===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 23, 2025, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics, Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive. Typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate, or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns, in our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-Ks under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics reports first quarter 2025 results. Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. It's good to be with you on our first quarter 2025 earnings call. I will apologize in advance. I've got a crushing head cold, so if I sound a little rugged, please excuse that. With that said, our teams achieved a solid financial and operational performance in the first quarter. It's continued testament, I think, to our business model and performance-driven culture. Highlights included record steel shipments of 3.5 million tons and adjusted EBITDA of $448 million. Most importantly, our teams continue to operate safely. We've been successfully ramping up four new value-add flat-rolled steel coating lines, with the expectation of full earnings benefit later this year. These lines represent an additional 1.1 million tons of higher-margin product diversification. Further adds to our position of being the largest non-automotive coater in North America. The Sinton team gained considerable momentum in the quarter running at around 86% of capacity, and many times over 90%. The team also achieved positive EBITDA for the quarter, with expectations of a steep acceleration of profitability the remainder of this year. I'm very excited for the accomplishments that the team has made in the last six months. There's absolutely no doubt it is the mill of the future. And Barry will go into some more detail during his opening comments. Aluminum Dynamics successfully cast its first aluminum ingot in January at our Columbus, Mississippi facility, and in March at our Mexican satellite slab facility. We're extremely proud and excited for the teams. Everything is on schedule for the systematic commissioning of the rest of the lines with an expectation to ship commercial quality coils in June. Again, I'm proud of the entire Steel Dynamics team. They are the foundation of our company, and they continue to amaze me. We are singly focused on providing the very best for their health and safety. We continue building a world-class safety culture. In particular, our team's dedication to our take control of safety program is extraordinary. We're actively engaged in safety at all times, and at every level, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation each and every day. I'm continually inspired by the commitment our team members have for one another, and consider themselves family and challenge the status quo each day. That said, there always will be more to do as we drive toward a zero-incident environment. Theresa, would you like to give us some details on the quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I add my sincere thanks to the teams for another solid performance. Our first quarter 2025 net income was $217 million or $1.44 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $448 million. First quarter 2025 revenue of $4.4 billion was 13% higher than fourth quarter sequential results primarily driven by record steel shipments. First quarter operating income of $275 million was 16% higher than sequential results, also related to steel volumes. As we discussed our business this morning, we continue to focus and execute on our transformational growth initiatives. Our steel operations generated operating income of $230 million in the first quarter, sequentially higher as record shipments more than offset metal spread contraction. With an average realized external steel price decline of $13 per ton and an average scrap price increase of $16 per ton. I do want to add my congratulations to the Sinton team. They've really turned a corner and I'm very excited for them. From a steel price perspective, as a reminder, approximately 75% to 80% of our flat-rolled steel business is tied to lagging contracts. Generally, on average, about two months in arrears. So the more recent increases in flat-rolled steel pricing will positively impact the second quarter. For modeling purposes, for the first quarter of 2025, hot band shipments were 1,093,000 tons, cold rolled shipments were 116,000 tons, and coated shipments were 1,403,000 tons. And as a reminder, we'll continue to see that coated volume action increase from a product mix perspective as the four new lines start to have full utilization. In the first quarter, they were still only utilized on average around 50% to 55%. For the first quarter, operating income from metals recycling operations was $26 million, improving modestly as volumes in ferrous metal spreads increased. We're the largest non-ferrous metals recycler processing and consuming ferrous scrap, non-ferrous aluminum, copper, and other metals. And we're growing in support of our increased steel capacity and soon-to-be aluminum flat operations. Through new and expanded supplier relationships and through the use of innovative new separation technologies. And I want to congratulate the Omnisource and NanoWell teams as they're increasing those separation technologies and we're actually adding capacity in the coming months. Our steel fabrication team achieved first quarter operating income of $117 million, lower than sequential fourth quarter results as realized pricing declined a modest 4% and shipments seasonally decreased. Our steel joist and deck demand remained solid with good order activity. March was our strongest order entry month in two years. Our backlog extends into the fourth quarter of 2025 and forward backlog pricing remains solid. Federal programs, manufacturing growth, and onshoring are expected to support domestic fixed asset investment and related flat and long product steel, and steel joist demand in the coming years. Pivoting to our aluminum operations, a quick reminder, as we finish constructing the aluminum facilities, non-capitalizable expenses are required to flow through SG&A. As a result, our SG&A in the first quarter was higher by approximately $37 million. We continue to have expectations to achieve positive EBITDA in the second half of 2025 for the aluminum platform and plan to operate the rolling mill at approximately 30% for the full second half of the year with an exit rate of 50% and 75% for the full year of 2026 with an exit rate of 85%. Construction is coming to completion and commissioning, progressing extremely well. Approximately $2.4 billion has already been invested through March of 2025 with the remaining $300 million forthcoming. During the first quarter of 2025, we generated cash flow from operations of $153 million which was reduced by an annual company-wide profit-sharing retirement distribution of $165 million. Excluding this payment, cash flow was $318 million in the quarter, with net working capital growing about $105 million as steel prices increased later in the quarter. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $2.6 billion and invested $306 million in CapEx during the quarter. For the full year of 2025, we still believe capital investments will be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion with the majority related to the completion of our aluminum and biocarbon strategic growth investments. As a reminder, our sustaining or what some call maintenance capital requirements are conservatively in the range of $200 to $250 million annually. Regarding shareholder returns, our cash generation is consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable low-cost structure. And confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return growth, with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program. While we remain dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation, our track record is proven and recognized. In the last five years, our average after-tax return on invested capital was 23%. And this was during a time frame of transformational growth and strong shareholder returns. We opportunistically accessed the investment-grade bond markets in March and issued $1 billion of unsecured notes comprised of a 5.25% $600 million ten-year tranche and a 5.75% $400 million thirty-year tranche. Using the proceeds to pre-fund a $400 million note that matures in June of 2025 and for other corporate purposes. We really appreciate the receptiveness of the credit investors for our offering. Allowing us an excellent outcome, and we sincerely thank you to all involved. A quick forecasting comment. As Aluminum Dynamics ends construction, so will the associated interest expense capitalization in the second quarter. So net interest expense in the first quarter was around $12 million. In the second quarter, it'll be closer to $30 million. And therefore, likely $40 million a quarter. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years from an annual average of $540 million to, most recently, $3 billion if we exclude aluminum and Sinton. Even if we include aluminum and Sinton, it's still over $2 billion per year. We've placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns while maintaining investment-grade metrics. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized, long-term value creation. Thank you. Barry?
Barry Schneider: Thank you, Theresa. Steel fabrication operations had a solid performance in the first quarter. In fact, as Theresa mentioned, March represented the single highest month order entry volume in two years with momentum continuing in April. Our order backlog extends into the fourth quarter at attractive pricing levels. We continue to have high expectations for the business due to strong quoting and order activity, continued onshoring of manufacturing, recently announced significant privately funded manufacturing projects, and public funding for infrastructure, and other fixed asset investment programs. The long-term uplift from this backdrop could be considerable for all of our platforms. Our steel fabrication platform provides meaningful volume support for our steel mills critical in softer demand environments, allowing for higher through-cycle steel utilization. But also mitigates the impact of lower steel prices. Our metals recycling operations improved earnings in the first quarter as demand from North American steel producers supported higher ferrous scrap volume. The team also continues to grow its access to recycled aluminum in advance of our aluminum flat-rolled operations ramp-up. Ferrous scrap prices increased each month of the first quarter of 2025 before moderating approximately $40 per ton in April as weather improved supporting higher scrap flows. Currently, we expect prices to remain fairly stable throughout the year. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap-generating customers. Our metals recycling team is also partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through both process and technology solutions. This helps mitigate potential risk of supply as more grades of ferrous and non-ferrous scrap become usable for our steel and aluminum operations. It also provides us with a significant advantage to materially increase the recycled content for our aluminum flat roll products and increase our earnings opportunities. The steel team had a strong quarter, achieving record shipments of 3.5 million tons. During the first quarter, the domestic steel industry operated at a utilization rate of approximately 75% while our steel mills operated at 89%. We consistently operate at higher utilization rates due to our value-added steel product diversification, differentiated customer supply chain solutions, and the support of our internal manufacturing businesses. This higher through-cycle utilization of our steel mills is a key competitive advantage supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Regarding the flat roll steel markets, pricing and order entry have stabilized at levels much higher than we saw in the second half of 2024. However, there has been some hesitation with certain customers awaiting more market certainty. Overall inventories remain historically lean, but increased imports kept incremental buying at bay in certain product areas. Specifically for coated flat-rolled steel products. We levied a trade case related to these products in the third quarter of 2024 and we recently received favorable preliminary countervailing and dumping rulings. This has already slowed the imports of unfairly priced coated steel flat roll products. This along with the announced 232 tariffs should positively impact demand for lower carbon emission US-produced steel products. This positions us incredibly well as we are the largest producer of non-automotive coated flat roll steel products in North America. As for the long product steel market, it also improved in the first quarter with demand for most sectors stable or improving. Prices have increased over the last several months with solid order entry and improving backlogs. Persistent Texas flat roll mills production and reliability continue and improve. In the first quarter, operating at 86% utilization and at times over 90%. As Mark said, they achieved positive EBITDA for the quarter. We expect to see a significant increase in Sinton's earnings contributions as they continue in the second quarter and again in the second half of the year. As the team further improves yield, lowers their cost structure, and improves the cost of quality, we also continue to work on product development at Sinton to expand our existing flat roll product offerings. Currently, API pipe grades and high-strength steels are in various stages of development. The operations. Also, the additional two new value-added coating lines are increasing volume improving Sinton's value-added product mix and through-cycle earnings capabilities. Regarding the steel markets environment, North American automotive production estimates for 2025 were recently revised lower. Uncertainty due to the impact of recently discussed auto and auto part tariffs. However, there's ongoing discussions of these being softened as well. Fortunately, our specific automotive customer base has remained stable with us growing automotive market share of both flat roll and SBQ Steel. Nonresidential construction remains stable with slowdowns across some industries. However, as I mentioned earlier, we have seen pricing for structural beams, engineered bars, and merchant bars increase over the last several months. With expanding backlogs. Additionally, onshoring large recently announced domestic manufacturing projects, and infrastructure spending should provide further support to fixed asset investment and related construction-oriented projects. As for the energy market, oil and gas activity remained steady with recent signs of increasing activity for both flat roll steel and SBQ. We also see ongoing demand in the solar markets. Which we are very active in. Looking forward, we remain optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing dynamics for the remainder of 2025. With that, I'll surrender the microphone.
Mark Millett: Oh, surrendered. Okay. Thank you, Theresa. Thank you, Barry. Well, I think the last six months are a great example of the resiliency of our business model. A performance-driven team-based culture in combination with a proven, diversified, and value-add business model drives superior through-cycle financial metrics. Such consistently strong operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. Allowing a very balanced cash allocation strategy that has delivered the highest shareholder returns in our industry. Our disciplined investment approach continues to support a strong and growing through-cycle cash generation profile while maintaining the highest return on invested capital among our peers. Again, the four flat roll steel coating lines are increasing volume and performing very well from a quality perspective. These types of high-return investments are key to our value-added product and supply chain differentiation strategies. As we mentioned, Sinton continues to perfect its operational reliability and downstream operations. It was EBITDA positive in the first quarter, with expectations for a material positive shift in financial contribution this year. And most recently, our aluminum growth strategy is months away from contributing to our earnings. I think the aluminum investment premise is especially compelling and parallels our disruptive entry into steel years ago. We see a market environment in aluminum similar to the domestic steel industry back then. Older assets, high legacy cost burden, inefficient, high-cost operations. They've had difficulty earning their cost of capital, and hence little additional investment in facilities and technologies taking place. No significant expansion. The past forty plus years. But unlike our entry into the oversupplied steel market back then, there's a significant North American supply deficit for aluminum sheet. And it's growing. There's clear business alignment between our steel and aluminum operations. We're leveraging SDI's core competencies in construction and operational know-how and exploiting that with our performance-driven culture driving higher efficiency, lowest cost operations. It also leverages Omni's recycling footprint. Being the largest North American aluminum scrap recycler. Along with its new separation technologies. This meaningful investment is a cost-effective and high-return growth and diversification opportunity for us. And the project is no longer just a vision, but it's a reality. Construction of the expansive mill in Columbus, Mississippi nearing completion and is in the commissioning phase being executed at an extraordinary pace. The aluminum industry is finally realizing we're here. And we will be a force to be reckoned with. The customer base across all sectors is excited to have a new market entrant that is known to be innovative. Customer-centric, and responsive to their needs. For us, business relationships are long-term. Founded on trust and the continuous goal of creating mutual value. We strive to be a differentiated supplier each and every day. As our aluminum growth has become a reality and our reputation permeates the industry, aluminum professionals with vast experience have joined us in this exciting project. And it's exciting to see. They see the vision and are excited by our culture. They see that they themselves can make a major contribution. They're helping us build a phenomenal team. That combines in-depth knowledge of aluminum flat roll operations, commercial markets, and process technology along with customer service. Complementing our SDI professionals. That will bring our performance-driven culture to bear. As many of you know, the physical assets will be a state-of-the-art 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat rolled facility in Columbus, Mississippi. About 300,000 tons of can sheet, 230,000 tons eventually of foil, and 130,000 tons of industrial and construction products. We will in Columbus have on-site melt cast slab capacity of around 600,000 metric tons. Supported by two satellite recycle aluminum slab casting centers located in UBC scrap regions. Project scope includes additional scrap processing and new segregation technologies to maximize aluminum recycled content. The team is executing exceptionally well. The team successfully cast the first industrial and beverage can ingot in Columbus, Mississippi in January. And have since then been developing practices for the 3000 and 5000 series alloys. And in San Luis Potosi in March. They cast their first ingots also. We plan to continue commissioning throughout the facilities during the coming months, and to produce commercially viable products in June 2025. Production is expected to grow an exit rate capacity of 50% this year and 75% capacity for the full year of 2026. This is relative to cost differentiation. We expect through-cycle annual EBITDA of $650 to $700 million plus $40 to $50 million for the metals recycling platform. Most significant savings relative to our competition center on four key areas. Labor savings, higher recycled content, significant process yield improvements, and logistics. And while walking the plant floor, you can feel the excitement. Our teams recognize their ability to revolutionize the North American aluminum industry. As we did in steel. We're impassioned by our current and future growth plans, they will continue to drive the high-return growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. The earnings growth of these new projects is compelling, Capital spending for Sinton, the four value-add lines, and the Aluminum Dynamics facilities largely spent for the projected future through-cycle EBITDA contribution of some $1.4 billion or more. Steel Dynamics has grown to an incredibly resilient cash-generating business of scale and diversification. Driven by the best teams in the world. In the last five years, we've invested billions of dollars in organic strategic growth. Earned a return on invested capital of 23%, compared to the S&P 500 at only 12%. And certainly way better than our industrial peers. We've increased our cash dividend over 100%. We've repurchased over 30% of our outstanding shares over 40% since 2017. All the while maintaining best-in-class investment-grade credit metrics and creating outstanding value for our customers and suppliers. Our teams, and our shareholders. I'm excited as investors clearly see now the power and consistency of our through-cycle cash generation. Combined with our consistent and high-return capital allocation strategy. It is our belief that the steel industry has undergone a paradigm shift in recent years. There's a pervasive sense of Mercantilism that will provide a level playing field through continued and appropriate trade mechanisms. We've seen that in the recent coated flat roll steel positive trade determinations. Recent Trump administration steel and aluminum moves, the tariffs, risk mitigation to address numerous supply chain dislocations of accelerated reshoring and manufacturing. AI and cloud computing will support nonresidential construction, data centers, chip factories, and battery plants. But on a growing fixed asset investment associated with public and private dollars. Decarbonization will materially steepen the global cost curve. Providing Steel Dynamics with a significant competitive advantage. To gain market share and increase metal spreads. This evolving metals business environment should amplify our earnings capability. As you see, we are blessed with good fortune. Our people being our foundation. I thank each of them for their passion and dedication. We are committed to them. I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves, your families, and each other is the highest priority. I'll be remiss not to thank our loyal customers. Many of whom have supported us since our inception. As I said earlier, these partnerships are based on trust, on doing what we say we will do, and creating new solutions to enhance the value proposition. Our new and aluminum partners will experience the same. And also to our suppliers and service providers, who we value and trust. Thank you. Our culture and business model continue to differentiate our performance. Leading to best-in-class financial metrics. We're a circular metals business, providing enhanced lower carbon supply chain solutions and in turn mitigating volatility in cash flow generation through all market cycles. Providing enhanced shareholder returns and value to all participants. We look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the years ahead. So with that said, Holly, we'd love to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. If you pressed star one earlier during today's call, please press star one again to ensure our equipment has captured your signal. Also, we ask that you please limit yourselves to one question to facilitate time for everyone. Any additional questions can be addressed upon reentering the queue. Please hold while we poll for questions. Your first question for today is from Katja Jancic with BMO.
Katja Jancic: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe starting on your raw materials or metallics needs, can you talk about how exposed you are to importing those?
Mark Millett: Sure. And perhaps, Barry, I'll just expand that a little bit because I'm sure the whole tariff and trade situation is of interest to everyone. I think the January path and trade actions today specific to steel and aluminum are extremely beneficial for us. One has to recognize even before that this present term, you know, that section 201, 301, anti-circumvention, other past cases are still firmly in place and prevent impact from China. I think the recent court case and I know I'm deviating from the raw materials, but just giving you a broad picture, you know, the recent court case which is the trade action against the coated steels is going to be very impactful. In fact, it's already impactful. It covers, I think, Barry, ten, you know, ten Asian countries. And about three, four million tons of dumped coated steel, and that will be very beneficial to us. And I think the derivative products actions are extremely beneficial. There are, I think, some two to three million tons of fabricated structural steel items coming through onto our shores. And that's an appreciable volume. You know, that market is probably somewhere six to eight million tons. And suppressing that will have a major, major impact for our long products platform. And then just generally, the tariffs on supply chains already is providing, I think, a positive momentum from a reshoring standpoint. Relative to raw materials in particular, obviously, scrap is not included. Today. And all my comments are as of today, one doesn't know necessarily what may happen in the days, weeks, and months ahead. But the scrap flowing across the border is not an impact to us. We bring about 700,000 tons of scrap in from Canada and about 100,000 tons up from Mexico. But that remains unaffected. P1020, which will be consumed in our aluminum facilities, the tariffs tend to be absorbed through the Midwest premium. And passed on to the customer base. So that has little impact. We will have a little impact from tariffs on pig iron if they remain in place. We just as we did at the onset of the Ukrainian war, when pig iron pricing went skyrocketing and availability was challenged. We increased our prime scrap and more importantly, our sort of what we call shred one, a low residual scrap and reduce that pig iron content or appetite. So then there will be reduced. And then there will be some impact on slab, aluminum slab coming up from Mexico. That'll be incremental this year because of, obviously, we're ramping up and the volume is not going to be very large. But I think, in general, we are well positioned relative to our peers. And I think it sets the stage for the renegotiation. You know, the USMCA gets renegotiated in 2026. I wouldn't be surprised if that got pulled forward. But I think there'll be a very, very positive outcome for the country when that occurs.
Katja Jancic: Okay. Thank you. I'll hop back into the queue.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. And I hope you're feeling better since. Wanted to ask if I could about what changed at Sinton from prior guidance. You know, you talked about not being able to have positive EBITDA than it was. And then if I could also, are you still looking to produce exposed automotive eventually there? Any updates, please, would be great. Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: Hey, Timna. Real quick. Can you just re-ask that first part of your question about what changed? Can you just clarify that a little bit?
Timna Tanners: Yeah. So initially, you had talked about Sinton not being profitable, I think, in the mid-quarter update. Or and then, in the results, you talked about it being profitable. So I just wanted to understand, you know, that and maybe what's improved there and can continue to improve going forward. Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: Okay. Thank you. So from a change perspective, I'm gonna let Barry get into the details of Sinton because we are really excited. That's why we congratulate the team, and hopefully somebody down there is listening. But from the perspective of what changed, we were just really trying to see where the end of the quarter fell out. And, obviously, they were more exposed to spot pricing than Columbus and Butler are. So some of the price appreciation on the flat roll side was actually able to be captured in the March time frame where it will be more lagging at Butler and Columbus. So it was nothing that was significant, but it was very exciting for us to have an EBITDA positive quarter heading to op.
Barry Schneider: And really, the team maturing and bringing the line utilization rates higher has allowed us to capture that market quicker. As Theresa mentioned. With the long-term projection of automotive exposed, we are very excited about the product we produce down there. I think it's early to be talking about exposed, but we are developing really good practices so that we continue to make our customers happy as we ramp the facility up and we introduce new products. So I wouldn't rule it out, but it's not something we're advertising at this minute.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Carlos de Alba with Morgan Stanley.
Carlos de Alba: Yeah. Sorry. I was on mute. Thank you very much. On the fabrication business, I think I've heard that March had the strongest order entry in two years. Does this mean that the volume that we saw in Q1 marked probably the bottom and it should increase from here and not, the second quarter, maybe the third quarter because we did notice that the shipments in the first quarter and I understand the seasonality, but they were the lowest, I think, since 2015 or 2017. On a quarterly basis.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Carlos. I'll let Barry add. What I would say is we've been talking about this. We talked about it kind of the whole quarter that for fabrication, the first quarter, because there was still some hesitancy around what was happening with the administration, what steel costs would be, where interest rates were, that there was some hesitancy on from a customer perspective of actually, you know, having those jobs proceed forward. And so we knew there'd be some open patches, if you will, and those generally get filled with smaller projects that have a little bit lower pricing dynamics. So we definitely are seeing strength in the second half of the year. As it relates to fabrication, and that's the momentum you're seeing in March and April. But I'll let Barry further comment.
Barry Schneider: Yeah. The activity we're seeing is robust, and it's the type of projects that we do very well in. With New Millennium. So we do see those projects materializing, and we also see some of the projects that have been temporarily on hold status with the uncertainty. Some of those are starting to free up. So we anticipate growing forward through the second quarter and into the second half of the year as what we see today.
Carlos de Alba: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tristan Gresser with PNB Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: Yes. Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on the downstream side. Does that mean that with the visibility you have and backlogs into the end of the year, do you expect volumes to improve on a year-on-year basis? Starting Q2 or maybe in H2?
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, yes. We do expect to see, based on what we can tell today and the order activity and the current macro environment that we're all watching day to day, we absolutely expect volumes to be higher year over year.
Tristan Gresser: Alright. Thank you. And my question then is more on the demand side of the equation. Could you discuss a little bit by end markets what has been the recent developments since the tariffs were announced in early April? You mentioned you had a strong Q1, and now there is some uncertainty. So I'm curious to see the order activity, how it's been in the past two weeks. And also how we should, I mean, you had a very strong shipment figure in Q1. How we should think about shipments into Q2.
Barry Schneider: Yeah. Tristan, we continue to see a lot of real demand. In spite of all the uncertainty out there, there are a lot of customers that are actually looking to further their relationships with us. We've seen more growth in our longer-term contracts, people trying to cement their supply chains. And when you look at specific marketplaces like construction goods, our painted products are doing very well. We see resilient demand out there. We see opportunities for growth. With the HVAC industry. We support. We saw an uptick in February and March. And some of it we think was a little bit of a buy ahead of uncertainty of tariffs. But now we're seeing some demand fill back in there. So we continue to be pretty excited about what we see at HVAC. The appliance business we do is pretty steady. And I think that, much like automotive, depending on where you're at in those industries, your vision of them might be different. So our appliance vision is pretty strong right now. We're also very strong with automotive, the platforms that we are on are actually doing very well. So we saw Q1 kind of surge particularly with, you know, the North American players that we're associated with. So we remain very excited about that. We're seeing a lot of activity for pipe and tube, whether it's oil and gas or whether it's infrastructure. Those projects are starting to materialize, and there's real demand for some of these activities that have just kind of been put off. So we're excited about that, and you know, some of the rail business we do is also very steady. So last year was slow with class one railroads, but we're starting to see that pick up again in 2025 here. So, again, we see a lot of pockets where things are good. So in spite of the, perhaps, perception of the industry, people are still trying to make things go, and our team is really good. When things get tight like this, our relationships come back. And our relationships help support how we go forward. So in times like this, we're excited about the opportunity to grow. And to, you know, enrich those relationships we've worked so hard at building. So all in all, with what we see today, we're excited about where 2025 is going.
Tristan Gresser: Alright. That's very helpful. Just to confirm, normal seasonality in Q2 seems a fair base case? In terms of volumes.
Theresa Wagler: I'm sorry, Tristan. Can you say that again? Normal seasonality into Q2 for steel shipments seems like a fair assumption.
Tristan Gresser: So we've got a lot of different things happening right now to Barry's point. So we've got Sinton growing. We're gaining market share, and especially, the core cases can't be under-discussed as far as the positive impact. And since we're the largest coater of non-automotive flat-rolled steel in North America, it's specifically impactful to us in a very positive way. So I would not expect to see shipments go backward if that's what you're asking.
Tristan Gresser: Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Christ LaFemina with Jefferies.
Christ LaFemina: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I actually have a kind of more of a strategic question. You've obviously spent a lot of time on your existing organic growth that's sitting in the aluminum mill and the value-add lines, all of which are getting close to the finish line now. So you're gonna start to generate higher through-cycle cash flows. You've talked about being excited about your current growth plans as well as your future growth plans. And I'm wondering what happens next? I mean, you know, you'll be presumably, you're on a higher through-cycle cash flow run rate. You've talked in the past about doing more in non-steel recycling, including, I think, you talked about in copper, for copper and aluminum. You've obviously been buying back shares as well. I mean, do we get into a situation where Steel Dynamics becomes an even bigger capital return story or is it about the next leg of growth? And then sorry. Secondly, on the next leg of growth, if you look at growing in the US steel industry, are you worried about investments from sparring steel mills building new capacity here to sort of circumvent tariffs and ultimately that leaving little opportunity for you to grow and steal domestically. So really just kind of a question around you.
Mark Millett: Well, I think as I mentioned earlier, we were absolutely blessed. We have a great team and the strategic initiatives they've put in place over the last five, ten, fifteen years is why we're we are here today. And as you rightfully say, we're gonna have a very, very strong cash position moving forward. As all these recent projects come to fruition. Gonna allow us a continued sort of balanced cash allocation strategy. I don't think it's gonna change. And we will use all the tools in our toolbox to improve shareholder value. I think you will see growth in aluminum for sure as you've seen it in steel. You know, a lot of the things that evolved through our life cycle in steel, you know, downstream value-add processing coating, painting, can be done in the aluminum world as well. That will continue. And steel itself, for sure, there's still plenty of opportunity there. Our teams are incredibly innovative. And there are market spaces and issues that we don't plan today, that we intend to penetrate. We don't grow just to be big. We always grow. If you look at both our organic and our in it we always differentiate ourselves, and you will continue to see that value-add sort of profile going forward.
Theresa Wagler: I would just add to that. Right now, and the teams are doing a period of execution and optimization of these larger growth projects that we've had. So we don't see billions of dollars of CapEx in the near term, but we do see the cash flow coming. So that will allow opportunities for shareholder returns to continue at a really strong rate. It also allows us though we don't wanna forget about the fact that we are acquisitive, so we do look at transactions from time to time as well. We're just really disciplined, and that's what differentiates us from our peers. So there's still a lot of opportunity for growth while distributing, I know, strong shareholder returns on a through-cycle basis.
Christ LaFemina: I guess I was also wondering in terms of the mechanism for capital returns and buybacks are nice, but, you know, having a higher three-cycle dividend that could be funded by the higher through-cycle cash flows might actually be an even more compelling point of differentiation. And how does the board and the management team think about the allocation of those capital returns and is it possible that you just go you change your dividend payout model based on the higher two-cycle cash flow? So thank you for answering my questions.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. No worries. So from a dividend perspective, I mean, we've increased our dividend by over 100% in the last five years. So we definitely keep an eye on it, and we definitely know that it's important. But we grow the dividend when our cash flow structure fundamentally grows on a three-cycle basis. So you should expect to see dividend growth as you have seen in the past as we have more significant cash flow opportunities come to fruition through organic or transactional growth such as aluminum. Such as Sinton, you will see more significant dividend increases. So I think we are following that philosophy. We wanna keep dividends on an absolute basis, meaningful yet conservative, and we complement that with the share buybacks. So the board looks at it that way as does management because we wanna be responsible so that that dividend's never at risk.
Christ LaFemina: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. And, you know, nice job on the quarterly execution. I wanted to ask about downstream margins and how to think about it in the second quarter. You know, we think about the lag input costs, higher steel prices. Commit, will you think this will over the pricing stabilization or improvements you've spoken to about in the past? Trying to get a sense for us so we can think about margins in the quarter and looking ahead.
Theresa Wagler: Well, we generally as you know, Bill, don't give specific guidance as it relates to things like that. I would just point you to some of the drivers to consider. One of the drivers is that fabrication generally keeps eight to ten weeks of inventory or substrate inventory, maybe twelve weeks on the ground. So as we've had escalating flat-rolled steel prices, you will see higher steel input costs going into fabrication, but that can also be, you know, a premise or a driver for increased profitability or increased pricing on the product side. And we have seen stabilization there. So, you know, later in the year, we definitely think there's opportunity for growth. Whether that comes sooner or later, it's hard to say. The other thing that I would remind you of is that volume is really, really impactful in our fabrication operations because it really is about people. And so as you have more volume, that margin expands pretty dramatically, pretty quickly because of the cost compression. I can't give you specific guidance as it relates to the fabrication operations. I would just say for the year, we're feeling very strong.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Harris: Yes. Thanks and good morning. There was a couple of times during the call where my sound cut out. So if you answer this, I apologize in advance, but under the noncash adjustments, can you provide a bit more color on what's behind the $19 million in unrealized gain losses? And maybe speak to how we should think about the potential impact for the balance of 2025?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Absolutely. So, Mike, just real quick, clarification to make sure I'm answering your question, you're speaking about adjusted EBITDA. Correct?
Mike Harris: That's correct. Yeah. So that relates to we have a risk commodities team where we manage risk around the amount of scrap copper finished product copper at our copper rod and wire mill. And aluminum. And so that was just an unrealized loss. In the first quarter related to the sharp moves and non-ferrous pricing. Generally, that will come back then in the following quarter. So if you look at that quarter over quarter, you're gonna see over a period of a year, you know, eighteen months, twenty-four months, it doesn't have that much impact, but that's what it was related to specifically in the first quarter. It's just an unrealized hedging loss.
Mike Harris: Okay. So just the timing issue that nets itself out over the course of the year is a good way to look at it.
Theresa Wagler: That's a great way to look at it.
Mike Harris: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Andrew Jones with UBS.
Andrew Jones: Can you hear me okay?
Operator: Hello? Are you there?
Andrew Jones: Yeah. I'm. Can you hear me?
Theresa Wagler: We can now.
Andrew Jones: Okay. Great. Thanks. Just a follow-up. I mean, you were asked earlier about the metallic exposure, and we heard your point that you can use more prime scrap to reduce that exposure. But can you give us an actual number for how much pig iron was consumed maybe in 2024 or your kind of expectations for 2025 with the ramp-up of Sinton, you know, prior to these coming in, just so we can get an idea for the impact going forward.
Barry Schneider: Andrew, that's a moving target for us. We all the time, are looking at the economic balance for what our raw material charges are. So when we speak to the fact that we're working on segregation sorting techniques, that allows us to get what would normally be cut grade scraps into a cleanliness level where we can use them more abundantly. So we are constantly making that decision each month. When it comes to pig iron, we look at that same balance. And in many cases, it helps the operations besides just quality. It also can be productivity enhancing. Our teams are really good at having different scrap mixes in the mills at every moment of the day. And having the right resources to make the best decision at the time. So we could go anywhere from 8% to 25% on pig iron, and we will make those decisions based on what the market pricings are of those different units. Our Butler, Indiana facility has an iron facility on-site, Iron Dynamics. That has been an outstanding asset to have. The last five years specifically. Because we're able to create iron for the Butler plant out of waste materials. So that technology has allowed us to be a little bit more independent. And down south, it's Sinton and Columbus. Those assets, again, are continually looking at what the product mix requires. And what the cost may be. So to this point, we've had great supply from our offshore pig iron suppliers. We've been very, you know, we continue to be transparent and have discussions. We think those pricing mechanisms will resound themselves through the year. So short term, we haven't done anything out of the ordinary. It's a large volume to just stock up on, and we don't wanna build our working capital, but we feel pretty good that as the situations unfold, we'll continue to find metallics at a competitive price. Everybody in the ArcFirst community is buying these same materials. It's a matter of how effectively you can use them on a day-to-day basis. And that's, again, where I think our team excels in being able to make those choices and be informed. A lot of hard work goes into doing that. So you know, the flatbed mills are the only mills that bring offshore metals in, the pig iron. All our long products mills are 100% scrap-based. So that's the impact if you look at what our flat roll is versus long roll.
Andrew Jones: No. That's great. That's great. And just to talk to you on that working capital point for you, the build that we saw in the quarter in working capital, is that purely a function of pricing with, you know, scrap and other inputs moving up through the quarter, or were there any other kind of overlays on that?
Theresa Wagler: No. Remember, the working capital build, if you exclude the one profit-sharing payment that gets paid every March every year, really only a build of about $100 million, and that really was associated with pricing moves. More on the steel side, actually. Than on metallics. And I guess the takeaway that we would want everyone on the call to have is that as it relates to our current position, raw materials, with demand, the entire kind of set of selling products and getting the raw materials in to sell those products, and the current tariffs that are in place, we feel really well positioned and we don't see a material financial impact to the negative. We actually just see a net upside as it relates to the customer's pricing, etcetera.
Andrew Jones: No. That's great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Tumazos, a Private Investor.
John Tumazos: Thank you very much. Concerning your original business plan for the aluminum mill, with the current aluminum tariff economics, the Midwest premium doubled roughly from twenty to forty cents on the plus side. The UBC price had been about a thirty cent discount to LME, now it's only a nickel. When you balance out the input-output analysis, are the current economics better, the same, or worse than for your original business plan a couple of years ago?
Mark Millett: Great question. A convoluted algorithm to spit out the answer, John. I would say we feel that with the exception of the slab coming up from Mexico and we'll see how that pans out, the economics remain in place. Does that mean it's all wash? It's a wash with the exception of where the tariff impact might be on slab coming up from Mexico. Thank you. If I can ask him not. But as I said earlier, for this year, that's incremental because we're just ramping up and the volumes are gonna be small. And I don't believe that the current tariff regimen is gonna be in place much longer than through this year.
John Tumazos: In terms of the competitive landscape, I recall May 1992, my old firm raised a hundred million for the Haslet Caster in Davenport, Iowa for Quinex. Maybe that's owned by Alaris now. What are the aluminum rolling mills of thirty-year or younger vintage? Good competitors that you'll be competing with.
Theresa Wagler: So, John, if you're asking if there are North American rolling mills that are less of age than thirty years. Is that the question? Because I think.
John Tumazos: Yeah. Oh, I think Alaris built one. I'm just trying to remember what are the ones that are gonna be your newer competitors.
Mark Millett: Well, to be honest, I don't think there are going to be any close competitors to us. I mean, if you look at the technology, the scale, the efficiency, the increased recycle content that we're able to have. And just our culture, John, you've followed us for many, many, many years now. You know, the combination of taking state-of-the-art technology and just explaining it with people that are impassioned that are incented, to drive every cent out of the cost structure and maximize metal spread. We are confident in the investment premise that we put forth.
John Tumazos: Yeah. It's been. Thank you. Hats off to everything you're doing. Congratulations.
Mark Millett: Over is like, forty or forty-five years. Since there's been a meaningful high-tech expansion. And like I said, it earlier, it is reminiscent, you know, for us gray hairs that have been around for a while. It's reminiscent of us getting into the steel business thirty years ago, you know, back then, the prior mill was Burns Harbor, you know, 1961. I mean, it's the same set of circumstances. That we're gonna hopefully disrupt.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back to Mr. Millett for closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Holly. And I will be quick, but for our employees that remain on the call, again, absolute heartfelt thanks for what you do each and every day for us. Thank you for your commitment and your passion and my sincere wish that you stay safe. Again, thank you to the customers and service providers. For those that are shareholders, again, thank you for your trust and your support. We too are large shareholders, so we know exactly how you think, I believe. And we work on your behalf each and every day to improve your balance. So thank you. Everyone be safe. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 23, 2025, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns in our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you taking the time to join us for our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. As you saw, our teams achieved a solid financial and operational performance in 2024 in what was a challenging market environment posting best-in-class financial metrics, which is a certainly a testament to our business model and performance driven culture. The highlights obviously second highest annual steel shipments of 12.7 million tons, cash from operations of $1.8 billion, and adjusted EBITDA of $2.5 billion and most importantly, we celebrated our safest year ever. Additionally, we've been ramping up our four new value-added flat rolled steel coating lines with the expectation of full earnings benefit in 2025. These lines represent an additional 1.1 million tons of higher margin product diversification for us. The Sinton team gained considerable momentum in the last two months running above 80% capacity and they are doing even better in January, with expectations to reach profitability in the coming months and Barry will go into more detail in his comments about the progress and what is yet to come. Aluminum Dynamics cast its first aluminum ingot two weeks ago at our Columbus facility and we're extremely proud and excited for the team. Everything is on schedule for a systematic commissioning of the rest of the plant to ensure commercial shipments this June. I could not be more proud of the entire Steel Dynamics team. They are the foundation of our company. There's no doubt that their passion, innovative spirit and commitment drives our success. As I mentioned, certainly the most gratifying achievement was having a record year in terms of safety. Both our recordable injury and lost time rates were the lowest in our history. We continue to build a world-class safety culture and our teams' dedication to our Take Control of Safety program is absolutely extraordinary. The core safety teams visited 85% of our 124 locations in 2024. These teams are made up of our teammates who volunteer to sacrifice time from their families to keep their colleagues safe and they are truly making it happen. 60% of our locations had zero recordable injuries and 81% had zero lost time incidents last year. I'm continually inspired by the commitment of our team members have for one another. They consider themselves family and challenge the status quo each and every day. And even with those phenomenal performance metrics, we certainly have a lot of work to do as we strive toward our zero incident environment goal. With that introduction, Theresa, would you like to give us your thoughts for the fourth quarter and for the year?
Theresa Wagler: Thanks Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. As Mark mentioned, 2024 had its challenges, yet the team performed well and I want to recognize that. In 2024 we achieved operating income of $1.9 billion and net income of $1.5 billion or $9.84 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion and liquidity remains strong at $2.2 billion as we continued meaningful organic growth investments and strong shareholder returns and not to be ignored, our three-year after tax return on invested capital was a resilient 23%. As for the fourth quarter of 2024, our net income was $207 million or $1.36 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $372 million. As some of you noted, our effective tax rate benefited the quarter approximately $13 million or 5.4% due to state adjustments and another 3% benefit related to certain reserve items. Fourth quarter 2024 revenues were $3.9 billion and operating income was $238 million lower than sequential third quarter results driven by lower realized steel pricing and seasonal volume. Our steel operations generated operating income of $165 million in the quarter sequentially lower as average pricing declined $48 per ton while scrap pricing remained relatively flat. Seasonally lower shipments declined 5% in the quarter across the steel platform with a 50,000 ton negative impact at our Butler flat roll division related to an unplanned outage. For the full year 2024, operating income from our steel operations was $1.6 billion with near record annual shipments. For your modeling purposes for the quarter, our hot band shipments were 901,000 tons, our cold rolled shipments were 119,000 tons and our coated flat rolled shipments were 1,282,000 tons. Likely many of you noticed a reclassification in our supplemental data. In the fourth quarter, we reclassified the financial impact of certain aluminum operations from our Metals Recycling segment to our new Aluminum segment, impacting the associated revenue and operating income lines in our historical data. For context, for 2024, this would have shifted income of approximately $15 million from our metals recycling unit down to Aluminum operations. For the fourth quarter, operating income from our metals recycling operations was $23 million as nonferrous metals spreads improved more than offsetting lower seasonal shipments. For the full year of 2024, operating income from our metals recycling operations was $77 million, higher than prior year results as volume and metal spread improved across the platform. We're the largest North American metals recycler processing and consuming ferrous scrap and nonferrous aluminum, copper and other materials, and we are growing in support of our increased steel capacity and soon to be aluminum flat rolled operations through new and expanded supplier relationships and through the use of innovative new separation technologies. I'm really proud of what the mills recycling team is doing. As it relates to steel fabrication, our steel fabrication team achieved fourth quarter operating income of $142 million lower than sequential third quarter results as realized pricing declined a modest 4% and shipments seasonally decreased. For the full year 2024, earnings from the platform were $667 million representing a very good year. Our steel joist and deck demand remained solid with good order activity and Barry will expound more on that in a minute. We believe that the Infrastructure Inflation Reduction Act, manufacturing growth and onshoring will still increase and support fixed asset investment and related flat and long product steel and steel joist and deck consumption in the coming year. Heading to our aluminum operations, a quick reminder as we finish constructing the aluminum facilities, non capitalizable expenses are required to flow through SG&A until startup. As a result, our SG&A was higher in 2024 by approximately $88 million. We continue to have expectations to be EBITDA positive in the second half of 2025 for this platform and plan to operate the rolling mill at approximately 50% in 2025 and 75% in 2026. The construction and commissioning of the rolling mill and the San Luis Potosi Recycled Slab Center are progressing extremely well. Approximately $2.2 billion has already been invested through December 2024 with expectations of funding the remaining $500 million plus in 2025. During the fourth quarter of 2024 we generated cash flow from operations of $347 million. For the full year we achieved annual cash flow of $1.8 billion. Working capital in the fourth quarter grew with the improved performance at Sinton and preparation for startup at our aluminum facilities, which represented an increase generally of around $100 million. In addition to some unexpected increases we had in WIP and finished goods at some of our long product divisions, which we expect to be right-sized shortly. Our cash generation is consistently strong based on a differentiated circular business model and highly variable low cost structure. At the end of the year we had liquidity of $2.2 billion comprised of cash and investments of approximately $1 billion and a fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. During 2024, we invested $1.9 billion in capital investments of which approximately 70% relayed to construction of our aluminum flat rolled investments. Approximately $200 million of funding for the aluminum investment shifted from the fourth quarter to 2025 spending, as did some other smaller projects throughout the company, increasing our full-year capital investments estimate from the original $750 million to $800 million to closer to $1 billion at this point. Again, this is simply a timing shift. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased $295 million of our common stock and $1.2 billion for the year, representing 6% of our outstanding shares. At December 31, we had $194 million remaining authorized for repurchase. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high return growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while we remain dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit ratings. Our track record is proven achieving a three-year after tax return on invested capital of 23% as I mentioned, during a period of transformational growth and strong shareholder returns. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years. Our annual average free cash flow used to be around $540 million. Today in the last five years it's closer to $3 billion. We've placed ourselves in a position of strength to have sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns, while maintaining investment grade metrics. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. On the sustainability front, as we mentioned on the third quarter call in 2024, we did announce new certified science based greenhouse gas emissions intensity targets for our steel mills. They are in alignment with 1.5 degree set forth in the Paris Agreement. We have interim 2030 emissions intensity goals as well as 2050 goals and we feel very strongly that we can accomplish this. Decarbonization is a meaningful part of our long-term value creation strategy and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We uniquely have an actionable path forward that's more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than we ever had for many of our industry peers. Our carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. And uniquely, actually, Tricia just let me know last night, we received an award from the Corporate, is that right, Tricia? The Corporate Knights and we're one of the world's most sustainable companies. In fact, we're 29th out of 100 companies and we're the only steel company that was mentioned, so I think that's pretty good and I want to give a congratulations to the teams because we can't do it without them. So with that, Barry?
Barry Schneider: Thank you, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations performed well throughout 2024, achieving historically strong earnings. At the end of the year, our steel joist and deck order backlog was solid, extending through the first half of 2025. We continue to have high expectations for the business due to the positive customer sentiment, high quoting activity, a moderating interest rate environment, continued manufacturing onshoring and public funding for infrastructure and other fixed asset investment programs. The uplift from this macro environment could be considerable for this platform as well as for our steel operations. Our steel fabrication platform provides meaningful volume support for our steel mills, critical in softer demand environments, allowing for higher through cycle steel utilization compared to our peers. It also helps mitigate the financial risk of lower steel prices. Our metals recycling operation also performed very well this year considering the challenge of declining scrap prices through most of 2024. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap generating customers. In particular, our Mexican locations competitively advantage our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They also strategically support aluminum scrap procurement for our flat rolled aluminum investments. Our metals recycling team is also partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through both process and technology solutions. This will help mitigate potential prime ferrous scrap supply issues in the future. It will also provide us with a significant advantage to materially increase the recycled content for our aluminum flat rolled products and increase our earnings opportunities. Ferrous scrap prices have stabilized and have increased in January. We expect prices to be moderately high in February as well based on the extreme cold weather through much of the United States and resulting diminished scrap flows. The steel team had another strong year. During 2024 the domestic steel industry operated at an estimated production utilization rate of 77% while our steel mills operated a rate of 86% excluding Sinton. We consistently operate at higher utilization to our value-added steel product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions and the support for our internal manufacturing businesses. This higher through cycle utilization of our steel mills is a key competitive advantage supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and the best-in-class financial metrics. Regarding the flat rolled steel markets, pricing stabilized in the fourth quarter and into January. Flat rolled customer order entry has been seasonally strong to begin 2025. Lead times remain steady and customers remain optimistic on the outlook. Inventories remain historically lean, but increased imports have kept incremental buying at bay in certain product areas, specifically for coated flat roll steel products. As most of you know, we levied a trade case late in 2024 and expect to get favorable countervailing and dumping rulings sometime in the next few months, which should significantly decrease these unfairly priced imports. Long product steel markets were challenged in the fourth quarter with seasonal weakness across the platform based on customer feedback. The severe weather definitely had an impact as well as cautiousness related to the election outcome and possible administrative moves. We have already seen order activity improvement and expect 2025 to pick up nicely in consumption as we progress through the first half of the year. Based on our railroad rail customers' discussions and project activity, we believe we will see increased demand for rail products in 2025 which will further help our product diversification in our long products group. Our Sinton, Texas flat rolled steel mills production reliability improved dramatically beginning in November, exiting the year with the utilization rate over 80%. The team continues to improve with operation levels approaching 90% levels in the last four weeks. The team continues working through quality and yield issues that are keeping costs at elevated levels. However, we expect these costs to moderate as we progress through the first half of the year, reaching positive earnings soon. We continue to work on product development with Sinton's capabilities to expand our flat rolled product offering. Also, the additional two new value-added coating lines are up and running, improving Sinton's operating efficiencies, value-added product mix and through cycle capabilities. Regarding the steel market environment, North American automotive production estimates for 2025 were recently revised slightly lower; however, they remain at historically normal levels. Automotive dealer inventories continue to remain below historical norms and actually have declined further in December. The auto fleet in the United States continues to age and has now reached a record high. Our specific automotive customer base has remained strong and our participation with this base has remained steady and in some cases growing. This is for both flat rolled products and our automotive SBQ customers. Nonresidential construction remained stable with slowdowns across some industries; however, we believe moderating interest rates will unlock pent up project work and create new opportunities as we progress into 2025. Additionally, onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further support to fixed asset investment in related construction oriented projects. As for the energy market, the solar industry continues to grow and be a meaningful market for both our flat rolled and long products mills. Oil and gas activity remained steady with recent signs of increased activity for both flat rolled products and SBQ products. Looking forward, we are optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing dynamics as we enter 2025. With that, I'll turn that over.
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Barry. Thank you, Theresa. So I believe it's more than evident that our performance-driven team-based culture in combination with a proven diversified and value-add business model, drive superior through cycle financial metrics. This consistently strong operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies, allowing a very balanced cash allocation strategy that has delivered the highest shareholder returns in our industry. Our disciplined investment approach continues to support a strong and growing through cycle cash generation profile, while maintaining the highest return on invested capital of our peers. As mentioned, the four value-added flat rolled steel coating lines are increasing volume and performing very well from a quality perspective. These types of high return investments are key to our value-added product and supply chain differentiation strategies. As we mentioned, Sinton continues to improve its operational reliability with expectations for strong production and financial contribution in 2025. And most recently, our aluminum growth strategy is unfolding and is especially compelling. The ADI [ph] investment premise parallels our disruptive entry into the steel industry some 30 years ago. Back then the market environment was similar to the domestic aluminum environment today; older assets, high legacy costs, inefficient high cost operations. They had difficulty earning their cost of capital over the years. Hence there's been little additional investment in facilities and technology. They have somewhat of an arrogant customer approach and but unlike our entry into the oversupplied steel market, there was a significant North American supply deficit for aluminum sheet and it will continue to grow. There's a clear business alignment where we can leverage SDI's core competencies. Our construction knowhow is quite persuasive. All you have to do is look at the rate of construction of this project and it's absolutely remarkable. And we also have operational knowhow and our performance-driven culture will drive higher efficiency and lower cost operations than our peers. The project also levers OmniSource's recycling footprint. They're the largest North American aluminum scrap recycler and they have done a great job here of late developing new separation technologies to separate the various aluminum grades from the scrap stream, particularly the 5000 and 6000 series from automotive process scrap. This is a meaningful investment. It's cost effective and a high return, growth and diversification opportunity. The project is no longer just a vision, but quickly becoming a reality. And as I said, just look at the website. We update that I think on almost a monthly basis. And just to think that we started digging in the ground July 5th of the year before last, somewhat 18 months ago is absolutely incredible the progress to date. Construction of the expansive mill in Columbus, Mississippi as I said is at an extraordinary pace. SLP, our slab and cast house down there is also proceeding incredibly well and should be operational here in March or April. The future customer base across all sectors is excited to have a new market entrant that is known to be innovative, customer centric and responsive to their needs. And I have to emphasize, after I talked to a bunch of the customers out there, aluminum customers out there, we will be innovative. We will be incredibly responsive and provide best-in-class service which will translate directly into customer value. We will be a differentiated supplier. Conversations with existing and new customers across the markets remain robust as they need and desire new supply options. As we strategically initiated at Sinton, we're developing an onsite industrial park to locate aluminum processing and consuming facilities there. We've already announced one such relationship with Klockner. It will help service our automotive customers. And we are currently negotiating a second arrangement that will result in approximately 100,000 metric tons of annual onsite processing capability. As our aluminum growth has become a visible reality and our reputation permeates the industry, we found aluminum professionals have been signing up to join this exciting project. They're helping us build a phenomenal team that combines in-depth knowledge of aluminum flat roll operations, aluminum commercial markets and process technology along with customer service, which complements our SDI professionals that will bring our performance-driven culture to bear. As we stated in the past, just to recap the facility itself, it's a state-of-the-art plant, 650,000 metric tons of flat roll capacity Columbus, Mississippi. The mix will be around 300,000 metric tons of canned stock, 230,000 metric tons of automotive material and about 130,000 tons of industrial and construction products. Actually at Columbus onsite mill cast slab capacity will be 600,000 metric tons supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers located in UBC's scrap rich regions. The project scope includes additional scrap processing and segregation technologies as I've already mentioned, to maximize aluminum recycled content. Our aluminum team is executing exceptionally well. The team successfully cast their first industrial and beverage can ingots on CAS complex #1 in Columbus the this past January 12th and we've had six or seven casts since in developing process variables for the different grades. We plan to continue commissioning throughout the facility during the coming months as we produce commercially viable products before midyear 2025. Production is expected to grow to a 50% annual run rate by the end of 2025 and 75% capacity in 2026. Given current market conditions we also expect to be a little EBITDA positive before year end 2025. We expect through cycle annual EBITDA of around $650 million to $700 million plus about $40 million to $50 million for the metals recycling platform. The most significant savings relative to our competition center on four key areas; labor savings, higher recycled content, significant process yield improvements and logistics. It can hardly be explained, but the excitement within our company is palpable, especially within the Mississippi and San Luis Potosi aluminum sites and it grows as our teams recognize our ability to revolutionize the North American aluminum industry as we did in steel. We are impassioned by our current and future growth plans as they will continue to drive the high return growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. The earnings growth of these new projects is compelling. The capital spending for Sinton, the four value-add lines and Aluminum Dynamics is largely spent with projected future through cycle EBITDA contribution of over $1.4 billion. Steel Dynamics has grown to an incredibly resilient cash generating business of scale and diversification driven by the best teams in the world. In the last five years we've invested billions of dollars in our organic strategic growth. We've earned a return on invested capital of 24% compared to the S&P 500 at only 12% and way higher than the best of our steel peers. We've increased our cash dividend over 90%. We repurchased over 30% of our outstanding shares, all while maintaining best-in-class investment grades, credit metrics and creating outstanding value for our customers and suppliers, our teams and our shareholders. I'm excited as investors recognize the power and consistency of our through cycle cash generation combined with our consistent and high return capital allocation strategy and they value us accordingly, more like industrial companies. It is our belief that the steel industry has undergone a paradigm shift in recent years that will amplify this position. There's a pervasive sense of mercantilism that will provide a level playing field through continued and appropriate trade mechanisms. Risk mitigation to address numerous supply chain dislocations is accelerated re-shoring of manufacturing. AI and cloud computing will support nonresidential construction, data centers, chip factories, battery plants and the like along with growing fixed asset investment associated with public dollars. And lastly, decarbonization will materially steepen the global cost curve, providing Steel Dynamics with a huge competitive advantage to gain market share and increase metal spreads, given our position of some of our sheet metals of the lowest carbon footprint in the world. This evolving metals business environment will amplify our earnings capability going forward. We are blessed with good fortune. Our people are our foundation and I thank each of them for their passion and dedication. We are committed to them and I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves, your families and each other is the highest priority. I would be remiss not to thank our loyal customers, many whom supported us since our inception some 31 years ago. These partnerships are based on trust, on doing what we say we will do, creating new solutions to enhance their value proposition. Our new aluminum partners will experience the same and also our suppliers and service providers who we value and trust, thank you. Our culture and business model continue to differentiate our performance leading to best-in-class financial metrics. We're a circular metals business, providing enhanced lower carbon supply chain solutions, in turn mitigating volatility and cash flow generation through all market cycles, providing enhanced shareholder returns and value to all participants. So we look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the years ahead. And with that said, Matthew, could we turn it over to questions please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Tristan Gresser from BNP Paribas. Your line is live.
Tristan Gresser: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, I was wondering, have you witnessed any weather impact either on your operations so far this year or on demand dynamics? And also what type of volume increase should we expect in steel and fabrication Q1? I'll start there.
Barry Schneider: Tristan, this is Barry Schneider. With regard to the weather, it does definitely tighten up scrap, just the availability to move it. I know there are lot of discussions out there about energy and what's going on in the various regional transmission areas. To date we haven't been significantly impacted. We have a really good relationship with both our utilities and our communities. So if there are emergencies, we have the ability to taper our usage. But it's been minimal to this point and we continue just to work with the cold weather as everybody else does. A lot of our teams work outside and could you repeat the second question, please?
Tristan Gresser: Yes. If you can share a bit of color on the guidance for volumes, what should we expect for your steel business and your fabrication business sequentially into Q1?
Theresa Wagler: So Tristan, as you know, we give limited guidance as it relates to things like that. But as you look at the first quarter, definitely and you look at some of the disruptions we had in the fourth quarter because as Barry mentioned, there was some weather impact with shipping as well with some of our steel divisions, but we would expect seasonally to see higher volumes in the first quarter. I think more importantly, like looking beyond just a quarter, but looking toward 2025, as all three of us mentioned in our opening remarks, the customers and our teams are really looking to see increased consumption and volume across the platforms in 2025 as it relates to some of the public funding. But I think more importantly as it relates to maybe some additional benefit from reduced imports from what we think will be a pretty robust construction environment, specifically in the second half of the year and then potentially some things from the administration as well. So we're more focused on the longer term than just quarter-over-quarter.
Tristan Gresser: Okay. No, that's fair. And maybe just another question on the hot dip galvanized trade case. Can you explain why the investigation was asked to be delayed? Is that because there were signs that the tariffs may not be applied in full? And also regarding the import situation, obviously there's a lot of chatter around potential tariffs. Have you witnessed some import bounce in recent weeks or before those potential tariffs take place?
Mark Millett: As regarding the timing, that is pretty typically just a procedural type event that happens with trade cases. There's an incredible amount of data that has to be collected and then the government agencies have to have to pore through that data. There are 10 different countries that where cases were filed against and we have seen an import bump and in some cases just being able to store any more material limits what could come in. But we have seen it, we see it subsidizing right now. And regardless of what new trade actions that may happen with the administration, these cases are traditional cases that are based on regular commerce between countries. So we're expecting very favorable rulings and we do anticipate taking this unnecessary noise out of the marketplace. As the rest of the world has struggled in certain areas with slowdowns, America becomes the place where these tons make their way. So again, normal cases, they're going to process through the system like they always would and then whatever the administration does going forward, obviously we'll react to and work with that.
Tristan Gresser: All right, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Good morning and thanks for the detail. I wanted to really understand better the situation at Sinton and the finishing lines. So in the Q4 results you talked about Sinton at 80%. So it looks like great progress there, but I'm not understanding why that's not more profitable at that utilization? And similar question for the finishing lines, like what does it take to get to greater profitability, when should we see that switch over and what could the contribution look like? Thanks a lot.
Barry Schneider: Timna, this is Barry. It's interesting when we talk about the progress of Sinton. I remain incredibly excited about what that team is doing. And the throughput is a very large part of any cost compression any operations in steel mills. So the gains we've seen on the hot side have really been excellent. And it's really a function of our teams are really working well together and our culture is being realized. The mentoring that our other steel professionals, the men and women at all our other steel plants have been going down there working with the Sinton team. And what started early as basic education on equipment is now mentoring. And the decision making they make every day drives the decisions to the floor and empowers the team to really make good decisions and find their best practices. Machine reliability improvements also. So as throughput is increased, that definitely gives us a great opportunity. Extraordinary cost right now are really a matter of a big part of the financial impact and that extraordinary costs are related to the reliability of the machine as well as improving the maintenance and the redundancies that our equipment needs. So as we've figured out where the weaknesses are, we're putting money, expensive money to put systems in place and people in place to make sure that the money we're spending today reduces the money we need to spend in the future. These costs also have a direct impact on the quality. And probably the single, to go specifically at your point about productivity, productivity alone is great, but what we have to really do is drive yields and prime rates. It's expensive commissioning, particularly downstream units because the products that are going to those lines as they start up have a lot more value in them. So we continue to drive more of our tons that we make, leaving the plant on a prime order of high value that drives the mixed average selling price up. So right now in the past month it's sitting the hot side is operating at a prime rate that is actually exceeding our Butler and Columbus plants. Butler and Columbus are world-class when it comes to turning every piece of raw material coming into our plant into a prime shipment. We're also very focused on product development. So instead of just having one product line, we continue to try to cost effectively and conscientiously develop products that will help the productivity and the product offering that we have out of out of Sinton. So the customer is not going to compromise their needs. So as we commission the lines as we go through the acceptability and the new customer qualification processes with these new lines, that does have a cost. So we're really excited with where we're at on the curve. It was ambitious, but the addition of the two new lines at Sinton, have allowed the mill to be more efficient. So as we work through these commissioning efforts and these approval processes, more of the product leaves the plant at high selling values. So that's a lot of what the Sinton cost is behind the productivity improvements.
Mark Millett: And I would say Timna, that one should focus on the step function improvement these past three months for them to be hitting 80% and I think, you know, all last year we said that mill would be operating at that rate by year end and so accomplish that. More recently they've been operating in excess of 90%. They're getting 10,000 ton days, they're getting 35, 36 string heats on the caster. The performance there has literally shot up exponentially and the fact that it didn't make money in the fourth quarter is not atypical. We're ramping up and the profitability as Barry well-articulated follows and our expectation is that profitability will be gained in the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Just one thing to follow. I want to level set everyone. So Barry and Mark mentioned that even though it's been a couple of years in, it's still in that startup mode where once it gets to a fully mature facility which will be later this year, it would be just like all of our other facilities. So as a reminder, our structural and rail division operated at less than 30% of its capacity in that 2009 great recession environment. And they were not just cash flow positive, but they were operationally positive from an earnings perspective as well. So Tynton will get there and the teams will achieve that here in the first half of the year.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lawson Winder from Bank of America. Your line is live. Once again, Lawson, your line is live.
Lawson Winder: Thank you very much, operator. Good morning, Mark, Theresa and Barry. Can I just ask on capital allocation priorities? So, I mean it's a very nice setup for Steel Dynamics heading into 2025 with a pretty material free cash flow inflection expected here. Are there any new projects in the pipeline that could possibly be green lit in 2025? And then on the other side of potential growth options, what is Steel Dynamics appetite to potentially acquire new capacity? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Sorry, what was the second half of that question? Oh M&AObviously we have allocated a lot of cash to phenomenal growth at Sinton the four new lines and aluminum and they are being realized. There is no, I would say imminent large scale organic growth anticipated right now. We have several projects, but our focus currently is to execute, execute, execute, get Sinton up and running incredibly well from a profitability standpoint. Get Aluminum Dynamics up and running and it's going to be a fabulous, fabulous mill, fabulous investment and return for us. So that's our immediate, I guess, focus for the team. On the M&A front, again we continue to look at opportunities as they come in and if one were to make sense then maybe we would look at it, but nothing imminent right this second.
Lawson Winder: Then would it be fair to conclude in absence of an obvious new growth project, and nothing obvious I guess for M&A, could capital return accelerate then just given the setup for 2025?
Theresa Wagler: So Lawson, we are absolutely a growth oriented company and we're very committed to our investment grade metrics and that being said, we've had because of the business model that we have, that consistent cash flow generation allows us to really have meaningful shareholder returns. So I think you've seen that in the last three, four, five years and I don't see anything changing that, absent something that's unforeseen at this point in time. So we'll be focused to Mark and Barry's point on execution first and foremost, but then you will continue to see us look to avail ourselves of what we think is an attractively priced company by buying our own shares back and by keeping that positive dividend profile.
Lawson Winder: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Alexander Hacking from Citi. Your line is live.
Alexander Hacking: Yes, hi, Theresa. Can you just clarify the expectations for the aluminum mill in terms of production? I think you said 50% this year, 75% next year. Is that sort of exit rate or is that average? I guess, put another way, like, how many tons would you expect to ship this year and next year? Thanks.
Barry Schneider: The 50% for 2025 is ending the year at a 50% utilization rate, 75% for 2026 is total capability.
Alexander Hacking: Okay, thank you. And then just to follow up, if I might, on the fab segment, you know, margins were very stable there last year, actually, you know, around 37% to 40% EBITDA margin, if my math is correct. I mean, is it too early to call that a new normal? It's obviously a lot higher than it was pre-COVID and lower than the kind of peak COVID years, but surprising amount of stability there. Any comments would be helpful, thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So you know Alex, as we talked about it in the past, we do believe that that whole industry went through a commercial change as it relates to pricing and what that means. And what I mean by that is that there was a product and a service that was probably not, probably was underpriced pre-COVID and there wasn't a recognition of the engineering and the value add that's a part of that. So yes, we right now if you look at 2024, those volumes were actually pretty low even for pre-COVID. And we would expect to see that change in 2025 and in the out years as we start to see what we believe is an environment that will support increased fixed asset investment which will therefore absolutely support increased steel consumption, steel joists and deck consumption and therefore, you know, more scrap required in the U.S. as well. So we see this as a pretty stabilized period of time with margins that are going to be higher on a go forward basis and on a mid-cycle basis.
Alexander Hacking: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bill Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Bennett on for Bill. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to get your thoughts on recent tightness in UBC scrap spreads and whether this could be a structural trend with greater demand from two new rolling mills ramping and China recently removing scrap import controls. And if you could also remind us what the expected scrap intensity will be across the three product groups out of ADI.
Mark Millett: Well, we don't anticipate this being a new norm. Aluminum scrap, steel scrap, they're incredibly efficient, effective markets. There is I think some emotion out there as we're getting into the market and people are doing some strange things, but I think it will normalize over time. The scrap across the -- individually I would say we're looking at for can stock at around 95% utilization, recycle content and when you get to the automotive grades, probably if I remember correctly, around 60%, 65%. Again we are absolutely focused on being best-in-class there. We do have OmniSource, the largest aluminum recycler in North America today. They've come up with some phenomenal sorting segregation capabilities just as we have over the years for steel scrap and the shredded obsolete flow. They're achieving the same capabilities in aluminum. So there's absolutely no doubt we will be best-in-class there going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for that detail. And as we think about losses moving forward, I think in the past, it was guided to around $25 million a quarter. You were a bit above that in the fourth quarter. Is that still a good guidepost or could we see them continue to move higher? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: As it relates to that, as we ramp up in the first half of the year, you will see some incremental increase. I think for the first quarter, it's still going to likely be in that $30 million to $35 million dollars range, but as they start to operate, you will see additional expenses come through until it's offset with sales, which Mark mentioned earlier should start in the June time frame. So, a little bit of incremental increase first half of the year before we start to see the offsets from operations.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Tumazos from Very Independent Research. Your line is live.
John Tumazos: Thank you. Could you give us some color contrasting the lightning blitzkrieg startup for the aluminum versus Sinton, where we're in the fourth year who were the equipment suppliers primarily for aluminum versus for Sinton? Are there issues at Sinton that the product mix is different than anticipated, narrower coils or more batchy or tougher to procure scrap or if there's nonprime steel, is it because of dirty scrap or the melt shop not getting the chemistry right or the rolling practice? It's just such a contrast. Aluminum is ahead of schedule and we are where we are in Sinton.
Mark Millett: Well John, great to hear from you. Thanks for supporting us and being on the call as you always are. I think the two projects are very, very different from a startup ramp up utilization perspective. I guess if you look at Sinton, that was essentially a new technology on the caster, that is generation. I don't know whether we call it generation three, four or five or whatever it is, but that is absolutely at the forefront of any technology for that sort of mill in the world. People are coming to us. In all honesty, they're wanting to replicate it in Europe and in Asia. With that new technology comes risk and issues and challenges. And given that, as you know, a CSP plant is a continual process from the very beginning, metal refining, casting, hot strip mill, any bug, any maintenance issue, any shutdown issue shuts the whole mill down. You compare and contrast that with the aluminum mill. The aluminum mill, it's state-of-the-art technology, but there's nothing new there, certainly way, way, way ahead of any technology in the US for sure. But in Asia, in China, these mills, the equipment, the SMS equipment has been supplied quite, quite broadly. So we're not sort of revolutionizing it or pioneering a new technology. The design of the plant, the layout of the plant is a lot more effective and efficient for sure. And there's a lot more batch nature to it. So for instance on the melting and casting side of it we have four units in Columbus. We have a fifth unit in San Luis Potosi and we have a sixth unit out on the West Coast. So again, you lose one, you have a problem with another that's not going to impact the startup for the next two years even if you're missing a couple of those units. So it is a definitely a different beast and we do expect that startup to be quite rapid.
Barry Schneider: John, if I could add the quality coming out of Sinton, we're actually quite pleased. We made this technology decision because of where we see the products being needed in the United States. So we've been very happy with high strength products. That product development is going very well. And not to get too specific, but high strength steels of various widths are under demand because that allows you to lighten the weight of things. We're also seeing really good response on the melting side. The steel making at that plant is very good. But as Mark spoke, when you have a continuous process, if you have an issue anywhere amongst the main hot side units, the whole side shuts down. So as the team gets better at making good decisions and operating with confidence, that's where we've seen these incredible gains. That's what the rest of our steelmaking team goes down there to support. It's mentoring. They know what they're doing. They're just making better and better decisions. But we're very happy with the quality. We're happy with should we see a boom in pipe and tube, we're developing those products because we have to be able to service all those markets. So we're excited about where we're at. We're excited with how the technology performs and it's been a rocky road. But at the same time, sometimes when you're first, you have these experiences. But we continue to put more and more capabilities in the mill so our sales team can go to the marketplace with those.
John Tumazos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey, I had a follow up, if I could. I just wanted to look at your balance sheet. I know at the year ago at this time, you said that you were planning to keep buybacks steady year-over-year and you did that. You know your cash and short-term investment position as far as I could see was the lowest in a decade. Is that an appropriate level and do you think that you would keep buyback steady from recent years levels? Thanks a lot.
Theresa Wagler: Well, I'm not sure it's the lowest in a decade, but I've been here too long. I've been here like 26 years. That being said, we feel very comfortable with the capital structure and the capital foundation. We do have another tranche of notes that are maturing here in the second quarter, so we'll be looking to refinance those. But yes Timna, we still plan on having a very active share repurchase program along with the complementary dividend increasing profile simply because as we start to see again the fruition Mark mentioned in his opening comments, we've in the last three years spent or last five years spent money for organic growth. Now we're going to start seeing the benefit from a cash stream perspective and an earnings stream perspective in 2025 and that will be a great resource for us to continue to again as I mentioned buy back company that we think is pretty well run at a pretty significant discount. So we don't see anything like that. We don't see anything changing from this point forward.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well again thank you everyone for joining us. And I guess as I reflect we on these calls tend to get driven into sort of near-term detail. But just to acknowledge those that our shareholders and those analysts that have literally started looking at us as a metals business and more of a perhaps an industrial type valuation. If you just look at our total shareholder return over the years, I mean you can't argue against it. I mean whether it's a one year or three year, five year, 10-year, I think the team has done an incredible job following through on what we've always said and that's a long-term value. We don't look at just building the company for the next six months. When you have a 10-year total shareholder return of 813% which is three, almost four times our best steel peer, and even the S&P 500 index at 255%. I mean we blow those statistics away and it's because of the of the business model the team has built over the last 15 or 20 years, essentially the foundation of the company. And so I would just thank those that recognize that and continue to support us. And then finally, again, to every single employee teammate out there, thank you for what you do. You're incredible. Be safe. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, October 17, 2024, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz : Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with our anticipated project returns in our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2021 Results.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter '24 earnings call. As you have read and seemingly many have concluded, our teams executed well through the quarter, achieving another solid financial and operational performance. Most gratifying to us to me, in particular, was achieving another great quarter for safety. The ramp-ups of our 4 new value-add flat-rolled steel coating lines have been an unqualified success with the expectation of full earnings benefit in 2025. These lines represent an additional 1.1 million tons of higher-margin product diversification for us. In Texas, despite a couple of challenges early in the quarter, the Sinton team gained considerable momentum, running at a 72% utilization rate of scheduled run time in September. We had extended periods in excess of 90%, and were achieved during that quarter. And I think it proves the mill's ultimate capability. Steel shipments were 3.2 million tonnes, third quarter revenues, $4.3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $557 million and cash flow from operations of $760 million. As I stated, we had a great quarter in terms of safety. Historically, the summer months can be a challenging period, but the teams reversed that trend this year with an excellent performance. Not only was that trend reversed that both our total recordable incident rate and lost time rates were the lowest in our history. Our employee dedication to our tape controller safety program is extraordinary. Our core safety teams visited 30 facilities in the third quarter alone, which is, I think, a clear testament to their commitment to keep each other safe. We continue to build a world-class safety culture and the positive results have been clearly demonstrated. 84% of our locations in the third quarter did not have a recordable injury. That's 104 locations out of our 124 and 94% of them did not have a lost time incident. I'm continually inspired by the commitment of our team members have for one another. They really truly consider themselves family and challenge the status quo every day to do better in every way. That's why we are so focused on providing the very best for the health, the safety and their welfare. That said, there's still a lot of work to do as we strive toward a 0 incident environment. But with that, I will pause for Theresa first and then Barry to add color for the quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. We really do appreciate you taking the time to be on the call with us this morning. And I want to add my thanks to our teams for a really solid performance this quarter. As Mark suggested, our third quarter 2024 net income was $318 million or $2.05 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $557 million. Third quarter 2024 revenue of $4.3 billion was below sequential second quarter results due to lower realized flat-rolled steel pricing tied to lagging contractual volume. Our third quarter operating income of $395 million, was 29% lower than sequential second quarter results driven by steel metal spread contraction as average realized pricing declined more than scrap raw material costs in the quarter. Our steel operations generated operating income of $305 million in the third quarter, lower than sequential results due to average realized pricing declining $79 and to $1,059 per ton, while total shipments were steady as increased flat-rolled volume offset lower structural and SBQ volume. For those of you that track our individual flat-rolled shipments quarter-by-quarter, in the third quarter, hot-rolled shipments were 942,000 tons. Cold-rolled shipments were 118,000 tons and coated shipments were 1,335 000 tons. For metals recycling operating income was $12 million, lower than sequential second quarter results due to lower realized pricing and volume. In addition, we had an unrealized noncash copper hedging loss of $10 million in September. We're the largest North American metals recycler processing and consuming ferrous scrap and nonferrous aluminum, copper and other metals, and we're growing in support of our increased steel and planned aluminum production investments through new and expanded relationships and through the use of innovative new separation technologies, I'm really proud of the team. They're also reducing operating costs very effectively. Our steel fabrication team achieved strong operating income of $166 million in the third quarter lower than second quarter results as a 5% decrease in realized pricing offset steady shipments. Order activity in the third quarter was the strongest we've seen this year, supporting our Joist Index backlog extending through the first quarter of 2025. As interest rates decline in public funding begins to be distributed post election and into 2025 and we expect to see increased fixed asset investment and corresponding demand drivers for steel and steel fabrication products next year. Regarding our aluminum investments, as a reminder, as we construct the aluminum facilities, non-capitalizable expenses are required to flow through SG&A until startup. As a result, our SG&A will be higher until we start operations in 2025. You have visibility to this amount provided in our supplemental data schedule for the third quarter, it was $24 million. We have expectations for aluminum investments to be EBITDA positive in the second half of 2025 and plan to operate the rolling mill at approximately 75% of its capacity in 2026. Mark is going to provide more details related to our ramp and product mix expectations later on the call as well as define our differentiated cost expectations. The construction of the rolling mill and the San Luis Potosi recycled slab center is going extremely well. Approximately $1.9 billion has already been invested through September of 2024, with expectations of funding between $350 million to $400 million in the fourth quarter and the remainder then to be spent in the first half of 2025. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable cost structure. During the third quarter of 2024, we generated cash from operations of $760 million. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $3.1 billion, comprised of cash and short-term investments of $1.9 billion and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. For the fourth quarter of '24, we believe capital investments will be in the range of $500 million to $550 million. Preliminarily, we believe 2025 capital investments will be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. We repurchased $970 million of our common stock year-to-date 2024, representing 4.5% of our outstanding shares and as of September 30, we have $486 million remaining available for share repurchases. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program while we remain dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. Our track record has proven achieving 5-year after-tax return on invested capital of 24% during a period of transformational growth and strong shareholder returns. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last 5 years from an annual average of $540 million to $2.9 billion, excluding our large strategic Sinton and aluminum investments. In July, we successfully issued $600 million of investment-grade notes with a 10-year tenure in anticipation of repaying $400 million of our notes that are due this December. Before I conclude, I want to thank the decarbonization and biocarbon teams. I'm proud of them and excited about the recent announcement concerning our new certified science-based greenhouse gas emissions intensity targets for our steel mills, which are aligned with the 1.5-degree Celsius scenario set forth in the Paris agreement. In fact, our steel mills are already well ahead of that curve. We recently set both 2050 emissions intensity target, which is aligned with the International Energy Agency's net 0 by 2050 industry targets. And an interim 2030 target, which represents a 15% reduction in our greenhouse gas intensity. These targets were established using the Global Steel Climate Council's steel climate standard of which we are a founding member. The biocarbon project is also going incredibly well with expectations for a first quarter 2025 start. Sustainability is a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. We uniquely have an actionable path toward carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive that may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey, and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. Thank you. Barry?
Barry Schneider: Thank you, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations performed well in the third quarter, achieving historically strong earnings and steady volume in the quarter. Our steel fabrication order backlog remains at a healthy level, extending through the first quarter of 2025. We remain optimistic as it relates to demand for the steel joist and deck markets over the next number of years. Based on a moderating interest rate environment, continued manufacturing onshoring, and public funding for infrastructure and other fixed asset investment programs. The uplift from this macro environment could be considerable for this platform as well as our steel operations. Our steel fabrication platform also provides meaningful volume support for our steel operations, which allows us to constantly operate at a higher through-cycle utilization rate. It also mitigates the financial risk of lower steel prices. The metals recycling team did a good job navigating a challenging marketing -- market environment in the third quarter. There were a number of domestic steel outages, which decreased ferrous scrap demand coupled with pricing volatility. Ferrous scrap prices have stabilized, and we believe should remain relatively stable through the rest of the year subject to seasonal moves. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap generating customers. Our Mexican recycling locations competitively advantage our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They also strategically support increased procurement of aluminum scrap for our future flat-rolled aluminum operations. Our metals recycling team is partnering even more closely with both steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through process and technology solutions. This helps mitigate potential prime ferrous scrap supply issues in the future. It also provides us with a significant advantage to increase the recycled content in our aluminum flat rolled products and increase our earnings opportunities. The steel team also had a solid quarter, achieving steady shipments of 3.2 million tons. During the third quarter of 2024, the domestic steel industry operated at an estimated production utilization rate of 78% while our steel mills operated at a rate of 86%, excluding our Sinton operation. We consistently operated at higher utilization rates due to our value-added steel product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions and the support of our internal manufacturing business. The higher through-cycle utilization of our steel mills is one of our key competitive advantages, supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Our realized average flat-rolled steel price declined in the quarter due to contract lags, but prices stabilized and improved in the quarter. Positively, value-added flat-rolled steel pricing spreads remained resilient, supporting our earnings as we are the largest producer of these products in North America and growing. Our activity is solid heading into the fourth quarter with normal seasonal trends expected, in general, our flat-rolled steel mill lead times are actually at levels higher than we've seen over the last 6 months. Underlying steel demand remains steady, but a surge in steel imports put pressure on the supply dynamics in certain product areas, specifically for coated flat-rolled steel products. In response, we levied a trade case, and we expect to get a preliminary ruling from the ITC in a few weeks. Our Sinton, Texas, flat-rolled steel mill team successfully completed needed changes early in the quarter to access 100% of the mills north capacity. The team experienced some difficulty ramping back up after the outage. However, the reliability of the mill improved dramatically in September, and the company believes Sinton's product utilization rate will increase around 75% for the fourth quarter of 2024. Also, the additional 2 new value-added coating lines were successfully commissioned and have commenced operations, improving the mills value-add product mix and through cycle earning capability. Regarding the steel mill market environment, North American automotive production estimates for 2024, where we recently revised to stable production over the next several years. Automotive dealer inventories also continue to remain below historical norms. Nonresidential construction remained stable with slowdowns across some industries. However, we believe moderating interest rates will unlock pent-up project work and create new opportunities in 2025. Additionally, onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further support to fixed asset investment and related construction oriented products. As for the energy market, the solar industry continues to grow and be a meaningful part for both our Flat Rolled Products and structural sections. Oil and gas also remained steady. Looking forward, we are optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing dynamics as we end 2024 and get ready to enter 2025.
Mark Millett : Super. Thanks Theresa. Thank you, Barry. Well it's more than evident that our performance-driven employee-centric culture in combination with a proven highly diversified value-added business model drives superior through-cycle financial metrics. Our consistently strong operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies, allowing a balanced cash allocation strategy that has consistently delivered best-in-class shareholder returns. For instance, our investment strategy achieved a 3-year return on invested capital of 32% from '21 through '23 compared to only 12% per the S&P 500. And our disciplined high-return investment approach continues. As I said, the 4 value-added flat-rolled steel coating lines are increasing volume and performing very well from a quality perspective. These types of high-return investments are key to our value-added product and supply chain differentiation strategies. As I mentioned also, Sinton continues to improve its operational reliability, with expectations for strong production capability in 2025. Our recent aluminum growth strategy is especially compelling. The market environment in aluminum is not unlike the steel industry was when we started SDI 30-plus years ago. It has older assets, heavy legacy costs, a lot of the facilities are inefficient and high cost, and they've had -- the industry in general has had a difficulty in earning the cost of capital. And hence, there's been little investment in facilities and new technologies in recent years. But unlike our steel entry, the one huge positive is that the -- there's a significant deficit in aluminum, just in North America in general. And that deficit is expected to grow considerably. There's a clear business alignment, they leverage our core competencies. Core competency of construction and operational know-how. And one only asked to look at the drone video on our website to see the extraordinary progress the team has made to constructing the new mills. It also will leverage our performance-driven culture, driving higher efficiency and lower cost operations. It also level Omni's recycling footprint. As Theresa suggested, we're the largest North American aluminum scrap recycler. And we also are developing some in-house new technologies to separate the 5,000 and 6,000 series alloys. It's a very, very cost-effective and a high-return growth opportunity for us. Construction of the expansive rolling mill in Columbus, Mississippi, as I said, is proceeding at an extraordinary pace. And I believe the aluminum industry is now recognizing that we truly will be a force to be reckoned with. The future customer base across all sectors is excited to have a new market entrant that is known to be innovative, customer-centric and responsive to their needs. Commercial arrangements are being put in place to match an order book to our ramp-up needs in 2025. Responses from existing and new customers across the markets remains incredible as the first for new supply. As in Sinton, we are developing an on-site industrial part to locate aluminum processing and consuming facilities. The arrangements are currently being negotiated that would create approximately 100,000 tons of annual tonne of processing capability per year. And as our project has become a visible reality and our reputation permeates the aluminum industry, aluminum professionals have been knocking at our door. And we've been building on a phenomenal team with an in-depth knowledge of aluminum operations, commercial markets, process technology and customer service. For those that may not have heard in our last call, the scope of the facility. It's a state-of-the-art 650,000 metric tonne a year aluminum flat road facility located in Columbus, Mississippi. We'll have an optimized mix of 300,000 tonnes of can start, 230,000 tonnes of auto and 130,000 tons of industrial and construction products when we're up fully running. The actual site in Columbus, Mississippi has a melt cash and lab capacity of 600,000 metric tons, and it's going to be supported by 2 satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers located in UBC scrap rich regions. We expanded the project scope to include, as I said, additional scrap processing and segregation technologies to maximize aluminum recycled content. These in-house developed technologies are currently operating successfully separating the 5000 and 6000 series alloys on a commercial basis every day. The team plans to begin production of slabs in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, in the first quarter of 2025. We will commission the Columbus cash outs in the first quarter, downstream lines in the second quarter, with commercial shipments in mid-2025 and that is absolutely on schedule. In 2025, we plan to begin production with a product mix weighted to industrial and construction products as we qualify our Can sheet in 25 and auto products into 26. We anticipate production to grow to 50% of our annual rate by the end of 2025 and expect 75% capacity in 2026. The project is expected to add $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA, and we should generate approximately $40 million to $50 million through the resegment platform in addition to that. Although this computes to a higher EBITDA per tonne than the industry has experienced in the past, we're confident in that projection. And the most significant savings are in 4 key areas: labor, recycled content, yield and logistics. Labor, we should have a reduced workforce of perhaps 700 to 750 people versus perhaps 1,200 or more in a conventional facility of this size. We have optimized plant layout and material flow. We'll have a centralized automated storage system, so there'll be no touch from slab to truck and our proven performance-based incentive-driven culture will drive high productivity, high efficiency and low cost. And we will have no legacy costs. So for those who dare the impact, I would just ask you to look at what our teams have done throughout our steel operations over the years. Recycle content. Again, we will lever our metals recycling platform to drive higher recycled content. We have the largest nonferrous operations, recycling operations as has already been stated. -- we also have a secondary aluminum facility that has been operating for many years that will be additive. We're locating satellite facilities close to the UBC rich areas to the west and in Mexico. And again, leverage the sorting technologies. The yield will be improved. We do believe it's going to be a new facility, state-of-the-art equipment and technologies. The scalping technology is absolutely state of the arm and will minimize material removal. And we're actually processing through the facility supersized coils, produce less heads, less tails, less line stops, all adding to lower yield losses. In logistics, again, locating slab centers close to rich areas will be a huge benefit as well. So the excitement within our company and particularly at the ADI sites, continues to grow as our teams recognize their ability to help revolutionize the U.S. aluminum industry as they did in steel. We're impassioned by our current and future growth plans as they will continue to drive the high return growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. The earnings growth of these new projects is compelling. The capital spending for Sinton, the 4 value ad lines and aluminum dynamics is approximately 85% complete with an estimated collective future through-cycle annual EBITDA contribution of over $1.4 billion. As a prominent institutional portfolio manager recently pointed out to us, Steel Dynamics has grown to an incredibly resilient cash-generating business, driven by the best teams in the world. We said in the last 5 years, you've invested billions of dollars in organic strategic growth. You earned a return on invested capital of 24% compared to the S&P 500 at only 12%. You've increased your cash dividend over 90%. You repurchased over 30% of your outstanding shares or the while maintaining best-in-class investment-grade credit metrics. We said it's better than a textbook capital allocation lesson. And obviously, somewhat biased, I agree. And I'm excited as investors recognize the power and consistency of our through-cycle cash generation, combined with our consistent and high return capital allocation strategy. And it's our belief that the steel industry has undergone a paradigm shift in recent years, a shift that will further support our earnings profile. There's a pervasive sense of mercantilism, which will provide a level plan field through continued and appropriate trade relief. We have COVID-driven supply chain dislocations, which have accelerated reinsuring of manufacturing. Decarbonization should materially steepen the global cost curve, providing SDI a huge competitive advantage to gain market share and increase metal spreads as our mills have some of the lowest carbon footprints in the world. AI and cloud computing should support nonresidential construction through data center buildout. And there will be growing fixed asset investment driven by the inflation reduction chips act and other public monies. In turn, with the interest rates moderating, demand will be strong, we do believe going into and through 2025. So in closing, we've been blessed with good fortune and our people are our foundation. I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication. We're committed to them. And I remind those listening today that your safety for yourselves, your families and each other is our highest priority. Our culture and business model continue to differentiate our performance leading to best-in-class financial metrics. We're an integrated metals business, providing enhanced lower carbon supply chain solutions to our customers. in turn, mitigating volatility in our cash flow generation and providing enhanced shareholder returns and value to all participants. We truly look forward to creating new opportunities for everyone today, tomorrow and in the years ahead. So with that said, we will open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Martin Englert with Seaport Research Partners.
Martin Englert: You briefly touched on this in the prepared remarks, but for the greenfield aluminum project, are there any other key personnel additions that are still needed. And could you just more broadly touch on the general labor market and how you found the process of filling the needs there.
Mark Millett: Certainly, I think the there are no key folks or talent needed from a skill set of experience. We are pretty well built out, but we will always, always talk to anyone who wants to join us. So the management team, I think, is absolutely solid. It's a blend, a combination of seasoned aluminum folks, managers, leaders alongside our SDI proven leaders, and so you'll get the blend of aluminum experience and knowledge base with the cultural performance-driven sort of passion that we have within Steel Dynamics. So I'm incredibly, incredibly impressed by the team. It's actually a much better location and finding talent is not an easy thing nowadays, but compared to the challenges that we experienced in Sinton I think it's a much, much better location. Fortunately, we have one of our large flat rolled steel facilities right across the road. That's allowing again a transfer of people at all levels. And they can transfer over without moving the families and dislocating their lives. And so that is a huge benefit for us as well. So no, we're excited by the team there.
Martin Englert: Excellent. If I could, one last one in steel fabrication with more recent sales that you've had that have been added into the backlog over the past month or 2, are you seeing any pockets of pricing strength relative to where you had been?
Theresa Wagler: Martin, I would suggest that heading into the fourth quarter, we're going to see that normal seasonality that you typically see in anything that's tied to construction. But as we look at 2025, we definitely think that there's opportunity for not just price support, but price appreciation as we've talked about interest rate changes and additional demand coming from public funding, et cetera. So we're feeling really good with the steady aspect of what we've seen in the last 6 to 9 months. And now we'll just get through the fourth quarter seasonality and then head towards what we think is going to be a really robust 2025.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Katja Jancic with BMO Capital Markets.
Katja Jancic: Right now, 80% of your business is contractually based. Does that change with further symptom ramp up? Or should we continue to see about 80% contractual?
Barry Schneider: Katja, this is Barry Schneider. Contractual relationships are a big part of our value-added supply chain solutions. So as we've increased our paint lines and our coating lines, it keeps that concentration about in that 70% to 80% range. We anticipated this growth with our new lines. So I would see us being in the same kind of market, perhaps a little bit less in the future once we get the established customer bases and work out the supply chains in each region.
Mark Millett: Just to clarify, I think you recognize it, but the 80% contractual is on the flat rolled side of our business. We obviously have a whole bunch of other stuff being a very, very diversified provider, which is more in the kind of the spot day to day.
Katja Jancic: Okay. Maybe just one quick one. Barry, I think you mentioned that Sinton had a bit of a challenge starting up after maintenance, if I'm not mistaken. What was the issue there?
Barry Schneider: Just whenever we work with high-voltage systems, you have kind of a normal making sure everything is safe as you ramp up. So having the team  the outage was about 4 days. And it was just a little bit slow to get back up to regular running rates. Its not unheard of in our industry. It was just worth noting because we did so much work. The team was really resolve some of those high-power problems weve had from the beginning, and we safely were able to do that. So all in all, I consider it a good outage the team did very well. But it wasnt like turning a light on and off. Its just a little bit more complicated with that high voltage.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser with BNP Paribas Exane.
Tristan Gresser: First one is just on the increase in spreads in metal spreads for your long portfolio. Where did you see more strength? And maybe if you can discuss a little the differentiated outlook for your structural or shape or whatever drove that strength that would be appreciated to get your perspective on your loan product business.
Barry Schneider: This is Barry. The scrap that we're able to move to our mills from the metals recycling platform is really beneficial because we find the best value and the timeliness of our supply chain allows us to really optimize that. So having the right material at the right time is essential for that business to really to get the value from it. As we look specifically at long products, our structural and heavy section mill in Columbia City is not just a heavy section mill, is also a railroad -- the largest railroad producer in the country. So we have a nice balance of where we tend to move our products. So as the markets tend to change over time, we're always able to optimize into the right product mix for the opportunity and make sure that we keep our regular customers invested and they understand what we're doing. So having that diversification of product across all of our business is essential when we're looking at how we're moderating quarter-to-quarter with the natural flow of business. So long products remains very resilient. We're excited about the opportunities that we see coming, particularly with the investment and reshoring opportunities.
Tristan Gresser: All right. That's helpful. And maybe a follow-up just on the update carbonized trade case you mentioned and the potential impact of that. I understand Vietnam being part of the investigation, but I think there has been a push to include certain countries like Canada and also Mexico. And given your exposure to Mexico, can you explain a little bit the rationale behind including those countries in the investigation?
Mark Millett: Yes, sir. The  there was actually 10 countries involved in the investigation. And each of those countries, there was very demonstrative increases in the actual tons that have surged through those various countries into American markets and the necessity of including Canada and Mexico, was because of the volume of tons that are coming through those countries. The U.S. MCA is a great treaty that we all enjoy. We do good business based on that. In that agreement, there is provisions to do just what we did, which is engage the ITC for antidumping and countervailing duties cases, the numbers are staggering. And in many cases, these tons are not melt to report in those countries, but theyre flowing from some of the other countries listed. So as theres problems in Asia, that puts pressure on that part of the world, and they all want to flow to our shores. So this mechanism is expensive, its lengthy, but its necessary to make sure that the competitive markets that we have in our United States are truly fair trade. So I think the process will render out what the appropriate duties are in each country. And if there truly was less damage for some of those countries, the final tariff amounts will reflect that. So it is something that was absolutely necessary. And as we watch, we dont ask for handouts or protection. We just ask for a fair field to play the game on. And this is all part of that process.
Operator: Next question is coming from Carlos Diaba with Morgan Stanley.
Carlos de Alba: Maybe continuing with the conversation on the antidumping case. Somewhat related, the spread between galvanizing steel and cold-rolled coil has been depressed, you low level is probably not economical. If the antidumping investigation doesn't go your way, or even if you don't see a big improvement if it does, what is the dynamics as a leader in this sector prepared to do to maybe enhance those spreads?
Barry Schneider: Carlos, this is Barry again. We do anticipate great success with these trade cases, especially with certain of these countries that were the most egregious offenders, but we routinely evaluate how we move our flat rolled products through our process lines. So we routinely move hot rolled all the way through the process into galvanized and painted. We make those decisions about where the margins are. So we've been having very good success in dealing with these pressures over the last 12 months. And you can see from our earnings results that we're finding a solution to the problem. It has to do with -- we have so much diversity in our product mix that we respond to where we can go and be safe. So I believe the ITC will come back favorable, particularly with some of the more egregious offenders and that does create an opportunity for us to go balance into a more a product mix that is more perhaps friendly to those times.
Carlos de Alba: If I may squeeze another one...
Mark Millett: If I could just add, you've heard us say before, we don't manage to hope nor do we manage and make strategic decisions based on, we think, trade or policy of any nature is going to go one way or the other. You have to take control of your own destiny. And I think the teams year-over-year do an absolutely phenomenal job further diversifying our product mix. I think I don't know what the recent number is 65%, 70% of our flat-rolled product mix, 65% is value add. And when we say value-add, I'm talking about really value-add. When you get into prepaint and you get into the coating developments that the teams have achieved. And most recently, they've got into this digital print stuff that literally is absolutely phenomenal. Wood grains for the Garage Door, folks and architectural. You just have to have innovation and creativity continuing to drive up the product mix. So no matter what happens, we will succeed and no matter where the trade goes, to be honest.
Theresa Wagler: And the thing that Mark and Barry talked about, but without saying the exact words, the supply chain differentiation that we have. with all the products that you just spoke about. And so that's the key for us.
Carlos de Alba: Right. Just if I may squeeze another one on the sea fabrication business. Any further details on pricing? I think Barry, maybe I missed this, but I think Barry talked about stable pricing from current levels from what you saw in the third quarter. But any further color there or on volumes, how you expect that going forward?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, Carlos, thanks for the question. But again, were pretty consistent. We wont talk about pricing and commercial things as it relates to that. The commercial team they would be outside my door and theyd be ready to do bad things. So we cant do that. But from a volume perspective, we do expect regular seasonality here in the fourth quarter as it relates to the construction-related businesses, which deal fabrication is one. But we do expect to see much stronger volumes next year, which should support pricing as well.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Lawson Winder with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lawson Winder: And thanks for the update today. Barry, maybe I think this question would be best directed to you. Could you just walk us through the path from 72% utilization at Sinton in September to your optimal utilization. What is that optimal fully ramp utilization? And what are the remaining bottlenecks and steps to resolve that? And if possible time lines when you hit that number?
Barry Schneider: Yes. Lawson, I'll try to articulate why we have confidence in what the Sinton team is doing. And the first major thing is reducing the unplanned downtime. So when things happen, as the teams not only develop themselves as teammates, but also as competency develops, they're able to address issues that they occur. So we've been making significant strides at reducing the unplanned downtime. Necessary to make that happen is improving the reliability of the equipment in the plant. As you may know, our flat-rolled steel mills are actually coupled units where we go from the furnace to the hot rolling mill as one coupled unit. And to make that happen as various parts of the system have normal issues, it can impact the other units. So what we're seeing now and we've seen days, we've seen weeks now we've seen months of continuous reduction of unplanned downtime, better reliability of the equipment, and also just as important, making sure that all the products that are actually being produced are able to get to higher value destinations through the mill, whether it's selling it as hot rolled, cold-rolled or coated products. So as we see each of the units in the mill respond, we see the uptime increasing. We see the yields getting better and better. And as we start controlling the cost situation, we see a very good path towards this facility running well. We have had weeks that we're nearly at capacity. And that, again, is more reasons we have confidence in what we see. So we see kind of the watershed moments happening under our feet. We anticipate fourth quarter to finish strong, and it really sets the stage for 2025 to really allow this facility to show the stakeholders what they've been doing and how well they've been earning it down there. I hope that helps.
Lawson Winder: Yes. The color is definitely helpful. And then maybe if I could, just a follow up to that, I think it's probably directed toward Theresa I mean when you think of Sinton now kind of being there or close to being where you need it to be and you look at the dividend consideration for February. Could we anticipate that the dividend increase in February might be more material than we've seen more recently? And then how will the aluminum dynamics start up factor into that decision effect.
Theresa Wagler: That is a very good question, Lawson, a very tricky question. So the Board is who determines what the dividend will be, and youre correct. We like to keep a positive dividend profile that generally happens in the first quarter of each year. And I would anticipate the same absent any extraneous things occurring this year as well. We do expect to have certain significant EBITDA contributor next year, which it hasnt been up to this point. So thats a significant change in the earnings profile. That being said, wed like to see how Sinton operates in 2025. So I would expect to see a positive dividend move, but I cant really speak to the magnitude of that at this point in time. As it relates to the aluminum assets starting in 2025, very excited about that. As I mentioned in my prepared notes, we do expect those investments to be EBITDA positive in the second half of 2025, which is pretty extraordinary. So well really start to see that benefit 2026. So I would think that would generally be kind of a time frame to think about how that contributes to through-cycle cash flow and positive possible dividend moves.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to probe a bit more of the status of the value-add lines ramp up, ramping up the 4 lines between paint and coated galv. Just looking at the volumes, it wasn't clear to me like what utilization you have those lines at and what we might have yet to see play out as they ramp up.
Barry Schneider: Timna, this is Barry. The line -- all 4 of the new lines we added are actually operating at somewhere around 65% to 75%. As we discussed with the trade cases, we've seen some pressure in certain coated products, particularly Galvalume. So we are trying to make sure we're efficiently running those lines and making sure we don't waste money by operating it at levels that perhaps we could do with the existing lines. So what we look at is the ability to really allow each line to do the proper product mix to be very efficient and to be very good yields. So we're really excited with what we've seen. The Terre Haute operations are definitely improving the opportunity for that facility to reach more markets, diversifying that product mix there by adding a second coding opportunity with Galvalume and with the prepaying opportunity. has really opened up relationships with new customers as well as existing customers who needed those products in that region. And at Sinton, the additional lines really allow us to have a more efficient operation between our galvanized coatings and our Galvalume coatings. So it might be a bit technical, but we're really excited how the lines perform. The quality itself has been very good. And that is difficult with these type of products. These are -- a lot of this new capacity is prepainted markets, which have very demanding customer base. So we've been really excited to see how the teams have responded and the sales team continues to bring new opportunities to the mills to [indiscernible].
Theresa Wagler: Timna, as it relates to their contribution to earnings, I would say that, that really hasn't been significantly impactful up to this point. So as a reminder, the 4 lines were about a $600 million investment. And generally, the paint and galvanizing lines for us, given our supply chain differentiation have a payback period of anywhere between 2 and 3 or 2.5 years. So pretty significant. You're going to start to really see their impact in 2025, I think as everything gets ramped up.
Mark Millett: And just one follow-up thought at Sinton. Obviously, the volume throughput on those lines is a little inhibited right now because the hot side not being at full capacity. So as you see, as we increase the throughput on the hot side, the volume through those 2 lines down there will increase in tandem.
Timna Tanners: Okay. That's really helpful. So for modeling purposes, if we look at the, what, $1.3 million plus tons in the quarter of galvanized that represents about -- or galvanizing coated, that represents about 65% of the new capacity ramping up. So we have yet to see that remaining 1/3 or so flow through, and we would expect that conditional to the imports coming off. Is that fair?
Theresa Wagler: So in that coated number, its not just our lines that youre seeing Timna. And no, it wouldnt show like shipments of that  at that rate because you also have our our United Steel Supply and you have other processing facilities rolling through that that arent really included in a lot of the benefit of the additional volume in the third quarter actually came through different avenues. So theres  I think  I would suggest theres more volume that still the benefit. Its not just a 1/3.
Operator: Next question is coming from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson: Maybe following up some of the questions around utilization and also run the last question, too. Can you help us understand if Sinton's profitability meaningfully improved in the third quarter. I think it was around breakeven in the second quarter. And then on the 4 new coating lines, are these profitable yet? And I guess obviously related to some of the trade questions you were answering earlier, but if they're not, when would you expect them to be profitable?
Theresa Wagler: So from the perspective of Sinton, No. In the third quarter, because we had additional outage time that Barry actually mentioned and because we had additional maintenance costs related to that. Sinton wasn't EBITDA positive in the third quarter, but we have full expectations that it will be in the fourth quarter and certainly next year. As it relates to the lines, they're really integral into the operations of the steel mills themselves. So to answer that question a little bit difficult. Again, I would tell you, as Mark mentioned earlier, Barry and now I will for a third time, we expect the value-add lines to really benefit 2025. So as you think about your modeling, I would add that as an additional benefit for us that's outside of just normal market dynamics.
Bill Peterson: Great. And on sort of the lower carbon items, and thanks for providing the color there. It looks like on the biocarbon project in particular, it looks like it's going to be a few quarters before operation. But what means to be done before operational start? And then I guess, when do you plan to introduce internally produced biocarbon into your steel production flows? Do you have -- is there -- I mean, is there a need for customer commitments for the products with this biocarbon or you do expect the premium for products coming using that product?
Theresa Wagler: That's a good question. I would hope to have a premium, but Barry's laughing at me. So the biocarbon facility, the team is doing a great job. It's still under construction. And again, everything is pointing toward a first quarter 2025 start. We will have that product. It's already been fully tested at each of the steel mills that we'll be receiving it. We don't have enough product to satisfy all of the carbon needs at our steel mills, but a majority of it, so we'll start using that and easing that into the product mix for the steel mills as we enter the first half of next year. As far as whether or not there's premium charged to that product, that's just going to be part of our decarbonization journey. So it's going to be used as a matter of whether -- it's not for a specific customer necessarily.
Mark Millett: Yes. Theresa, I would just add on that, that we dont need customer approvals for this product. Its so early in the process that the use of what kind of carbon doesnt factor into what the final steel product will actually how it will perform. And I would think of it as its not a binary decision or its one or the other. So the path towards introducing this to the mills will really flow based on how the startup goes in the proximity and how the teams respond to it. The trials that have been done have been very successful through the Aymium pilot facility. So we have a good working knowledge going into this. And the melt shop teams are regularly meeting with the biocarbon team. And were excited about it. Its a beautiful plant down in Mississippi.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Andrew Jones with UBS.
Andrew Jones: Just on the market range environment. I mean we hear the comments we've made on the positive outlook and potential for demand to recover. But just in a more pessimistic, Mark you are aware that doesn't happen, Big River 2 starts to come through. Maybe you don't get the same trade protection that you are hoping for. I mean -- what would you consider doing within your portfolio to kind of do your bit to help to balance the market? I mean, would it change your production plans in any way? Or would you be an active participant in trying to write the market? Or do you see as just a low-cost producer and you can essentially take share and expect others potentially draw out at the higher end of the curve, how do you look at 2025 in that more pessimistic store?
Mark Millett: Firstly, we're not pessimistic. We're very, very constructive on the future market in 2025. There are too many things there that will drive that. And our customer base, in general, our customer base is very, very positive for '25. You should have a lower interest rate environment that will kick start nonresidential construction. New Millennium right now, the order book, the order -- the engineering, the whole flow of things is strong. It just needs a slightly lower interest rate environment for those developers to push buttons and move forward. So again, I just want to emphasize, we're constructive on the marketplace. Just in general, and it's not a matter of 2025 or it's just a matter of any market cycle. We will produce to what our customer base requires quite simply.
Andrew Jones: Okay.
Mark Millett: Sorry, if I can, just -- and I think one has to recognize part of our whole business model, it revolves around just that. We recognize that the markets are cyclical in our business. And so over the years since the very beginning, 30 years ago, we have always focused on a very diversified product mix. That product mix is value add, very diverse across actual products, but also markets. That allows you a huge, huge, huge flexibility as markets ebb and flow. A very, very strong part of our strategy has always also been the pull-through volume. So if you look today, New Millennium, they consume about 600,000 tonnes, I think, what they're about last year, maybe a little bit more of the products that we make. The conversion facilities at Heartland. They've got roughly 800,000 tons of capability. You have the tax, they have about 800,000 tonne capability. So in all, our internal sort of substrate requirements is well over 2 million tonnes. We supply some of that internally, but Barry and his team also procures a lot in the marketplace. So we're actually one of the strangely, and a lot of people don't recognize it, but we're one of the largest buyers sheet products in the U.S. today. That pull-through volume can flex. So if you look at our utilization rates through cycle, those utilization rates are always superior to any of our peers because of the value-add diverse product mix and also the pull-through volume that we have internally. So even if it does come off a little bit, you will see that we retain our strong cash recycle cash generation capability without that.
Andrew Jones: Okay. Fair enough. But no major closures of higher cost lines or older lines or any sort of reaction to kind of volumes potentially displacing volumes [indiscernible] else in the portfolio, that's not on the agenda.
Mark Millett: I didnt hear that.
Theresa Wagler: Thats okay. You would say no. No.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research.
John Tumazos: Looking out a couple of years, which sectors do you think are most fertile for the next big investment. This year, U.S. aluminum demand is trending up 5%. Steel has been down in apparent demand 5 out of 6 years now. Lots of companies have built a lot of steel capacity. Did we expect that aluminum or recycling or some other new area is the candidate for the next big project in 2026 or '27 or '28.
Mark Millett: Well, firstly, John, we will always take your questions, sir. The  as I look across the  our portfolio, were not strong on the recycled markets just in general, where there are regional focused opportunities to vulcanize our supply chains. We certainly will anticipate that or look at that. But I think we have a good recycle sort of platform. You will see us grow here and there to expand our aluminum supply chain. But thats well, it wont be meaningful dollars to do that. On the steel side, I think youre correct. I dont see the opportunity necessarily for another 3 million tonne a year greenfield site. Were not  as you know, were not in business just to grow big for the sake of it. We want to differentiate our value chain. We want to always sort of diversify.  that the team has identified several value-add opportunities, products that we dont make today. And those are sort of percolating in the background and youll see over time us continuing to lever those higher-value products. Aluminum is obviously new to us. We want to walk before we run. Get the first mill up. But theres no doubt the volume growth in aluminum going forward will be much stronger than steel and gives rise to opportunity there. As youve seen strategy in the past in steel, the move downstream again into value-add products in aluminum, capitalize on prepaint expertise. I think you will see that also.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks. Well, super. Well, for any of our employees and our teams out there that are still on the call, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for what you do. You're an incredible, incredible team doing incredible things. We can't do what we do without a loyal customer base. And again, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your support over the years. We will continue to try and bring value and create value for you. Shareholders that are on the line that own us, thank you. Those investors that don't own us, all I can say is you should. So from SDI and every employee. Thank you for all those that support us. Have a great, great, great day and be safe.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 18, 2024, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz : Thank you, Matt. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date maybe forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting out new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel metal recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Example of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett : Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Appreciate you being with us on our second quarter 24 earnings call. As you likely read, our teams achieved a solid second quarter financial and operational performance. I think most gratifying was achieving another great quarter for safety. Teams have been commissioning and ramping up four new value-added flat rolled steel coating lines at a record rapid pace, which is adding 1.1 million tons of higher margin product diversification. We're experiencing some challenges in the second quarter. The Sinton team continues to make progress, gaining full access to their melting capacity this past week. Steel shipments for the quarter with 3.2 million tons, revenues were $4.6 billion, adjusted EBITDA $686 million. Cash flow from operations was $383 million. I remain incredibly proud of the Steel Dynamics team. They are family. It's an honor and pleasure to be honest to be part of the team that looks out for one another and that strives for excellence each and every day. And that's why we're so focused on providing the very best for their health, their safety and their welfare. We're actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation each and every day. That's significant impact the team continues to be deeply focused on our take controller safety program that is yielding an even better safety culture. But as I always say, there's more to do and we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries. So with that said, Theresa, would you like to add some color to the quarter?
Theresa Wagler : Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us and thanks to teams for another followed performance. Our second quarter 2024 net income was $428 million or $2.72 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $686 million. Second quarter 2004 revenue of $4.6 billion was slightly below sequential first quarter results due to lower realized steel pricing. Our second quarter operating income of $559 million was 26% lower than first quarter results driven by steel metal spread contraction as pricing declined more than scrap raw material costs. Our steel operations generated operating income of $442 million, 34% lower sequentially due to average realized pricing declining $63 to $1,138 per ton, while total shipments were generally steady. Uniquely, all of our steel mills, except for Roanoke had planned maintenance outages in the second quarter, which impacted utilization and related conversion costs for the quarter. Additionally, our Sinton, Texas flat rolled steel division operated close to 60% of capacity for the quarter compared to almost 70% in the first quarter due to required outages to implement needed changes, which Barry will describe in a moment. Operating income from our mills recycling operations was $32 million, significantly higher than sequential first quarter results despite lower realized pricing as volumes increase and the team continues to gain operating efficiencies. As many of you already know, we're the largest North American metals recycler processing and consuming ferrous scrap and non- ferrous aluminum, copper and other metals. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations and shortly also our aluminum flat rolled operations. Our steel fabrication team achieved strong operating income of $181 million in the second quarter, slightly higher than first quarter sequential results. Earnings were supported with an 11% increase in shipments more than compensating for a 5% reduction in realized pricing. Our joists and deck backlog extends to the fourth quarter of 2024. Infrastructure Inflation Reduction Act, DOE, decarbonization support and manufacturing onshoring are expected to increase domestic fixed asset investment and in turn related flat and long product steel consumption and joists and deck in consumption later this year and in the coming years. A reminder, as we construct the aluminum facilities, non-capitalizable expenses are required to flow through SG&A until startup, so you'll see increased costs in this line item until we start operations mid-2025. This amount was $19 million in the second quarter. Our supplemental schedule provides visibility as a separate aluminum segment. We estimate that average similar costs of approximately $25 million per quarter will occur through the first half of 2025. We have expectations to be EBITDA positive in the second half of 2025 for our aluminum investments with plans to initially ramp with industrial type products, as we qualify our can sheet and automotive products. We expect to be operating the rolling mill at approximately 75% of its capability for the full year 2026 and full thereafter. Mark is going to provide more details related to our ramp and product mix expectations for aluminum investments later on the call, as well as our differentiated cost expectations. The construction of the aluminum rolling mill and the San Luis Potosi recycled slab center is going extremely well. We want to reaffirm the total project costs at $2.7 billion of which $1.5 billion has already been invested through June of 2024. For the remainder of 2024, we expect to invest another $900 million in the aluminum investments. And finally, in 2025, the remaining $250 million. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable cost structure. During the second quarter of 2024, we generated cash flow from operations of $383 million. Inventories were moderately higher in the quarter as we increased product ahead of our new value-added flat roll coding lines. Additionally, estimated tax payments were $273 million in the quarter, representing a 23% cash tax rate for the first half of the year. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $2.7 billion, comprised of cash and short-term investments of $1.5 billion and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion for 2024. We believe total capital investments will be in the range of $2 billion of which we have already funded $793 million this year. In February, we increased our quarterly cash dividend 8% to $0.46 per common share, continuing our positive dividend profile as through cycle cash flow grows. We also repurchased $607 million of our common stock in 2024, representing 3% of our outstanding shares. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high return strategic growth with shareholder distributions, comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complimented with a variable share repurchase program. While we remain dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit designation. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years from an annual average of $540 million to currently $2.9 billion, excluding our large strategic sentence in aluminum investments. In July, we successfully issued $600 million of 5.375% investment grade notes with 10-year tenure. The proceeds will be used for general purposes and anticipation of repaying our $400 million notes due December, 2024. We are very pleased with the transaction. We thank those who invested. Lastly, sustainability is a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy. In that regard, we remain excited about our joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint venture facility, which we plan to start commissioning late in the fourth quarter to decrease our steel Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 35%. We uniquely have an actionable path towards carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe is considerably less expensive than may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. Finally, for those of you on the call that track categories of our flat rolled steel shipments, in the second quarter, we shipped hot-rolled and P&O of 1,004,000 tons, cold rolled products of 124,000 tons and coated products of 1,245,000 tons. Barry?
Barry Schneider : Thank you, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations performed well in the second quarter, achieving strong earnings and steady volume aligned with first quarter results. The market segments that we participate in influence the mix of joist deck that we engineer for each job. Our team's ability to engineer and manufacture the best solution for each segment remains a core strength. Our steel fabrication order backlog remains at a healthy level, not extending through the end of the year. We continue to have high expectations for the business, continued onshoring and manufacturing, continue with infrastructure spending and fixed asset investment related to the IRA programs should provide momentum for additional construction spending later this year and through 2025. Our steel fabrication platform provides meaningful volume support for our steel operations, critical and softer demand environments allowing for higher through-cycle utilization compared to our peers, but also helps to mitigate the financial risk of lower steel prices. Our metals recycling operations improved earnings in the second quarter, as increased demand for North American steel producers supported higher ferrous scrap volume, more than compensating for the challenging price environment. We believe ferrous scrap prices have stabilized and should remain relatively stable through the rest of the year subject to seasonal moves. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap generating customers. In particular, our Mexican recycling locations competitively advantaged our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They also strategically support increased procurement of aluminum scrap for our future flat rolled aluminum operations. Our metals recycling team is partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through both process and technology solutions. This will help mitigate potential prime ferrous scrap supply issues in the future. It will also provide us with a significant advantage to materially increase the recycled content in our aluminum flat rolled products and increase our earnings potentials. Field team had a solid quarter, achieving shipments of 3.2 million tons. During the second quarter of 2024, the domestic steel industry operated at an estimated production utilization rate of 78%, while our steel mills operated at a rate of 81%. We consistently operate at higher utilization rates due to our value added steel product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions in the support of our internal manufacturing businesses. The higher through cycle utilization of our steel mills is a key competitive advantage, supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Our realized steel pricing declined across product portfolios as prices weakened throughout second quarter. However, value-added flat rolled steel pricing spreads remained very resilient during the same time frame, supporting our earnings as we already are the largest producer of these products in North America. And we are growing with the new addition of four coating lines with 1.1 million tons of additional capacity. Underlying demand remains steady, but customers remain hesitant to place orders due to the continuing decline of scrap prices throughout the quarter. Additionally, a surge in steel imports put pressure on the supply dynamics. However, order activity has increased over the last month, especially within the last several weeks, stabilizing our lead times, we believe this is the bottom ranch for pricing with positive moves in the future. The Sinton steel team continues to make improvements in operating efficiency and consistency. We are planning for setting to see additional improvements in production and profitability as the team took two different four day outages during the second quarter to, among other things, resolved the transform limitations we have previously discussed. The outages were necessary to install the necessary additional safety circuits and restore our electrical capacity, which will now allow us to access 100% of our the melting capacity versus the previous 80%. Also, the additional two new value line -- coating lines that's in were successfully commissioned and have commenced operations with great success, improving the mill's value added product mix and improving the operating efficiency of the facility. The additional alliance will support increased volume and margins as we head through this year. Regarding the steel market environment, North America automotive production estimates for 2024 recently revised was strong 16 million units, with continued growth expected in '25 and 2026. This forecast is based on demand resilience of stronger production results as supply chain constraints continue to dissipate. Automotive dealer inventories also continue to remain below historical norms despite the recent cyber disruptions. Non-residential construction remained stable with slowdowns across some building types due to hesitancy around higher interest rates. Additionally, onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further meaningful support to fixed asset investment and related construction oriented projects in the coming years. As for the energy market, the sole industry continues to grow and keep oil and gas activity steady. However, increasing OTCG and line pipe imports created a challenging second quarter environment for the domestic producers. Looking forward, we are optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing dynamics for 2024. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Theresa. Thank you, Barry. I appreciate that. But looking toward continued growth, our consistently strong through cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. The four value added flat rolled steel coating lines are increasing volume and have performed extremely well. These types of high return investments are key to our value added product and supply chain differentiation strategies. Regarding Sinton's progress, Barry will provide some more information but the team completed a key task this week. And as we look forward to the rest of the year, we have confidence in increased volume and profitability from them. Aluminum growth strategy, I believe, is especially compelling. We're achieving fast paced progress on the construction of our aluminum flat rolled investments. There continues to be strong commercial support for a new and innovative supply chain solution from Steel Dynamics for the aluminum industry has become to consider a well-known and highly regarded metals producer today. Responses from existing and new customers across the markets still remain incredible. As a quick overview of the project is a 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat rolled facility in Columbus, Mississippi. So the state-of-the-art plant and with an optimized target mix of 300,000 ton of can stock, as in tons of industrial and construction products. On-site melting and casting slab capacity to 600,000 metric tons and be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers located in UBC scrap ridge regions. We expanded the product scope to include additional scrap processing and segregation technologies to maximize our aluminum recycled content. Start-up plans right now for the rolling mill to start up in mid-25, the Mexico slab center in the first quarter '25 with the U.S. slab center coming in online in the second half of '25. From an investment premise perspective, I think the market environment today in aluminum is similar to the domestic steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago. It has older assets that has heavy legacy costs, the mills are somewhat inefficient and high-cost operations. As an industry that has difficulty -- or has had difficulty in earning cost of capital and hence, has little investment in facilities and new technologies over time. Different though than the steel environment 30 years ago is that there's an absolute supply deficit which exists in the market in North America, and that deficit is likely to grow. It's aligned with our business, we can leverage our core competencies of our construction and operational know-how and we can drive performance through our culture, which in turn will drive high efficiency and low-cost operation. It also levers our Omni recycling footprint. Today, Omni is the largest North American aluminum scrap recycler and has developed some very unique and innovative separation technologies that can segregate the different aluminum supply streams coming to them. So very, very cost effective and a high-return growth opportunity for us. The team plans to begin production of slabs in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, as I said in the first quarter '25 followed by the commission on the Roanoke mill mid-25, and those are both on schedule for those days. In '25, we plan to begin production with a mix heavier weighted to industrial and construction product sectors, as we qualify our can sheet and automotive products. We believe volumes for the second half of 25% will be at 50% of capacity, growing to 75% in 2026. Through the first 24 months, we will continue to transition the product mix to more can sheet in automotive targeting the 45% can sheet, 30%-35% automotive in probably 2027. We have some key can and auto customers that are keen in helping us achieve the highest quality in a shorter time as possible. And I know our team is up to it. The total project cost, including the recycled slab centers is $2.7 billion, and we are confident in the budget. Virtually all equipment and construction contracts are complete. And we also expect to add about $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA plus an additional $40 million to $50 million for the Omni recycling platform, and we are confident in our operating cost assumptions. And some of you have asked us to try and quantify these areas of savings as we've outlined them in the past and help you differentiate our project to the rest of the industry. The most significant savings are in four key areas: labor, recycled content, yield and logistics. The labor, which makes up, in our mind, about 35% of the differential, we will have a reduced workforce. We would anticipate somewhere around 750 people versus over 1,200 or more for a competitive plan today. That comes from an optimized plant layout and material flow. And we also have a central automated storage system. So when there will be no sort of human touch to the product from slab to truck, eliminating a massive amount of material handling and a huge number of folks, we drive productivity through our culture and our performance-based incentives. We obviously will not have the high legacy costs that some, again, existing competitors have today. And I would suggest that there should be no data that we can achieve these sorts of things, the productivity levels, et cetera, as we have done in steel over the years. The second differential would be recycled content and that's probably 25% of the differential. I believe can do that through levering the OmniSource platform. Again, the largest non-ferrous recycler in North America today. We already have a secondary aluminum operation that we can also lean on. The satellite facilities will also help being close to UBC rich areas. Again, I think the innovative segregation technologies that we've developed actually in-house will also allow us to increase the recycled content compared to our competitors. The third area would be yield. And I think we're being a little conservative here, but that would be about 20% of the differential. Firstly, obviously, we're going to have just a brand-new state-of-the-art facility, which will help for sure. The sculpting technology is an innovative state-of-the-art, it doesn't just rely on just shaving off a half an inch or three quarters of an inch whatever of the slab. It measures the profile of the slab, measures the quality of the slab and we will only take off what is absolutely needed. We will also be utilizing through the mill sort of supersized coils. So the less front-end tails, et cetera, yield loss there. So I think we're comfortable with the substantial improvement in yield. And then logistics are probably 10% of that. And again, locating the slab satellite lab centers next to or within UBC rich areas, allowing us to melt and cast that material and ship big, heavy, solid slab versus less dense UBC bales and then taking the yield loss there is a considerable freight advantage to that. We're excited, and I think that excitement is palpable within our company as our younger generations want to emulate our steel history and revolutionize the North American aluminum market. More generally, we're impassioned by our current and future growth plans as they will continue to drive the high return growth momentum we've consistently demonstrated over the years. A disciplined, intentional organic and acquisition strategy focused on differentiated value added supply chain solutions is providing sustainable cash generation. Near-term, the continued symptom ramp-up of four new coating lines, closely followed by our aluminum strategy will significantly increase that through cycle cash flow generation. And I'm excited looking forward. I believe that the market dynamics are in place to support long-term demand growth across all our operating platforms. As Theresa mentioned, North America will benefit from continued onshoring of manufacturing businesses and the U.S. will benefit from the allocation of public monies from the infrastructure program, Inflation Act and other public programs. Geodynamics is levered to benefit from those programs through increased steel joist and deck demand flat and long product steel demand and the associated higher demand for recycled scrap and aluminum. Furthermore, and I don't believe it should be understated, we were blessed with the best-in-class carbon footprint. Our integrated peers, both domestic and global will be spending substantial CapEx to bring their carbon footprint down. Those that are including hydrogen-based DRI, but also incur additional operating expense of some $200 per ton. This will materially steepen the global cost curve and will support higher product pricing in the future. And we, SDI being at the bottom of the cost curve will effectively expand our long-term metal spread through the cycle. In closing, our teams, as I've always said in our foundation, I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication, we are committed to them and remind them to listening today that safety for yourselves, your families and each other is the highest priority. Our culture and our business model continue to positively differentiate our performance leading to best-in-class financial metrics. And we are no longer a pure steel company, but an integrated metals business providing enhanced supply chain solutions to the industry. In turn, mitigating volatility and cash flow generation through all market cycles. We are competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, our customers, team members and shareholders alike. We look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the years ahead. That being said, Matt, would love to listen or here the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Carlos De Alba from Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba : Just wanted to ask you, Mark, can you remind us what is the recycled content that you expect to have in the aluminum project and how that may evolve over time?
Mark Millett : Well, as it depends, to be honest, on the product from an over time, it will improve, obviously. Our target for the UBC is around about 90% to 95%. UBC raw material. But for the can sheet will be 90%, 95% with a certain aim of 95%. And I think that to some degree is reliant -- is achievable because of the segregation technologies that we've developed to get differentiate the 5,000 series from other products. The automotive would be lower than that. And I think our aim would be around about 70%.
Carlos De Alba : So overall, it's probably going to be something closer to 80%, 85%?
Mark Millett : I've not done the math, but it had intuitively, that sounds right.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Martin Englert from Seaport Research Partners.
Martin Englert : For low copper shredded scrap, can you provide an update on the processing capacity within the internal network and any ongoing growth initiatives there and where you think that capability might be entering next year?
Mark Millett : I think the question was the low copper [shrimp]. Yes, we're continuing to expand that to all our shredding operations. As far as the absolute volume I would just say we -- in addition to the technologies to segregate the scrap, the fare scrap, get the copper residuals out requires quite a bit of know-how in the melt shop to fully utilize that. So we've been expanding that growth down to our Mississippi mill and also into Sinton. So right now, we have a very healthy mix at our Columbus flat roll or Butler flat roll mill, where we have the requirements we need. So the investments that Omni's making takes that product even further down into the South where we can get better utilization at the other flat rolled mills. So we're very excited about the opportunity and also how to deploy it once it gets to the mills. That's -- as -- probably half of the problem is how to get it usefully into your mix in the mills. And we're making great progress on that as well.
Martin Englert : Are you putting the technology in at the shredding facilities or are you co-locating it at the mills?
Mark Millett : To this point, it's at the shredding facilities. And it is a series of equipment to pull the value streams out along the way. So not only does it reduce the copper in the actual scrap shred for setting to the mills, but it also allows us to obtain better recoveries in the other elements coming out of the scrap stream, the Zorba the Twitch and so forth. So at the facility is the best place to put those. And right now, that's where our focus -- our efforts have been focused.
Martin Englert : And no current estimates as to how much of your capability is for processing that today?
Mark Millett: I can't give you the actual number, but we're confident that we will be able to create a volume that matches our productivity of our sheet mills.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser from BNP Paribas Exane.
Tristan Gresser : The first one is on Sinton. I think back in April, you mentioned that you had that maintenance and that the transformer issue kind of -- was about to be solved. But now it seems this issue lasted for longer, as you only mentioned that you only got full capability back last week. So if you can explain a little bit of what happened and why it took longer essentially? And also was Sinton EBITDA positive in Q2? And do you expect a significant step-up in profitability into Q3? Or is that going to be a much more gradual process given the market conditions?
Barry Schneider : On the outage front out in Sinton, the work we had to do take place in the high-voltage switchyard. So we bring in transmission voltage in Texas. We're the only facility in the state of Texas that actually brings in 345,000 volts. So in the early April outages, we put the concrete down it's necessary to support the equipment and made bus modifications. And as the equipment arrived, there's a protocol of both testing the equipment, pressurizing it, safely bringing it to a position where we're ready to turn it on. And during that process required us to they have the high voltage also shut off. So as we actually got the equipment fully on-site, fully installed and now turned on the equipment, there's a series of outage that comes along with that. And we kind of identified the kind of the key steps in the process. So we did have a slight delay with the hurricane situation in South Texas. And just out of prudence, we decided to make sure we weren't in the process of messing with our high-voltage system when we add hurricane winds. So we're in a much better place now. We're very comfortable that we've addressed the root cause. We put in some new safety gear that works in the electrical world, and that's as deep as I can go into it myself, I'm mechanical guy. But we're confident that we're positioned now to really fully utilize the power in the furnace. And the teams are practice-wise are up to speed. So we do see this as a big key step in getting even more productivity out of the plant.
Mark Millett : And if I could add and perhaps expand a whole further. And we took a little bit of a little below in an hour's report last night with our performance there at Sinton. But I think there needs to be a recognition that we're developing the next-generation technology down there. It is an absolutely phenomenal technology and it's what the world is going to be using going forward. And the important things such as the product qualities that we wanted to achieve, the improved surface quality, the tougher higher-strength qualities produced through the moment mechanical rolling. But the productivity, the design capability from a productivity standpoint is totally proven. We can produce over 5,000 tons a shift down there. So the technology is absolutely there. All we have to do is simply increase the utilization of that facility.
Tristan Gresser : So I guess Sinton was not EBITDA positive in Q2. And that means there could be a significant step-up in profitability into Q3?
Theresa Wagler : Tristan, you're correct. So for the second quarter, we were basically breakeven from an EBITDA perspective. And so there's very high expectations for the second half of the year as it relates to Sinton.
Tristan Gresser : And maybe a quick follow-up on that -- on the supply outlook as you bring more volume from Sinton. I mean if we look at U.S. HRC prices is down 40% from peak and margin on a spot basis. They haven't been that low for a long period of time. So I guess, why do you think that the market can absorb a higher volume from Sinton? And have you contemplated it instead reducing production more capacity at this time. And lastly, in that type of environment where some of your peers are probably much more difficult conditions, have you been able to gain market share?
Barry Schneider : We're very confident that the products that we offer out of site, as Mark spoke, we had to get new technology to be able to respond to the customer base in that region. We're selling quite a bit of tons into Mexico. And a lot of these tons are heavier, higher strength steels where we find more value, and there are also products that the market needs in that region. So we've been welcomed across the different market segments with the abilities that we brought to the table there. So we do see the market being receptive to having a regional supplier. As you know, the import action in that area is particularly different. It's heightened versus the rest of the country. And so to have a local supply chain of high-value products is welcome right now for the customer base. And when I say regional, that's Mexico, we're a few short hours truck right in the Monterrey. So we continue to see good response, good results down there. And we're being very judicious with our time. We know we will develop new products in the future. But right now, we have a very good offering. And with the new value lines, both painted and galvanized capability, we're able to really penetrate further into the markets where there wasn't local providers before. So we remain really bullish on what the capability in the market is to absorb high-value tons from a regional source.
Mark Millett : And to be honest, today, we can sell every time we can produce in Sinton, it's not a market restricted shipment number. And I think you also have to look at the incredible growth that will take place in demand growth that will take place in Mexico over the next few years. If you look at we -- and others talk about onshoring, reshoring, transhoring, however you want to look at it, the growth then in Mexico, you've got to be there to witness and experience is absolutely phenomenal. So the market is going to continue to grow as we anticipated back in, I think, '18 -- 2018, 2019, when we came up with the project in the first place.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners : Wanted to just one quick follow-up on different take on Sinton. Trying to understand why it's still at 75% guided in your release into second half and not full out? And then also, is there an opportunity to boost exports given that Lazarus Carnis has been down for, I think, almost 1 month, 1.5 months? Or is there any issue with the trade protections against Mexico, does that change the dynamic any?
Barry Schneider : We don't see the trade dynamics changing with Mexico in the short-term. There is an effort, of course, to stop the surge, and there's been recent activity in the 232. We anticipate that the products that we're currently moving into Mexico will continue to move that way. There is a shortage in the Mexican market because of other outages that are in Mexico. So we'll continue to take advantage of opportunities where it makes sense. And as we look at the total capacity, we -- like most things, as a steel plant, it's not a light switch, we just turn on. So as we look towards growing through the second half of the year, we believe as we look at the second half, we're going to achieve those utilization rates.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Katja Jancic from BMO.
Katja Jancic : Maybe going back to the aluminum rolling mill for a bit. I think you mentioned that initially, the mix is going to be more tilted to industrial products. Can you talk a little bit -- is there a margin difference between industrial products, the can sheet and auto markets products?
MarkMillett : Yes. I guess the thinner margins tend to be in can sheet, if you were to stack them, again, because of the just the volume of that product. The industrial products, particularly if we were to put them through our paint lines are going to be as valuable as any of the outputs.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Andrew Keches from Barclays.
Andrew Keches : A question for Theresa. Look, you've refinanced the 2024 notes or maybe even some of the '25. You generally just seem to be in a pretty favorable balance sheet position right now that you've been upgraded by two of the agencies in the past year. You got another positive, you through a lot of the aluminum spending, leverage is still pretty low and you'll get the cash flow benefit from that probably by the end of '25 or '26, it sounds like. So I guess just taking a step back, can you just give us an update in terms of what the direction of the balance sheet is from here? Do you see the capacity to carry more leverage knowing how leverage has been relatively conservative at low pricing points? Or do you want to preserve some optionality for future opportunities? I guess that's a hidden second question on what the pipeline might look like for you.
Theresa Wagler : So yes, the balance sheet does have extra capacity for leverage. As you know, ahead of large projects, organic projects, specifically like Sinton at just under $2 billion and now the aluminum investments at $2.7 billion. We like to be a little more conservative with the balance sheet and build cash in advance of those investments so that we can make sure that we still have optionality for growth if there would be a downturn, because we like to have that optionality, you tend to get better value and better valuations and return in a weaker demand environment. So there is room on the balance sheet. And that's why we've been able to actually stay consistent and grow the shareholder distributions during these high-growth period, which is very important to us and we think is very beneficial to the shareholders as well. So we -- you will likely see us continue -- well, you will see us continue with our strong shareholder distributions. There are other opportunities for growth. There are some organic opportunities that the teams are talking about, they're not nearly at the size or scope of aluminum at Sinton, but they are absolutely beneficial differentiating high return, et cetera. In addition to that, we do believe that there could be some optionality in transactions. We're very particular. We're very disciplined as it relates to acquisitions, ensuring that there is an appropriate valuation and return for Steel Dynamics. So you do see us being more disciplined than some others in the industry. But that being said, we think that there will be some opportunities along those lines as well. So I would just say more of the same, yet at the same time, we understand that the balance sheet is there to use.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Peterson from JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson : I guess the question is, when do you expect to lock in long-term contracts for the rolling mill maybe across the markets as well as can you update us on your latest thoughts in terms of the qualification time line for packaging and automotive, those markets? How long it will take to kind of just qualify in those markets?
Mark Millett : As we say, I said earlier, the initial material for qualification of the can sheet and auto will start in '25. As you can recognize, the consumer base is not necessarily going to dedicate long, long, long contracts at that moment in time. But come to the end of '26 would expect the longer-term contracts, which in those markets are three, four years duration would be in '26.
Theresa Wagler : I would just add to that, that we have -- there's a very extensive both demand draw and plan in place for 2025 and 2026 purposely with a numerous number of customers that have already indicated volumes that they would have available to us, for all of the industrial for the automotive and for the can sheet. So it's a very robust commercial dialogue that we're having, and we feel very confident in having the ability to market those materials in the interim.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Alex Hacking from Citi Investment Research.
Alex Hacking : Just a clarification on the aluminum mill. When you talk about 50% utilization in '25 and 75% in '26, is that the average or that's the exit rate?
Theresa Wagler : No. For the 2026, Alex, that's not the exit rate. That's for the full year. The exit rate would be close to full capacity in 2026.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Tumazos from Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos : Concerning the total steel market, last year, indirect steel imports rose another 3 million tons. And in April and May, total steel imports, including slabs were 30% share. I didn't get it right. I thought with all the new beautiful, new electric furnace steel capacity coming online, domestic shipments would rise and imports would fall. Do you think there's a customer preference for blast furnace metal? Or do you think domestic pricing in hindsight was just too aggressive, too high. It amazes me when the customers want the foreign steel because the delivery window isn't precise, and they have to carry much more inventory and have much more steel price risk, et cetera.
Mark Millett : Well, I think, John, as we see the imports, I think generally for the year, year-to-date are up like 10% or thereabouts and that the licenses are mitigating a little. The propensity is in coated products. They were up minus 60% year-to-date. And obviously, the spread, the hot band, the coated spread is still above $200 or thereabouts and our dear foreign friends have taken advantage of that to some degree.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlos De Alba from Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba : I just want to see if you can comment on the pricing for the backlog in the fabrication business. If I heard correctly, the backlog extends into the fourth quarter. Any color that you can offer on the pricing for that material?
Theresa Wagler : Carlos, we can't be specific about that. I would tell you that from a historical basis, it's very strong on a go-forward basis, and there has been stabilization in pricing and specifically around the joist products and the decking products as well. So that's all the color we can give you. I apologize.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris LaFemina from Jefferies.
Christ LaFemina : Most of my questions have been asked, but I just had one on the cash flow in the second quarter and in particular, on the working capital build, how should we think about the reversal of that through the second half of the year? And what portion of that working capital build is a function of the aluminum mill and still ramping up? Is some of that going to kind of linger into 2025 and 2026?
Theresa Wagler : None of it related to really the aluminum mill at this point in time because we're still constructing and as it relates to the San Luis Potosi slab center they're just getting ready to kind of start maybe building some scrap reserves in anticipation of slab production in the first quarter of 2025. As it relates to the build, there has -- there was a structural increase in inventories related to the four value added lines as we were putting substrate in front of those lines in anticipation of ramping them up during this period of time. And so there will still be some increase as Sinton ramps up the second half of the year structurally, but there is also availability of inventory reduction at the long product steel mills and some of the other areas. So I would expect to see working capital not be a significant draw in the second half of the year, but rather potentially be either not neutral or a funding source. The biggest part of the moving cash flow was really our estimated tax payments in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners : I was also asking about cash flow. If we think about the $1.2 billion remaining CapEx in the second half, the $400 million debt pay down, I'm just trying to think about if you want to keep the buyback steady as you have over the last several quarters? Or if there's any shifts that you might make to your capital allocation policy given those big uses of cash?
Theresa Wagler : We're very comfortable with our cash flow generation capability at this point in time, given what we can see, there's no expectation of changing our capital allocation policy for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Alex Hacking from Citi Investment Research.
Alex Hacking : I'm just curious in your perspective or are you concerned about some of the rhetoric around Mexico and the steel trade with Mexico. The U.S. is a net export for flat steel to Mexico, right? Sinton is targeting Mexico for off take. Are you concerned that some of the rhetoric that's sprung up recently could lead to more tariffs, retaliatory tariffs. And is that a potential risk that you're considering? Or how do you think about that?
Mark Millett : Well, I guess from my perspective, there's certainly some noise and perhaps short-term aggravations going back and forth. But longer term, as I said earlier, the growth -- the steel demand growth within Mexico is going to continue to be considerable. They're going to continue to be still short. They're going to need our products. In particular, they're going to need our coated and downstream products, perhaps more -- a little more so than hot band. But they're going to be still short and in the big picture, I don't see a material problem now.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett : Well, again, thank you, everyone. I just want to close and saying, I think SDI, it's an incredible company doing incredible things. We couldn't do it without our inspirational teams and their families. We can't do it without the support of our loyal customers. We will continue to work with you to create innovative value creating opportunities for you, both of things you need today and what you may not even know you need tomorrow. And again, we need the support of our service providers that you folks are integral with everything we do. And for those that are shareholders, thank you for your faith in us. We treat your investment as our own, and we will continue to grow our company wisely. Thank you. Have a great day. Be safe.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 24, 2024, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually.
 Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel, metal recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. 
 Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and, if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports First Quarter 2024 Results.
 Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks, David, and good morning, everybody. It's good to be with you for our first quarter '24 earnings call today. Once again, our teams achieved a strong first quarter financial and operational performance. 
 Quarterly steel shipments was a near-record 3.3 million tons. The team successfully began operating our 4 new value-added flat rolled steel coating lines, which adds about 1.1 million tons of higher-margin product diversification to our portfolio. The Sinton team continues to make significant headway hitting record milestones and achieving positive EBITDA for the quarter, with significant improvements on the way. And we're also making fast progress on our aluminum flat rolled investments. There continues to be strong commercial support for a new and innovative supply chain solution provided by Steel Dynamics, as we are a well-known and highly regarded metals producer. 
 And financially, the team continues to excel. They consistently achieve superior financial metrics and best-in-class return on invested capital. It's a product of the passionate can-do performance-driven culture and our high-margin value-added growth strategy. A stark and persuasive indicator of the effectiveness of our business model is our relative EBITDA per employee generation, which is substantially higher than any of our competition.
 I'm incredibly proud of the Steel Dynamics team. They are the foundation of our company, and they drive our success, and I'm proud to stand among them. They are special and we're focused on providing the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We're actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level of our company, keeping safety top of mind and an active conversation each and every day. Despite excellent safety performance compared to industry peers, there's more to do. We will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of 0 injuries.
 With that, Theresa, would you like to give us some color on the quarter? 
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I add my sincere thanks to our teams for another strong performance. Our first quarter 2024 net income was $584 million or $3.67 per diluted share, with adjusted EBITDA of $879 million.
 First quarter 2024 revenue of $4.7 billion was 11% higher than sequential fourth quarter results, supported by strong volume and higher realized selling values across the steel platform. Our first quarter operating income of $751 million was 45% higher than fourth quarter results, driven by steel metal spread expansion, especially within our flat-rolled operations.
 A quick note, as we construct the aluminum facilities, noncapitalizable expenses are required to flow through SG&A until startup. So you will see increased costs in that line item as we start operations mid-2025. In the first quarter, that additional amount was about $14 million.
 As we discuss our business this morning, we see positive industry fundamentals for 2024 and beyond, and we're focused toward our continued transformational growth initiatives. Our Sinton, Texas flat-rolled steel division operated close to 70% of capacity for the quarter, and, as Mark said, generated positive earnings. Our steel operations generated strong operating income of $675 million in the first quarter, supported by near-record shipments and increased realized product pricing.
 For those of you who track flat-rolled products by type, in the first quarter, hot-rolled shipments were 1.62 million tons, cold-rolled shipments were 130,000 tons and coated shipments were 1.220 million tons. Operating income from our metals recycling operations was $23 million, significantly higher than sequential fourth quarter results as increased domestic steel demand supported higher volumes.
 As many of you already know, we're the largest North American metals recycler, processing and consuming ferrous scrap and nonferrous aluminum, copper and other metals. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations as well as shortly, our aluminum flat-rolled operations.
 Our steel fabrication segment achieved strong operating income of $178 million in the first quarter, lower than sequential fourth quarter results due to weather impacted and seasonally lower shipments and metal spread compression as realized pricing declined and steel raw material input cost increased.
 Our joist and deck backlog extends through the third quarter 2024 with strong forward pricing, and pricing has stabilized at historically strong levels during the quarter. Infrastructure Inflation Reduction Act and DOE decarbonization support and manufacturing onshoring are expected to increase domestic fixed asset investments later this year and into next year, which will support our steel operations and our fabrication business.
 Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable cost structure. During the first quarter of 2024, we generated cash flow from operations of $355 million, which was reduced by an annual company-wide profit sharing contribution of $265 million.
 We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $3.1 billion. For 2024, we believe full year capital investments will be in the range of $2 billion, of which approximately $1.4 billion relates to our aluminum flat-rolled investments and $175 million toward our biocarbon facility.
 In February, we increased our cash dividend 8% to $0.46 per common share, continuing our increasing dividend profile as through-cycle cash flow grows. We also repurchased $298 million of our common stock, representing 1.5% of our outstanding shares.
 At March 31, $1.1 billion remained available for our share repurchases under our new $1.5 billion plan. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program.
 While we remain dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation, our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last 5 years from an annual average of $540 million from 2011 to 2015 to currently $2.9 billion. We've strategically placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns, while maintaining investment-grade metrics. 
 We believe our track record proves itself with an average 3-year after-tax return on invested capital of 32%, clearly a best-in-class performance across industries. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity.
 In that regard, we remain excited about our joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint venture facility, which we plan to start operating late in the fourth quarter, could decrease our steel Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 35%. We have an actionable path toward carbon neutrality that is more manageable and, we believe, considerably less expensive than they lay ahead for many of our industry peers.
 Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey, and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and continue our leadership role moving forward. Barry? 
Barry Schneider: Thanks, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations performed well in the first quarter, achieving strong earnings. At the end of the first quarter, our steel joist and deck order backlog was solid, extending through the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, current pricing has stabilized at historically high levels during the first quarter. We continue to have high expectations for the business. Continued onshoring of manufacturing, coupled with infrastructure spending and fixed asset investment related to the IRA programs, should provide momentum for additional construction spending later this year and through 2025.
 Our fabrication platform provides meaningful volume support for our steel mills, critical and softer demand environments, allowing for higher through-cycle steel utilization compared to our peers. It also helps mitigate the financial risk of lower steel prices.
 Our metals recycling operations improved earnings in the first quarter as increased demand from North American steel producers supported higher ferrous scrap volume and the team continues to grow our volume and recycled aluminum in advance of starting our new aluminum flat-rolled operations. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap-generating customers.
 In particular, our Mexican recycling operations competitively advantaged our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They also strategically support increased procurement of aluminum scrap for our future flat-rolled aluminum operations. 
 Our metals recycling team is partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through process and technology solutions. This will help mitigate potential prime ferrous scrap supply issues in the future. It will also provide us with a significant advantage to materially increase the recycled content in our aluminum flat rolled products and increase our earnings opportunities. 
 The steel team had a strong quarter, achieving near-record shipments of 3.3 million tons. During the first quarter of 2024, the domestic steel industry operated at an estimated production utilization rate of 77%, while our steel mills operated at 87%. We consistently operated higher utilization rates due to our value-added steel product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions and the support of our internal manufacturing businesses.
 The higher through-cycle utilization of our steel mills is a key competitive advantage, supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Our realized steel pricing improved across our product portfolios.
 However, flat rolled prices weakened early in the first quarter before recovering in March and April. Value-add flat-rolled steel pricing spreads were incredibly resilient, actually expanding during the same time frame. Underlying demand remains steady, but customers are managing to a lower inventory level, which can cause some volatility in spot prices.
 As order activity increased quarter-over-quarter, our steel backlogs also improved nicely from December to March across the platform. As for Sinton, the team continues to make significant improvements in operating efficiency and consistency. They averaged around 70% of capability for the quarter, breaking monthly utilization records across the lines in March. We are planning for Sinton to see additional improvements in production as the team took several maintenance days in April.
 Among other things, in the outage, we resolved certain transformer limitations, which will allow us to access 100% of our melting capacity versus the previous 80%. Also, the additional 2 new value-added coating lines were successfully commissioned and have commenced operations with excellent results. These additional lines will support increased volume and margins as we head through this year.
 Regarding the steel market environment, North American automotive production estimates for 2024 were recently revised higher to just over 16 million units with continued growth expected in 2025 and 2026. This improved forecast is based on demand resilience and stronger production results as supply chain constraints continue to dissipate across the automotive supply chain.
 Automotive dealer inventories are also continuing to remain below historical norms. Nonresidential construction remained solid as supported by the increased sequentially quarterly order activity and shipments at our Structural and Rail division. Additionally, onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further meaningful support to fixed asset investment and related construction-oriented projects in the coming years.
 As for the energy markets, the solar industry continues to grow and oil and gas activity is steady. However, increasing OCTG and line pipe imports created a challenging first quarter environment for the domestic producer. Looking forward, we are optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing demand for 2024. 
Mark Millett: Thanks, Barry. Thanks, Theresa. Well, consistently strong through-cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. As mentioned, the 4 value-add flat-rolled steel coating lines are now online and in various modes of startup. And certainly, the line in Sinton was an absolute unqualified success. The team has done a phenomenal job there. And Sinton should see a step function improvement in operations and profitability as those 2 new lines ramp up after the April maintenance, which occurred actually 2 weeks ago, and that's -- they're up and running again. 
 The aluminum strategy, our growth is especially compelling. Responses from existing and new customers across all markets remains incredible and only strengthening as we move forward. We are currently in discussions with numerous customers who wish to locate on site with us and this co-location strategy provides a sustainably competitive model for all of us, conserving time, money and reducing emissions across the supply chain. And this model has already proven itself tremendously successful in Sinton. 
 And to just sort of review the project itself, 650,000 metric tons of aluminum flat roll capability in Columbus, Mississippi, the state-of-the-art plant, it has served the sustainable beverage and packaging sector, automotive and industrial markets as well. The roughly 300,000 metric tons a year of can stock, about 200,000 tons of auto and 150,000 tons of industrial and construction. 
 Actually at the site in Columbus, we'll have a metal cast slab capacity of around 600,000 metric tons and that will be supported by 2 satellite facilities, one out west around Gila Bend and one in Central Mexico, which are located in scrap-rich regions. We can capture the scrap, turn it into the cast slab and transport it very, very effectively and cost efficiently to the mill itself. Expanded the project scope to include additional scrap processing and treatment to maximize aluminum recycled content. The metals recycling team has also developed a commercially viable sorting solution at volume for 5000 and 6000 series aluminum scrap, which represents an incredible competitive advantage for us.
 Our startup plans have not changed. The rolling mill should be operating mid-2025, the Mexico Slab Center at the end of '24 and then Arizona mid-'25. The total project cost, including the recycled slab centers remains at $2.7 billion. And with virtually all equipment and construction contracts complete, we feel confident in the expected amount of investment. 
 We also are confident that it will add around about $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA plus an initial $40 million to $50 million from the Omni platform as well. The investment premise, if you think about it, the market environment is similar to the domestic steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago.
 They have older assets, they've had difficulty earning their cost of capital. So there's been a little reinvestment, heavy legacy costs, inefficient and operations are typically high cost. And also a significant aluminum flat-rolled supply deficit exists in North America, which is expected to grow. And this will be the first time we've ever entered a market where there's a supply/demand gap, pretty positive for us, for sure. 
 We have business alignment and we can leverage our core competencies of construction and operational know-how. We can lever Omni's recycling footprint. As many of you know, we're the largest aluminum scrap recycler in North America. And again, we are developing some pretty exciting new separation technologies. So it's going to be cost effective. It's a very, very high-return growth for us. 
 Moving on, learn passion, I think, by our future growth plans, as they will continue to drive the high-return growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. We have the highest, most recent 5-year average after-tax return on invested capital within the S&P 500 materials companies. And in the most recent 3 years, we have had an average of after-tax return on invested capital of 32%, which I think is a stunning number and an affirmation of the ability of all our team.
 Our disciplined and intentional growth strategy, focused on differentiated value-added supply chain solutions, has provided sustainable and growing cash generation. And we'll continue to do so in the future. So I'm incredibly optimistic moving forward. 
 I believe the market dynamics are in place to support increased demand across our operating platforms in '24. North America will benefit from continued onshoring of manufacturing businesses. And the U.S. will benefit from the allocation of public monies from the infrastructure program, the Inflation Reduction Act and other public programs. Steel Dynamics is levered to benefit from those programs through increased steel joist and deck demand, flat and long product steel demand and the associated higher demand for recycled scrap and aluminum.
 As I said earlier, our teams are our foundation. I thank each and every one of them for their passion and their dedication. We are committed to them, and I remind those listening today, the safety for yourselves, your families and each other is our highest priority. Our culture and business model continue to positively differentiate our performance, leading to best-in-class operating and financial metrics.
 We're no longer a simple steel company. We're an industrial metals business providing enhanced supply chain solutions to numerous industries that are essential to global economies. This differentiation and diversification mitigates cash generation volatility in all market cycles, as we've just seen in this past quarter. We are competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our companies, for our customers, team members and shareholders alike, and we look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today in the many years ahead.
 With that said, Matthew, could you open the line up for questions, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Martin Englert from Seaport Research Partners. 
Martin Englert: Within steel, conversion costs appear to have declined a bit quarter-on-quarter. Taking into account Sinton's continued to ramp up and substrate costs going into 2Q, would you anticipate a comparable reduction in the current quarter? 
Theresa Wagler: Martin, the way that you and others are able to actually calculate what you call conversion costs is a little bit difficult. But yes, with the increasing production at Sinton, which we expect to continue to improve into the second quarter and the second half of the year, you will see that the additional volume will help compress costs across the spectrum, but product mix is also something that you need to take into consideration when you think about flat versus long. But we would expect to see that the conversion rate, as you calculate it, would continue to reduce. I can't speak to the exact magnitude thereof. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Curt Woodworth from UBS. . 
Curtis Woodworth: A couple of questions on the greenfield aluminum project. Can you kind of give us a time line on where -- when you think you could get to more of an EBITDA breakeven level on the facility and what type of utilization rate you think you would need to achieve that?
 And then can you speak to what level of commercial commitments or arrangements that you've been able to achieve at this point? And then just lastly, I saw you kept the CapEx guidance flat at $2.7 billion, but obviously, there's been some concern just around general inflationary pressures. But do you feel -- are you seeing any upward pressure on the CapEx number? And are you pretty confident on keeping that number at $2.7 billion going forward? 
Mark Millett: I'll go backwards. That's the easier way. From a CapEx standpoint, as I mentioned in my sort of preliminary thoughts, virtually everything is now contracted out. We did, and you saw here some months ago, we did bump it up to that $2.7 billion with the knowledge of some inflationary pressures. Those are all baked in to that $2.7 billion, and we see no expansion on that number going forward. 
 From a commercial arrangement perspective, we've been working, obviously, with the major sort of beer can or the beverage can consumers. We've been working with automotive as well. And we're pretty confident that we have the ability to match our customer demand with the ramp-up curve.
 And as we also mentioned, operations should start mid-'25. There will be some qualifications early on. But we're confident that we can match the demand from those customers with that start-up ramp. From a standpoint of EBITDA breakeven, I would imagine that from the end of the year, I would hope we are in that position. 
Curtis Woodworth: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on fabrication. Last quarter, you talked about order entry improving and pricing continues to be stable. But obviously, there's still downward pressure in the business. Can you just give us a sense for maybe volumetrically, how you see things performing into 2Q?
 I know 1Q is always seasonally weak, and there was some weather-related disruption, but do you think you can get close to getting back to positive growth in fabrication? And then just in joist and deck in general, can you give us a sense for maybe how those products fit into some of these federal programs in terms of the CHIPS Act, IRA battery plants? Do you see any new sources of growth that could mitigate what's been somewhat of an air pocket on the warehouse side? 
Mark Millett: Yes. I guess the -- from our perspective, and I will let Theresa and Barry chip in here in a little bit, but from a shipment standpoint in Q4 and early Q1, shipments kind of leveled off at pre-COVID levels. We've seen some general seasonality and there's some regional weather impacts here and there.
 But booking rates increased in March and are up again meaningfully in April. Backlogs are around about 6 months. So we personally consider that to be kind of a volume trough, and we think things are going to move up volume-wise in the second quarter into the rest of the year. And I think the thing to emphasize there's only been slight quarter-over-quarter price erosion.
 And so for that to -- or that market strength to be there, I think it confirms our thesis that there's been a paradigm shift in through-cycle spreads. And I think we've got a very, very, very constructive view of the long-term prospects for fabrication. 
Theresa Wagler: I think something that I would point out in addition to what Mark said. If you look at -- and take into consideration that volumes are, to Mark's point, at a pre-COVID level, but earnings were still, from an operating income perspective, about over $1,200 per ton.
 If you looked historically in a very strong market, that number might have been $150 to $200 per ton. So structurally, there has been a significant difference, and it is proving out the theory that we had that there's a structural shift. 
 Barry, maybe you want to talk a little bit about how the programs actually go into the public dollars. 
Barry Schneider: A lot of these public the CHIPS Act and the IRA Act, there's a lot of work that has to happen upfront. And once those projects are -- owners are identified and engineering companies are identified, that's when this starts flowing into all the steel products, but specifically, when we look at the joist and deck, once it's a concrete kind of a plan on what's going to be built, the time line is actually pretty quick.
 So when those orders start to be in place, it's typically in a kind of a 3- to 6-month window, when they start shipping. So we're encouraged by what we hear, what we communicate through the general contractors, the fabricators out in the marketplace. 
 So again, we have a good reason to believe the second half of the year fills up nicely with these projects, as they start moving from conceptual phase to actually enter in construction phases. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlos De Alba from Morgan Stanley. 
Carlos de Alba: Just maybe continuing with the discussion. The long steel volumes declined quite sharply or meaningfully year-on-year. Can you maybe provide more color as to the different end markets within construction and infrastructure, that may be leading to this decline? Clearly the backdrop for the coming years, for sure, is quite solid. But at least in the first quarter, the numbers just weren't there. So any color on the different construction markets would be great. 
Mark Millett: Carlos, I would say, as you look at the mix across line products, as we make sections that are lighter sections, that's more responsive to what the marketplace is right now. So we've had a pretty robust level of order input. And Structural and Rail has performed pretty well.
 We tend to balance between our rail production and our structural production. And I think in general, I would say the market space has changed from one of where a lot of more fabricators were directly going to mills to more of a service center type relationship. And that's, again, a more historical way to go into the market, after the busy years for the last several years with construction spending. So we see a good response from our customer base, and we have healthy backlogs in our long products right now. 
Carlos de Alba: And if I may ask another one on the aluminum project. Have you been able to already secure contracts with some of your customers, or that's still undergoing in terms of discussions with them? 
Mark Millett: Carlos, that's still under discussion. Obviously, it's a -- we're a new mill. And so there's a balance between them making sure that they feel confident that the volume is going to be there. But as I said earlier, we have commitments in place that will support -- in large part, support the first 12 to 18 months of our ramp-up. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research. 
Timna Tanners: I'm going to ask Carlos' question a different way, if you don't mind, on the long product side. The volumes, as I see them, were sharply down from last year and the year-ago period in the first quarter. So I guess, it sounds like from the answer, you're still seeing quite strong demand. So I guess should we expect that this was a blip and that maybe there were some weather-related reasons and the rest of the year could be more consistent with past years? Or is there something that's changed in your outlook for the long products across structures, bars, those -- all those divisions would be really helpful. 
Mark Millett: Well, I think it's, in large part, some of the seasonality and just the weather-related issues, Timna. The -- and you saw some price adjustment here in the marketplace, whatever that was, 2 months ago? 6 weeks, 8 weeks ago. And again, that wasn't necessarily market pressure that was just absorbing sort of some discounting that leaked into the marketplace over the prior month, 2 months. We feel confident moving forward for the rest of the year in that space. 
Timna Tanners: Okay. So maybe particularly challenging first quarter and rest of the year looks solid, it sounds like. All right. And then my other question, if I could, was just if you could remind us about the cadence of contribution from the 4 new lines, the paint lines and the galv lines, and how to think about increasing volume and profitability would be great. 
Barry Schneider: Yes, Timna, the -- all 4 of the process lines at this point have actually run product. We staged the start-up to best utilize our teams and also to really focus on improving the start-up process for the other lines. So a paint line in Terre Haute is up and running well, shipping prime product. We expect that, that ramps up through second quarter, third quarter, getting up closer and closer to what the final production will be.
 On the converse, the new galvanizing line down in Sinton actually started up very well. It started up in January and is solidly contributing at a very high rate already, which, as Mark said, the team has done a fabulous job getting that line making quality like that so quickly. We have an all hands on deck approach. So all the other mills are supporting the team.
 And we're continually moving people through to keep the energy high. So I see the second galvanizing line in Terre Haute coming up Q2 into more operational status and progressing to the end of the year, the paint line through Q2 through Q3 at Terre Haute. And then the new paint line in Sinton, Texas will actually be maturing to the end of the year. So all 4 units will be contributing soundly in second quarter, and progressing through the third, fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Katja Jancic from BMO Capital Markets. 
Katja Jancic: On Sinton, can you provide a bit more color how we should think about the utilization rates in the rest of the year? 
Barry Schneider: As we had talked, we're about 70% through first quarter. We did take some time for a significant outage in April that was planned to, among other things, address the power problem we had with the primary side voltage at the plant. So we see a really good path to 80% progressing through operational by the end of the year, getting up in the capacity.
 In front of us, we see better and better performance, routine performance every day. So as the team encounters challenges, they work through them quicker. And through all this, they remain a very safe operation, which is so important during start-up. So the team is in place, the new assets will allow us to provide the best mix possible upstream so that the efficiency of the plant can really be explored further. So we continue to be very robust on where we're going and the success of the team. 
Katja Jancic: Maybe I missed this, but was there a power issue during the first quarter? 
Barry Schneider: We had talked about the primary side power last year and having some transformers that needed to be replaced. And that equipment has very long lead times. Our team was able to secure some shorter-term solutions that we've engineered into place and done the construction. So now that the outage is over, we could put that equipment in with the power off. We look to bring the new transformer support, so that the plant has full operational capacity. 
 We've been internally limited at about 80% of the power capability on the melting furnaces. So at this point now, this will help us remove that restriction. When it's finally utilized, it will be somewhere between now and the end of May. But this April outage was key to give us the opportunity to get the construction done to work on the high-voltage bus. It requires the whole plant to be -- have the power off. So again, great work happening. It's unfortunate. These are long-lead-time items. And we've remedied the situation that we believe contributed to it. So we're very excited this problem will be behind us here shortly. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Lawson Winder from Bank of America. 
Lawson Winder: Mark, Theresa, Barry, thank you for today's update. Could you share with us your views on the CRC, HRC spreads that have been quite robust recently? What are your thoughts on what's driving that? And I know you don't like to guide to pricing, but what are your -- I'll try this one and ask what your thoughts are on what that might look like going forward? 
Mark Millett: I will start. I would just reiterate what I've always said in past calls. Coated products are gaining more and more market share just generally. And there are some pretty dynamic changes within the marketplace that is even added to that. If you think about the solar market, which is absolutely huge, huge today. You're consuming around about 25 tons of coated product per megawatt. 
 And again, we're selling Nextracker and a whole bunch of folks. I think we're something like 300,000 tons a year or thereabouts or even higher into that marketplace. And that's coated flat roll, people turn that into tubes for the support structure of solar. So there are more and more applications being served by coated products today. It's a tight market, and it's supporting the higher spread. 
Barry Schneider: I'd like to add to that, Mark, too, that the teams have been diversifying our coated profile. So we have many different kinds of coatings that we offer. And those various product lines provide a very good supply solution to our customers. So the whole supply chain has been maturing for these products, and it allows us to move our tons to balance our production needs as well as where the markets are interesting.
 So, we continue to believe that the spreads between coated and hot roll are -- will be attractive. And it's an area where we've really invested quite a bit of money over the last several years to make sure we have the right capabilities at our disposal and the right supply chain solutions for what the customers are asking for. 
Lawson Winder: Maybe if I could just ask a follow-up on your -- you've provided some commentary on fabrication order backlog and then the pricing on that and indicated it was above pre-COVID levels. Maybe if I could just try to get a little bit more color on that. Would it be fair to say that pricing in your new bookings and backlog, at least, are converging to some level, and perhaps ask how that might compare to 2023 levels? 
Theresa Wagler: Lawson, I don't think that we're talking about comparing to 2023 levels. I don't know if you were speaking specifically about pricing, if you are speaking about volume. But the pricing that's in the backlog and the current spot pricing that we have, they are converging, to your point, which would be expected as pricing stabilizes. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser from BNP Paribas. 
Tristan Gresser: Yes. Maybe a quick follow-up just on the fab business. It was my understanding we should have seen some further moderation in ASP in Q2. You talk about the backlog stability and forward pricing, et cetera. So is this still the base case that we should see another leg down in Q2, before we stabilize? 
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, this is Theresa. We're not specifically giving guidance on any of our segments from an earnings perspective. We don't do that, but I'll talk to you about certain levers. So, we do expect, as Mark said earlier, and you would see this normally, but we will have higher volumes, both across fabrication steel and mills recycling, as we move through the year, which is generally the case in the second, third quarter environment as you move out of the seasonality into stronger demand periods.
 So we absolutely expect to see that. There's also the potential for additional support that we believe will be there as it relates to the public funding, probably more specifically in the second half of the year and then even more impactful, at least in my opinion, in 2025, which will help provide demand -- fixed asset demand-driven increases in volumes. As it relates to the pricing and fabrication, we said that the change or the differential in pricing should start to diminish as it's been stabilized, really it starts stabilizing in middle of the fourth quarter and certainly remains so in kind of January, March, February -- sorry, January, February, March time frame. 
 So you need to take a view on that price differential that we've kind of just helped explain. And then on the steel input costs. So they keep about 8 weeks -- probably about 8 weeks of inventory, principally flat rolled on the ground. So as that pricing has changed in the first quarter, those input costs will move into the second quarter as well. 
Tristan Gresser: Okay, that's really helpful. And maybe another question on the situation in Mexico. You kind of have a unique perspective there, you sell quite some volumes in the country, you're building in the country, but you're also a U.S. steel producer first.
 So I mean, the situation, the U.S., Mexico situation kind of worsened a bit on the trade front, talks of tariffs, retaliation. So what's your view on the latest development? Do you believe that the situation could worsen? And what are kind of your options if it does happen? 
Mark Millett: Well, today, we haven't seen any, I don't believe, Barry, any direct impact to our business. We grew substantial market share in Mexico last year. We shipped, I think, 600,000 tons or so down there. I think it's more of a wait-and-see situation. It's sort of a tit for tat going back and forth. But I think again, just as you saw with the U.S. MCA some years ago, the U.S. and Mexico are huge trading partners, and these things get worked out. 
Tristan Gresser: All right. That's clear. And maybe just the last one. You mentioned in your outlook in your prepared remarks that you expect lower imports. Can you discuss that a little bit? And there have been some discussion at the high level between the U.S. and Europe of potential carbon-based tariffs. Do you believe that's still on the table and that could potentially materialize depending on who is the next president in the United States? 
Barry Schneider: Well, I think our position on the carbon border adjustment mechanisms, we don't see any meaningful change in American policy. There definitely is a lot of interest in Europe and the EU will continue to go forward with their plans. After the election, we would expect that there will be some kind of a united front to find out how to keep trading with Europe. We do believe that's a good thing for us as these develop, particularly with our incredibly low sustainability position. So we have a great position to lead into these kind of tariffs.
 We do see certain coated products moving into the country that are concerning. And as we address those through our downstream distribution and our customer base, we are aware of where certain products are moving in the country. And we do see certain areas where it's elevated. And we're doing our best to respond to that competitive challenge, as other economies kind of flush towards us when they get soft where they are. So, we're always monitoring it. There are solutions we'll look at, but we take that on a day-by-day basis. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Will Peterson from JPMorgan. 
William Peterson: Nice job on the quarterly execution. I wanted to talk about some of the reshoring trends but -- and also the data center buildout. You've obviously seen a big uptick in data center. But on the same side, we've seen, obviously, warehouses continue to kind of remain negative. So I guess the question is, what is the typical steel intensity you see of data centers? And how does that opportunity compare to a warehouse opportunity, again, since that's kind of normalized here recently? 
Barry Schneider: Bill, this is Barry. I think each project is so different. There's a lot of variables. And we provide materials to all these different types of projects. So depending on what the owner is looking for, where the data center might be located, that will affect the steel intensity. 
 But generally, the packages aren't wildly different than warehousing. And it really depends on where they're going to go and who's designing it. So that flexibility in providing the way we look at lots of different general contractors and lots of different engineering firms, we have solutions for each of them. 
 So as they go, they might be -- maybe think of it maybe it's a less steel-intensive job, but it might have more design work involved. And the opposite may be true where it's a straightforward design work in bigger tons. So it's really a broad spectrum across these different projects. So depending on each one, it's really hard to say. 
 But it is definitely an area where there continues to be interest because of the artificial intelligence, all the thoughts about what's going to be needed for that cloud computing. And so we remain very interested in there, trying to provide good solutions to the various stakeholders who are building those facilities. 
William Peterson: Okay. So I guess it just really depends on the project. If I could ask a second question maybe to Theresa. So CapEx came in a bit lower than expected. But I guess, how should we think about the cadence of CapEx through the remainder of the year, presumably to reach the $2 billion number you've provided in the past? 
Theresa Wagler: Yes. The biggest chunk of capital will relate to, obviously, the aluminum investment. And we would expect to see those tick up in the second and third quarter, as equipment continues to arrive and they hit certain milestones. So you should see the bulk of that additional CapEx or remaining CapEx being in the second and the third quarter, probably about equal and then probably go down to about the same level you saw in the first quarter and the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Tumazos from John Tumazos Very Independent Research. 
John Tumazos: I see that you're not staggering the 3 aluminum slab melt shops, with 1 or 2 of them to follow. Does that mean that you have a lot of customers pent up already for the aluminum rolling mill and that you're concerned that you need the raw material because it might sell out fast?
 Or is Mexico slab mill getting sequenced first because your scrap collection is very advanced in Mexico? And is there a concern that it might take a little longer to develop the scrap flow in Arizona and Mississippi? 
Mark Millett: Well, I wish it was all absolute strategic, but some of it is just luck or bad luck, John. But firstly, the satellite mills will -- or slab plants will be pretty well focused on UBC. And so the Columbus mill itself will have to produce the 5000, 6000 automotive stuff and some of the industrial stuff.
 So the Columbus mill shop, at least 1 or 2 of the furnaces will come up reasonably early. We're focused on SLP or the Mexican facility, to be honest, because that one, the property was purchased first. Everything went incredibly well. The permitting went incredibly well. And it just is in line. Our property in Arizona, to be honest, had some initial permitting, I would say, slowdown. I mean it's just a bureaucracy delay that delayed that facility by several months. 
John Tumazos: So it's fair to be lucky than smart. 
Mark Millett: I've been -- I won't tell you the language my dad used some time ago, but he called me a lucky critter, let's just put it that way. And I've been lucky all my life, and you need luck in life. So -- and the biggest luck I have is being surrounded by a phenomenal team, to be honest. So... 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks. 
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Matthew, and thank you for those that remain on the call and even greater thanks for those that support us, our shareholders. For us, hopefully, we've articulated that we have a very, very constructive near term on the markets, the start-up at Sinton and other sort of growth opportunities, the 4 lines. 
 I think what makes us even more excited, to be honest, is just a long-term competitive position. We are the -- one of the most efficient lowest-cost producers in the world. We have a very balanced, I think, product portfolio and a very balanced kind of circular manufacturing profile. So we've got a lot of pull-through volume from our downstream from fabrication and from our conversion plants.
 So -- and that amounts to about 2 million tons a year today. So the pull-through volume is very, very strong. It allows us for that -- the higher and more uniform cash generation through-cycle. I think Barry said we were at 87% utilization when the industry was at 77%. And that's been a historical norm for us. And I believe the -- our position in -- from a sustainability carbon footprint perspective is a huge, huge advantage. 
 And I don't believe everyone understands it. Our flat roll mills are reportedly and not us reporting it, but our automotive -- European automotive manufacturers are suggesting that our 2 current mills, Butler and Columbus, are likely the lowest carbon footprint of any sheet producers in the world, and Texas is going to be somewhat similar. So that's allowing us to gain huge market traction, certainly in automotive. We actually have more interest than we can support today in that arena. And if you look at the fact that we're already here and the rest of the world is spending billions and billions of dollars to get to where we are. 
 And recent discussions with a couple of different European companies suggested to us that just their conversion from blast furnace to sort of electric arc furnace and the DRI facilities. It's likely going to increase the conversion cost by $200, $250 a ton. And if you think about where that puts us on the global cost curve, we will be absolutely at the very bottom, and it's a very envious position to be.
 But most importantly, long term, we would suggest that it supports much higher through-cycle spreads. We've seen it in recent years, that's going to continue. Our earnings are going to be positively impacted by it. So incredibly excited for SDI going forward.
  for those, again, employees on the call, thank you, each and every one of you for everything you do each and every day. We can't be here doing what we do without you. And you all put in a tremendous quarter and truly sort of punctuated the positive combination of culture and technology in creating the best financial metrics of any steel company, I think, in the world.
 Thanks to our customers. Again, we can't do it without you and our service providers and everyone else, just thank you for your support. Have a great day. 
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 24, 2024, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date maybe forward-looking and predictive, specifically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting out new assets in the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel metal recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annual filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. As you saw on our release, our teams achieved a strong annual 2023 financial and operational performance. I think most gratifying was achieving our best safety year with the lowest recordable incident rate ever. I want to applaud and congratulate all the teams because that it was a monumental effort put into get it. Steel shipments were record 12.8 million tons. I think, it needs to be emphasized that we've got 3 million tons yet of additional shipping capability to leverage. We have the second best year for revenues at $18.8 billion and cash flow from operations of $3.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.7 billion. I think, the year clearly demonstrated the through cycle earnings resilience of our business model. It's manifest by a diverse value add product portfolio supported by a superior operating culture, driving world class low cost operations. I can be more pleased at Sinton. Sinton is showing significant operating improvement was EBITDA positive in December, with a clear path to profitability in the first quarter of 2024 and thereafter. We're also achieving fast paced progress on our aluminum flat rolled investments. There continues to be strong commercial support for a new and innovative supply chain solution from Steel Dynamics. So the aluminum industry is considering a well-known and highly regarded metals producer. I'm incredibly proud of the Steel Dynamics team. They're the foundation of our company and they drive our success. And to be honest, they inspire me. Feeling they were esprit de core and commitment to the SDI family during the recent holiday parties was absolutely just simply humbling. And that is why we were so focused on providing the very best for their health, safety and welfare. They're actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level, keeping it top of mind in an active conversation each and every day. As I already suggested, with that focus, the team's safety performance was a record low incident rate in 2023. Obviously, though there's more to do, we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries. So that said, I will hand it to Theresa, who will then bet the ball to Barry and then back to me to finish up. So Theresa?
Theresa Wagler : Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for being with us today. In addition to the achievements Mark just mentioned, the teams also achieved our third best year for operating income of $3.2 billion and net income of $2.5 billion or $14.64 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations and liquidity of $3.5 billion and a three year after tax return on invested capital of 32%. A truly great performance, my sincere thank you and congratulations to our entire team. As for the fourth quarter of 2023, net income was $424 million, or $2.61 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $659 million. Fourth quarter 2023 revenues of $4.2 billion, an operating income of $519 million were lower than sequential third quarter results driven by seasonally lower volume and realized steel and steel fabrication pricing. Our steel operations generated operating income of $365 million in the fourth quarter lower than sequential third quarter results due to lower realized flat rolled Steel pricing. Our steel shipments remain steady at 3.1 million tons. Our four new flat rolled coating lines have or will begin operating this quarter, increasing our higher margin value added product mix by an additional 1 million tons, making our capacity in value added and flat roll at 7 million tons on the coating lines. For the full year of 2023, operating income from our steel operations was $1.9 billion with record annual shipments of 12.8 million tons. For those of you that track our flat rolled shipments in more specificity, hot rolled coil and P&O shipments were 927,000 tons. Cold rolled shipments, 124,000 tons and coated shipments of 1,192,000 tons. For metals recycling fourth quarter operating income was $6 million due to seasonally lower volume in nonferrous metal spread compression. For the full year, operating income from our metals recycling operations was $108 million lower than prior year results based on decreased ferrous scrap pricing more than offsetting higher volume. We're the largest nonferrous and ferrous metals recycler in all of North America, recycling aluminum, copper, and other metals. The team continues to lever our circular manufacturing operating model, providing high quality, low cost scrap to our steel mills, which improves furnace efficiency and reduces company-wide working capital. Our steel fabrication operations achieved operating income of $250 million in the fourth quarter, lower than sequential third quarter results, yet historically strong due to lower pricing and seasonally lower shipments. Our steel fabrication platform had another great year in 2023 with operating income of $1.6 billion. Congratulations to the team. Our steel joists and deck demand remained solid with good order activity. Our backlog extends through the first half of 2024 and forward pricing remains strong. Infrastructure Inflation Reduction Act, the DOE decarbonization support and manufacturing onshoring are expected to support domestic fixed asset investment and related flat and long product steel consumption and related joists and deck consumption as well. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $865 million. For the full year, we achieved our second best annual cash flow of $3.5 billion. Our cash generation is consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable low cost structure. At the end of the year, we had liquidity of $3.5 billion. During 2023, we invested $1.7 billion in capital investments, of which almost 60% related to the construction of our aluminum flat rolled investments. For 2024, we believe capital investments will be in the range of $2 billion, of which approximately $1.4 billion relates to aluminum investments. During the fourth quarter, we maintained our cash dividend at $0.425 per common share after increasing at 25% in the first quarter of 2023. During the full year of 2023, we paid cash dividends of $271 million and repurchased $1.5 billion or 8% of our outstanding shares, representing a 62% net income shareholder distribution rate. The Board also authorized an additional $1.5 billion share repurchase program in November, and $1.4 billion remained available at the end of the year. Since 2017, we've increased our cash dividend per share by 174%, and we've repurchased $5.5 billion of our common stock or 37% of our outstanding shares. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy. Prioritizes high return growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complimented with the variable share of purchase program, while we remain dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit designation. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years from an annual average of $540 million to $2.8 billion. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. Our three-year after-tax return on invested capital of 32% as a testament to our profitable growth. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities, and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. We have an actionable path forward to carbon neutrality that has more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive, that then lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey, and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. Thank you for your time this morning, Barry?
Barry Schneider : Thanks, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations performed exceptionally well throughout 2023, achieving historically strong earnings. At the end of the year, our steel joists and deck order backlog was solid extending to the first half of 2024. We continued to have high expectations for the business, continued onshoring and manufacturing, coupled with infrastructure spending and fixed asset investment related to the IRA programs could continue to provide momentum for additional construction spending. Equally important, our customers tell us demand remains solid and share our optimism. Current pricing is stabilized at historically higher levels and order entry has improved. Fabrication platform provides meaningful volume support for our steel mills, critical and softer demand environments, allowing for higher through cycle steel utilization compared to our peers. It also helps mitigate the financial risk of lower steel prices. Our metals recycling operations also perform well this year, considering the challenge of declining scrap prices throughout much of 2023. The North American Geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and for our scrap generating customers. Particular our Mexican locations competitively advantage our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They will strategically support aluminum scrap procurement for our future flat rolled aluminum investments. Our metals recycling team is also partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand our scrap separation capabilities through process and technology solutions. This will help mitigate potential prime fair scrap supply issues in the future. It will also provide us with significant advantage to materially increase recycled content for our aluminum flat roll products and increase the earnings opportunities. The steel team had another strong year achieving record volume of 12.8 million tons. During 2023, the domestic steel industry operated at an estimated production utilization rate of 76%, while our steel mills operated at a rate of 93% excluding the Sinton plant. We consistently operate a higher utilization due to our value added steel product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain, and the support of our internal manufacturing businesses. This higher through cycle utilization of all our steel mills is a key competitive advantage, supporting our strong and growing cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Regarding the steel markets, steel pricing improved in the fourth quarter 2023 and into January. Customer order entry rate has been strong and lead times have been extended, while their inventory levels remained at historically low amounts. In fact, our flat wheel steel operations have experienced one of the strongest order entry environments in January, especially for our value added products. Additionally, steel imports have generally remained at a manageable level with expectations of this to continue. As Sinton and the team has achieved significant improvements in operating efficiency and consistency. They average about 65% of capability in November, December, and have been running even stronger rates here in January. We are planning for Sinton additional improvements in production after the team makes changes to certain transformers at the end of this first quarter, 2024, while we allow access to a 100% of our mill capacity versus the current 80% capacity. Additionally, the two new value added coating lines will begin operating in the first quarter, supporting increased volume and margins. Regarding the steel market environment, automotive production estimates for 2024 or estimated 16 million units, while automotive dealer inventories remain below historical norms. Non-residential construction remains solid as evidenced by the strength of shipments and backlogs at our structural rail division, and customer inventory levels are low. Additionally, onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide meaningful support to fixed asset investment in related construction oriented projects in the coming years. As for the energy market, oil and gas activity is strong, driving approved orders for OCTG and solar, those areas all grow. Looking forward, we are optimistic regarding steel demand and pricing dynamics for 2024. With that, Mark?
Mark Millett : Thanks Barry. Thanks Theresa. I think, our consistently strong through cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. As Barry mentioned, the four value add flat roll steel coating lines are starting this quarter, and Sinton should see a step function improvement hitting its stride in the second quarter of this year. Our aluminum growth strategy is especially compelling, responses from existing and new customers across all markets remain incredible, only strengthening as we move forward. Many customers have already indicated they would like to build facilities on our rolling mill site in Columbus, Mississippi, and this core location strategy provides a sustainably competitive model for all of us, conserving time, money, and reducing emissions across the supply chain and has already proven itself clearly in Sinton. The project itself was 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat rolled facility located in Columbus, Mississippi. It's going to be a state-of-the-art plant, obviously, serving the sustainable beverage and packaging both the ore body and then TAM, automotive and industrial sectors. Roughly 300,000 metric tons of Canstar, which is about 45% of the output roughly 200,000 tons of auto and 150,000 metric tons of industrial and construction products. The onsite metal cast slab capability of 600,000 metric tons will be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers located in UBC scrap rich regions, one in West, and one in Central Mexico. The expanded product scope is including additional scrap processing and treatment to maximize aluminum recycled content. Our plans are on schedule, rolling mill should be mid-'25, the Mexico slab center at the end of '24, and then Arizona slab center around mid-'25. The total project cost, as you saw in the release, including the recycled slab centers has risen to $2.7 billion. The installation cost for the rolling mill has expanded due to inflationary installation costs that we are all facing. So with virtually all equipment and construction contracts complete, we are confident in this final budget. As we've said before, 100% to be funded with cash. And the expectation is to have a through cycle annual EBITDA of around $650 million to $700 million from the [aluminum] facility with an additional $40 million to $50 million from [indiscernible]. I think we're definitely going to see superior financial metrics relative to our competition. The -- as we see it, the market environment is similar to the domestic steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago, other assets, little reinvestment, heavy legacy costs with inefficient high-cost operations. We're confident, we can emulate the performance-driven high-efficiency, low-cost model that drove our success in steel to drive superior financial metrics. Our organizational mill structure to just advanced layout and technology and our performance-driven sort of speed core culture will drive a census of around about 750 people versus typically 2,000 or more in a similar competitor out there. We will have higher yield through the system. We will leverage OmniSource's market position and their separation technologies to ensure higher recycled content. We obviously won't have the legacy burden that others have. We will have production cost efficiencies and along with the customer co-location. In the end, we also have a preferred sustainability profile. If you put it all together, we're confident that our earnings profile is going to be far superior to the industry today. We've developed the best financial metrics in the steel industry. And as I said, we have confidence we can do the same in aluminum. We're poised for continued growth. We have an additional 3 million tons, as I said earlier, have shipping capability that will be leveraged through our new processing lines, new products and new supply chains. And we are on passion by our future growth plans as they will continue to drive the high return growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. We have the highest average five year after-tax return on invested capital within the S&P 500 materials companies. In the last three years, we had an average after-tax ROIC of 32%. I'm going to say that just doesn't happen. Our disciplined, intentional organic and acquisition strategy focused on differentiated value-added supply chain solutions is providing sustainable cash generation and strong returns. I continue to be optimistic moving forward. I believe the market dynamics are in place to support increased demand across our operating platforms in 2024 and the years ahead. North America will benefit from continued onshoring and manufacturing businesses. And the U.S. will benefit from the allocation of public monies from the infrastructure program, Inflation Reduction Act and other public programs. Fuel dynamics is levered to benefit from those programs through increased steel joists and deck demand, flat and long product steel demand and the associated higher demand for recycled scrap and aluminum. In closing, there is no doubt our teams are our foundation. And I thank each of them for their passion and dedication. We're committed to them. And I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves, your families and each other is the highest priority. Our culture and business model continue to positively differentiate our performance, leading to best-in-class financial metrics. We are no longer a pure steel company, but an integrated metals business providing enhanced supply chain solutions to the industry and, in turn, mitigating volatility in cash flow generation through all market cycles. We're competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, customers, team members and shareholders alike. We look forward to creating new opportunities for everyone, today and the years ahead. So with that said, Holly, I would love for you to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Martin Englert with Seaport Research.
Martin Englert: Quick question on steel conversion. Costs were estimated around $5.30 per ton in the fourth quarter and kind of average around there for the year. Looking ahead at 1Q, taking that point of reference into account, should we expect some decline there based on the ramping of Sinton further and some better fixed cost leverage?
Theresa Wagler: As the way that the information that you guys can use to back into our conversion costs, I know it's a little difficult, but you hit the primary driver with Sinton and ramping up as significantly as we're expecting them to do in the first quarter and as they are doing right now in January already, we would expect to see that overall as you calculate it conversion costs come down absent any other factors, correct?
Martin Englert: Okay. And any goalpost as far as when we think about what that could potentially decline on a sequential basis? And I understand there might be other offsets there with substrate that's flowing kind of flowing through there as well. But.
Theresa Wagler: No, it is really hard for us to give you guidance, as you know, Martin, as it relates to the conversion costs as you're calculating it. As conversion costs really stand within the steel operations themselves, the two conversion costs are very stable. We don't expect to see a lot of movement except for Sinton again because of the additional volumes. The substrate does have an impact, as you mentioned, but we don't expect to see that mix of processing versus production be dramatically different in the first quarter.
Martin Englert: Okay. If I could one follow-up on steel fabrication in the release, you noted improved activity as well as well price backlog extending through first half of '24. On average, is the backlog price higher or lower than the fourth quarter ASP of $3,500 per ton?
Theresa Wagler: Martin, the backlog prices held in very steadily. There's not a dramatic difference. And again, we don't give specific sense to the backlog pricing for fabrication or for other operations. But the resiliency and the price, both what we're seeing now and in that backlog is very steady.
Mark Millett: I would just add, in the fourth quarter, and our belief is that the fabrication is kind of troughed in large part. But in the fourth quarter, we had the highest order input rate of the prior six quarters. So volumes are -- will turn. Obviously, you've got a little seasonality in Q1, but the expectation is things will go upward thereafter.
Martin Englert: Your comment on you believe that its trough, does that pertain to volumes or price or volumes and price?
Mark Millett: I would say that for sure, volume and pricing appears to have stabilized.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser with BNP Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: The first one is kind of a follow-up on the fabrication guidance, maybe on the volumes. If we look at the shipments you had in Q4, it's probably the lowest fab shipments we've seen in five years, and you mentioned you've seen that trough, but could you explain a little bit what is been holding you back there of late. And if we look at 2024, what kind of growth expectation do you foresee for the business? I know you provided some guidance last year on a half-on-half basis. So anything there would be helpful. That would be my first question.
Mark Millett: I guess, I would just leave it as already stated, the order input rate increased in Q4. That will flow through this year. You all have as you -- I know you appreciate sort of seasonality in this first quarter with the winter months and construction being a little inhibited by the weather. But I think we will certainly see a turn into the second quarter and through the rest of the year.
Tristan Gresser: All right. That's fair. And my second question is more on the CapEx hikes or the project budget hikes. I think you mentioned the aluminum, but I think the biocarbon project also the CapEx has been high. So what drove that? And when we look at this, let's say, $300 million budget hike versus prior, how should it be spread out between 2024 and 2025. I know you provided some insight on the budget for 2024, around $2 billion but there is a significant drop in consensus expectation into 2025. So it'd be helpful to get a sense of how much is flowing into 2025 for those projects? And also, do you -- when you look at this elevated CapEx budget for next year and your expectation for your several businesses, do you expect to be free cash flow positive for 2024?
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Tristan. So the biocarbon project hasn't increased in cost. It's stayed put. It stayed the same. It's $260 million. We did expect at one point in time to possibly get some tax credits that became unavailable once the definitions kind of became more precise from the administration. But otherwise, the capital cost of $260 million remains what we thought it would be. And that project is still online to be completed and to start before the end of 2024 which, as a reminder, is incredibly additive to our decarbonization path, and it's going to really help our customer base as you look at the carbon content across our steel operations with the benefit of using the biocarbon. So incredibly excited and the team is doing a fantastic job in Mississippi getting that up and running. So that will be spent primarily in 2024. And that $2 billion is a number that I would have given you last quarter as well. So that stayed the same for total CapEx in 2024. As it relates to the aluminum project, most of the incremental and it rounded to $200 million, but it was less than that in actuality. But most of that will be spent in 2024. So I gave you the spend for aluminum of about $1.4 billion. This year, and it would be our expectation. And then there would be a trailing, call it, $150 million to $200 million remaining to be spent in 2025 related to the aluminum projects. And so really nothing significant has changed on the capital front, except for that incremental addition in the aluminum project itself -- I'm sorry, I forgot, I had to look at my notes. You asked a lot of questions, Tristan. The last one was related to consensus for 2025. And I would just -- and free cash flow. I would just point out for everyone on the call. So for the last two years, unfortunately, Sinton has been negative from an EBITDA perspective. And Mark said on the call this morning that we will be EBITDA positive in the first quarter and thereafter, that's a significant swing in just earnings itself just as it relates to the ramp-up of Sinton. In addition to that, you have the four value-add flat roll lines that are coming online in 2024, which are significant additional opportunity for contribution to earnings on the value-added side as well as that's where the demand is today is in the painted products and the Galvalume products. And then if you couple that with the fact that we've been increasing and will continue to increase volumes in our metals recycling segment, both related to the collection of nonferrous scrap, specifically aluminum and to help service our steel mills on the ferrous side of the equation. And then finally, in 2025, we will be starting our aluminum mill, midyear is the current forecast. So that's contributing to earnings, as Mark mentioned, not we believe through cycle earnings of $650 million to $700 million. So I think everybody maybe needs to take a step back and kind of look at the opportunities that we have from an earnings perspective. And yes, we do expect to generate cash in 2024, and we expect to continue -- we plan to continue with our share repurchase program.
Mark Millett: Just one added point. Although we are disappointed with the CapEx creep there at Sinton. We are very, very confident -- I mean, sorry, sorry, in Columbus aluminum. We're confident that that's the final creep, but it has no impact to schedule. To be honest, it is going at a breadth taking place, absolutely phenomenal job by the team down there. And there's no doubt we'll be up and running midyear of '25.
Operator: The next question for today is coming from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: My question is on the aluminum project. I don't know if you could maybe give a little bit of color as to what extent have you been able to contract some of the volumes that will come online in mid-2025? And what type of pricing mechanism or structure even at just high level and on a qualitative basis, have you been able to use to implement in those contracts, if you have done so?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Carlos. The commercial team, in all honesty, has only been put together over the last, I would say, two months. They're very, very active with our customer base and all honestly, we all are at every level. And the reception is incredibly high. And I would suggest that we have total confidence that we're going to be able to support the ramp-up in '25 into '26.
Carlos De Alba: And if I may ask on the -- what is the expected ramp-up and EBITDA contribution for the four quarter lines? I mean, I think two of them will start in the first quarter.
Theresa Wagler: As far as the ramp-up, I'll let Barry address how quickly they ramp up. I would tell you from a financial perspective, the coating lines, they are in totality, all four, around $600 million and they tend to have a 2.5 to 3-year payback. So it's very nice returns.
Barry Schneider: Yes, this is Barry. I'd just like to add the teams, the personnel are in place. They've been training, building the lines. That's our culture to be part of the construction. So the teams are already very familiar with the equipment. Two of the lines have actually run first coils, one at Heartland, the paint line and a coating line down in Sinton. So that's great news. That's always exhilarating for the teams to get that point. The next two lines are in hot commissioning now, and we anticipate those running first coils in the March time frame. So the ramp-up, keep product for them, we're pretty aggressive in what we do typically, and we anticipate these will be contributing to our customers here in the near future. I envision prime sales in Q1 from the two lines that have run first coils, and we see all four of the lines making and shipping salable goods into the marketplace in Q2. So we anticipate our experience and our culture will allow these startups to be very, very seamless. And we're very responsible to our customers to make sure the product that's leaving is nothing less than the best they expect from us.
Mark Millett: When you think about the four lines or particularly the two lines in Sinton, obviously, it's going to expand our value-add sort of product portfolio down there and enhance the margin directly there. But as importantly, it will allow us to fully utilize the downstream lines. So yes, the team has done a phenomenal job on the hot side. The -- you're going to see great gains there through increased utilization. As Barry said, we're knocking on 75% utilization today in January and 80% is right around the corner. But downstream, when you take that product, you pickle it, you put it through the time mill and other lines. Having the additional what is 300,000, 400,000 tons of downstream. That's going to allow probably loading of those downstream lines and obviously a dilution of the cost structure. So it's a very, very important and effective impact to some here in the next three or four or five months.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to ask about -- I wanted to follow -up and just -- I know you mentioned that you thought volumes had hit bottom and prices were stabilizing. Do we have kind of the effect of the higher price from the -- into the fourth quarter hitting in the first quarter? Or is that more of a second quarter phenomenon? So that was my first question -- asking about costs from throughput from the hot-rolled side.
Theresa Wagler: Okay. Yes. So [indiscernible] though, you were talking about fabrication, you're actually talking about flat roll. So the -- we're operating contract business lagging, let's call it, two to three months. So the increased pricing that we saw in flat roll in the fourth quarter is going to be benefiting the first quarter from a contract perspective. And the 80% is -- it's really been pretty consistent all year for the flat roll operations. So we'll see that benefit Q1.
Timna Tanners: Okay. That's actually really helpful, but I was asking about fabrication and the throughput of flat-rolled price increases and the impact on margins on downstream. So if you could actually answer that as well, that would be great.
Theresa Wagler: Sorry, I'll get this right eventually. From a cost perspective for the substrate for fabrication, they tend to have anywhere between call it, eight to ten weeks of inventory on the ground. That's the same thing that they would have had coming into the first quarter. So you're going to see some of that incremental price hike in the first quarter but you would have seen some of it in the fourth quarter as well.
Timna Tanners: And then if I could, just one last one. I know Barry talked about and Mark talked about customer inventories being low. So I just don't understand that because I know that at least SMU actually had some really high inventories for December. So is that just not aligned with what you're seeing? Or can you help me understand why the difference of narrative there?
Barry Schneider: Well, Timna, this is Barry. I think a lot of our relationships, especially with the galvanized and the pain at are very directly with customers. So we see our supply chains still needing to fill orders at a really good rate. So the MSCI inventories still are traditionally pretty low. But more to the point or specific OEM relationships are still pulling tons from us. And when we have conversations, the lead times haven't changed at all with a vast majority of the business we do that is on these contract relationships. So I think what we're seeing out there and the nature of our inquiries make us feel like that there is a real demand out there still underneath everything we're doing.
Mark Millett: And just to add to that. I think generally, we believe we are just very, very constructive for 2024 relative to steel demand. And everyone gets a little excited by maybe a little backing off of hot-band pricing here of late. But for us, flat roll continues to be very, very solid. And maybe the macro indicators may not be overly constructive right now. The order input rate in January for us has been incredibly strong. And we would, as Barry said, suggest that supply chain inventories, not just MSCI or SMU, but just supply chain in general is relatively tight. And imports are not a material factor today and won't be. We're booked out for coated and prepayment, right? It's very, very strong for us. And I think the -- again, when you look at the -- just the hot band pricing because coated, prepaint is all very, very, very strong still. It's just like recent cycles, and its more emotion than anything else, but you get that steep climb. You have exuberance hence to overshoot the market a little bit, and it just sort of retrenches itself a little bit. And I think that's where we are today. And it's not a signal as it used to be. It's not a signal as the underlying -- the structural underlying demand because there's so little spot material transacted today. Just because you have a slight erosion in hot band price, it doesn't mean to say that that's reflective of where the demand is. So for us, demand is, as I said, very, very solid throughout our sheet mills. And I also see that long products is in a very, very solid territory. Would like to congratulate the team. They had record earnings and record volumes in 2023. They've done an incredible job. They've changed the commercial approach somewhat. They've expanded their product portfolio, and that's going to support higher through-cycle volumes going forward for the long product platform as well. So I think for us, [indiscernible] quite rosy.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Curt Woodworth with UBS.
Curtis Woodworth: Just wanted to follow-up on the fab pricing dynamic. I think at the start or maybe at the end of the first quarter of '23, you talked about pricing in the back half of the year being down 10% to 15%, and you came in down 22%. And then I think for now two quarters in a row, you have talked about price stabilization. And obviously, you mentioned the order entry getting better. So would you be willing to provide any directional color on pricing? Like should we assume that the first half -- that the backlog you've priced for the first half of this year is somewhat similar to where you were in the fourth quarter, which would be consistent with kind of what you've said in the past two quarters, that pricing has stabilized?
Mark Millett: Well, I never do well in Vegas. So I don't think that given a projection is solid projection is perhaps sorry -- perhaps right. But directionally, I do believe, again, that the underlying structural demand is there. If you look at -- literally the last 18 to 24 months, you've seen these hot band pricing cycles, and they have not been driven by demand. They've been driven by motion, whether it be the threat or the anticipation of high interest rates and inflation and recession and all these sorts of things. They've been emotional pivots as opposed to demand for us. And all we can say is that we do believe strongly that the underlying demand is going to be sustained through the year, and that should support pricing.
Curtis Woodworth: Okay. And then in terms of -- I think you noted the order entry in fab was the highest you've seen in the past six quarters, which is a pretty healthy statement. So I'm just curious, like what's driving that? A lot of the data we've seen in terms of warehouse starts is still somewhat negative. I know data centers is growing in other areas. But how do you characterize kind of the composition of your end market composition of fabrication demand today versus maybe how that looked 18 months ago.
Theresa Wagler: Here you may have additional commentary as well, but we're seeing a lot of incremental demand on the manufacturing side. We've been talking about onshoring that is actually happening, and that does have a good impact on the steel joists and deck market. We're also seeing a lot of activity in the education side as well as in the, I'll call it, pharma or health care. And then anecdotally, you have to separate warehouses from data centers. We're continuing to see really good strength in the data center arena as well. Barry, I don't know if there's anything I'm missing.
Barry Schneider: No, I'd just say that the mix is -- it's a good mix for them on the engineering side of the business to keep up with their lead times. So it -- isn't substantially different than the typical business flow that comes through it's small changes in the segments that we're serving through fabrication.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Katja Jancic with BMO.
Katja Jancic: Just quickly on the aluminum segment, you started disclosing the operating loss. Can you provide some color how we should think about the cost there over the next few quarters or how it should impact you?
Theresa Wagler: Katja, we did break out. So aluminum, because of the investment size, we will have a separate segment going forward. The -- we can't really give you projections on start-up losses. We expect them during 2024 to not be of significant size, and you will be able to see them. The one thing I'd note that you should recognize though, it's kind of an odd thing that's required from an accounting perspective, but those start-up losses actually get reflected in our SG&A amount. So if you see SG&A fluctuating, and maybe being higher than it is normally, it's because those start-up losses during construction are actually included in that line.
Katja Jancic: But is it a fair -- fair to assume that they should come up. I think in the fourth quarter, they were around $11 million? Or is that a fair assumption over the next few quarters?
Theresa Wagler: We do have a good contingent of people on the ground now. But yes, during the year because we'll be expecting to actually still start up, as Mark said, in mid-2025, you're going to be seeing headcount increase as well as additional construction activity. So yes, you should expect to see those costs rise during 2024.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Alex Hacking with Citi.
Alexander Hacking : On Sinton, how much of Sinton's output is currently being sold into Mexico, if I remember correctly, you were targeting something like 30% before that mill started up?
Barry Schneider: Yes, we've had a very good ability to move product into Mexico. We have a very established team down there that's been serviced in our Flat Roll Group for a while, but we added a warehouse capability in Monterrey. And last year, we moved about 600,000 tons into Mexico in various industries altogether. But we're very pleased with how the business is moving. We are welcoming -- being welcomed by the customer base in Mexico. And in many cases, we've had relationships and haven't had the ability to get the tons there. Sinton provides us the opportunity not just through proximity, but through the advanced product features that we have. So we have wider, we have heavier products than we would typically have. And these products are being very well received in the various industries. I would tell you that the continued near-shoring of manufacturing in the United States is very apparent with the investments we see in Mexico and the customer base there. So it continues to go along with our strategy as being a great place to do business, and we're excited about it.
Alexander Hacking: Thanks, Barry. And then just a follow-up, if I may, on the ally rolling mill. How comfortable are you with your ability to source 900,000 tons of scrap or how much you need. I'm not as familiar with the ally scrap market, but it doesn't seem like there's particularly a lot of excess scrap. And I guess like how much -- just for context, how much does OmniSource handle today, how many tons?
Barry Schneider: Great question. Obviously, I think we're advantaged by having OmniSource recycled platform because today, not only are they the largest or second largest ferrous scrap recycler that they are clearly the largest nonferrous recycler and they're recycling somewhere around 500 million pounds of aluminum. We also have a secondary aluminum operation here in Fort Wayne that we're making, I don't know, 260 million pounds or thereabouts of secondary aluminum. So we're not -- it's not a new environment for us. I think we've got a great team. We've actually hired some incredible talent to supplement our already incredible talent. And so sourcing the material is not a -- we don't believe a major issue. If you look at our strategy, there are two principal kind of scrap streams, you might say. One is for the automotive industrial base. The other is for Comstock and the UBC scrap is -- well, it's highly available in California. They're a deposit state. So there's a lot of aluminum UBC scrap generated up and down the West Coast, currently either moving to Asia or to the Midwest. And similarly, in Mexico, a sort of a UBC scrap arena, so that's why we're locating two facilities, two satellite facilities in those scrap-rich areas, like the scrap at the source, molded in the freight of then moving big solid slab versus scrap to the Midwest is at around about half the price. And so we're not only advantaging ourselves on the scrap collection side but economically on getting that aluminum to the mill.
Alexander Hacking: Okay. Just one follow-up, if I may. This is probably a really dumb question, but I assume the facility can handle primary as well, if required.
Mark Millett: We certainly will. And you don't -- because you've got 900,000 tons of just to be clear, of cash need because the yield loss through the system, and when I say yield loss, it's not what we call of loss. This appears is just sort of a circular within the mill, you still only need roughly 650,000 tons of total input, 20% of which is primary.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan.
William Peterson: Just on Sinton, I think you mentioned hitting stride in the second quarter. How should we think about utilization for the full year? If I recall correctly, I think you had expected on 80% for the full year at the last quarterly earnings call. Is that still the target? Or should we assume a bit lower?
Mark Millett: It's my target, Barry?
Barry Schneider: No. We continue to strive for 80%. We the team is doing, as Mark said, a phenomenal job. It's a big challenge of bringing such a big asset up all at once. Transporter problems have been unfortunate, but we have several fixes in the works. Approaching the problem for both resiliency is also is getting back to full power capacity. So we remain confident that the operational levels we're going to see 80% is the target the whole team is aware of. We're all incentive to make that happen.
Mark Millett: And not to complicate the math. But if you think about it in January, we're approaching 75% utilization right now, that's 75% of ultimate even though the team is handcuffed because of the lower power input. So we are quite confident to get to that 80% for the year.
William Peterson: Okay. We'll plug in 84%. No, just joking. Just on the -- I guess, things like onshore and the infrastructure bill. You said this is an expectation to benefit in 2024. I guess have you seen orders. When do you expect to see orders, should we think of this more as a second half '24 to really kind of benefit you? And then between, I guess, onshoring and infrastructure, specifically, which you've seen being more impactful for you this year?
Mark Millett: Just from a sort of a product mix, so to speak, the infrastructure growth. On the solar, it's already -- the solar has exploded. Renewables exploded last year, continues to grow dramatically. We were advantaged hugely both structural for the TOR tubes and also for flat roll for the support tubing. We're starting to see -- I don't think we can be specific on how that ramps up. But directionally, we're starting to see orders from bridge makers currently. And so that's -- the start, at least from my perspective, the start of a ramp-up in spend.
Barry Schneider: We also see in the long products, a lot of, let's call it, foundational type structural sales. And even though it's a smaller division, Steel of West Virginia is very, very full with us right now with stuff that is tangential, whether it's solar fields, the support deal that goes in the ground or fork trucks and things like that, that go into these new factories and these new warehouses and data centers. So we do see a good bounce from that. We also see the pipeline industry in the states is picking up orders some cases for carbon sequestration lines as well as some major pipelines. So those markets are awake, and we see a lot of inquiry activity that is very exciting for us ultimately.
Theresa Wagler: And just I want to encourage that there are some of you on the phone right now that may not understand that the infrastructure program and the IRA and anything related to the roads and bridges and construction, they don't really benefit long products. They benefit long products, they certainly benefit our steel & joist and deck operations. But additionally, the front roll operations have exposure to that as well, whether it's through HVAC systems or pipe and tube, like Barry just mentioned there's a lot of impact on the flat rolled side, and I would encourage you to think about that perspective as well.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from John Tumazos, a private investor.
John Tumazos : Could you give us a little feedback on the potential 2025 CapEx. And with Sinton and the four coating lines in the aluminum and the carbon projects behind us, what are some of the leading candidates for the next capital investments going forward. And in particular, could you talk about growth in recycling where aluminum, copper, zinc have much lower global recycling rates than steel, in particular.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we do have projects in mind for 2025. I'm not sure that we're prepared to go into that today. I would say from the perspective of capital spending, as I mentioned earlier on the call, aluminum will probably have a tail of somewhere between, call it, $200 million and $250 million. Our teams are consistently bringing us wonderful ideas that have high returns associated with them. Again, I'll point back to our ROIC. They do a good job of giving us those projects that have really great returns. So the number for 2025, I would say would be a minimum of probably $500 million, something like that, because you do still have some sustaining capital as well, which for us is very low at around $160 million, but there's still some benefit there. Mark, I don't know if you want to add any addition to that?
Mark Millett: [Indiscernible] The deal just to get the CapEx part, not the whole thing. But no, John -- and Theresa has just mentioned, we have an absolutely incredible team that continues to be innovative. And if you were to -- I don't know, just be with us or be with that team. It's incredible. We have a new digital planning technology that we're exploiting, again, not big dollars, but it's going to be an incredibly, incredibly high-margin niche business. We have two -- suffice it to say, two product segments that we're not in today in flat roll that we're exploring and they have a couple of innovative things there. So the pipeline in steel is still there, for sure. I think also -- and we've got to walk before we run. But in aluminum, I see that growth kind of paralleling the growth in steel, yes. We get on the front end, make the basic substrate, so to speak. And then from a processing standpoint, for instance, there's a massive, massive amount of the aluminum that gets prepaid today. That's an expertise of ours. You can see growth and expansion there. So I think you witnessed it, John, almost personally over the years and shared our history, but we've clearly demonstrated the ability to be innovative and grow. I would emphasize grow in a very disciplined, intentional manner. That's the only way you can get the return on invested capital numbers that we achieve. So both organically, but also through acquisition will continue to be opportunity there. But you will see us remain very, very disciplined, very, very intentional. We're not going to overpay for anything, and we're going to retain the best financial metrics in our industry.
John Tumazos : As we build our financial models, if in 2025, the CapEx fell to somewhere, let's just say, for discussion in the range of $500 million to $1 billion, should we be increasing the share buyback dollars from the levels of the last several years given the drop in CapEx?
Theresa Wagler: So John, we want to be super clear that we see the share buyback program is a very good tool for us to be able to use and you've seen that. So very much the dividend, we've been increasing and we increased it with increases in our structural through-cycle cash flow generation when projects come online and then we do it pretty aggressively. We want to keep that positive momentum. But then we use that share buyback program during periods of excess cash flow when we maybe have less growth in mind, but we still are very much a growth company. To Mark's point, whether that's through greenfield assets or whether that's through acquisitions. But at the same time, we have the luxury that we don't have to sacrifice the share repurchase program. We absolutely can execute on all of those things. And that's what you'll continue to see us do in 2024 and 2025, absent extraneous things.
John Tumazos : Thank you very much. I'm a happy shareholder.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question coming from Martin Englert.
Martin Englert : I appreciate the time for the follow-up. Just two quick ones here. Over the last four years, seasonal sequential 1Q gain in external steel volumes averaged about 7% quarter-on-quarter based on what you're seeing with order intake in the new year here, and then also taking into account the continued ramp in Sinton and value-added lines. Should we expect something at the core, similar on a sequential basis, around 7% and then layer in the additional volumes from ramping assets.
Theresa Wagler: Martin, we can't give directionality. Obviously, we had outages in the fourth quarter at two of our steel mills, and we won't have those in the first quarter. We've just mentioned that Sinton's going to be ramping up aggressively in the first quarter. So all in all, absent any significant market moves, you should expect to see incremental volume from our steel operations. And as Barry pointed out, with the additional value-added lines, you're going to start to see that product mix get richer and richer. So it will go more into the processing lines. You'll eventually see some really great spread enhancement throughout the year as well?
Martin Englert: What were the outages in 4Q? And assume that you mentioned it because it did have an adverse impact on volumes?
Theresa Wagler: Martin, they weren't -- they were just normal outages. We take outages at our foot roll mills and in our long product mills. They weren't anything that were -- we didn't note them as far as from a volume perspective. But yes, obviously, when you have outages that does impact volume, but there was nothing of significance to note.
Martin Englert: One last one, if I could, on the aluminum project. Based on the two cycle estimate to give implied EBITDA of around $900 to $1,000 per ton, when you were coming up with that analysis, are you able to share what you think the bottom and top quartile of profitability might look like when we think about peak to trough?
Theresa Wagler: No, Martin, we're not. We do mid-cycle through cycle. And as we get more familiar, we just -- we don't provide that type of information.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, everyone, and thank you, Holly, and thank you, everyone, on the call. I guess, as John noted, he's a happy shareholder. To be honest, everyone at SDI are happy shareholders because we all are equity holders and as part of the compensation for each and every one of us. Collectively, we do own a reasonable amount of our stock. And I would just emphasize that we treat your dollars just like they are our own. And we're absolutely focused on continuing to outstrip our competition relative to shareholder value creation through the cycle but we can't do it on our own. So any customers listening at thank you for your support. We have loyal support, and it takes us through the cycles suppliers can do it without you and got to stress. We have the best metals team in the world. Our people are absolutely phenomenal. Thank you for what you do each and every day. For those that are owners on the call as well. Thank you for your support. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the management remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 19, 2023 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date maybe forward-looking and predictive, specifically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting out new assets in the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel metal recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annual filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2023 Results. And now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being with us on our third quarter earnings call. As you saw in the release, once again, our teams achieved a solid financial and operational quarter. Almost 80% of our facilities had zero safety incidents, and our company-wide trailing 12-month incident rate is running at an all-time low. So congratulations to everyone, but more importantly, thank you for all your work to make that happen. It takes each and every one of us to get there. Cash from operations was a healthy $1.1 billion, and with the adjusted EBITDA generation of $876 million. I think this performance truly affirms the cash generation resiliency of our diversified value added product portfolio. Seeing significant momentum in our aluminum flat rolled investments, both current and prospective customers are excited by our market entry and the new and differentiated supply chain solutions we can provide. They're actually very, very surprised by the speed and completeness of our execution so far. Sinton mill has proven its nameplate production capacity rate, and full product capability, but does remain challenged by equipment reliability issues. We're confident we can resolve the majority of these issues by the year-end. Successes cannot be achieved without the best metals team in the industry. I am incredibly proud to the whole SDI family. Their passion and spirit form the foundation of our company. They drive our success and it's an honor to work among them. In fact, in this world of turmoil with the human catastrophe happening in the Ukraine, the atrocities in Israel, the suppression of the Palestinian people and even closer to home, the anger and divisiveness within America and our political structure really is inspiring to come to work each and every day and be surrounded by very, very positive people that think right, they get it, they treat people right and a focus on what we do each and every day. As such, our greatest leadership commitment is to our SDI family. Not only our colleagues that come to work, but also their partners in life and their kids. They remind our teams great financial performance of no importance without keeping everyone safe. We continue to be focused on providing the very best for the health, safety, and welfare. Today, the SDI family, when you include everyone, we have over 45,000 people that are reliant on the decisions that we make each and every day and we're focused. We truly are focused on that. Together, we're actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level, keeping safety top of mind and an active conversation. Before I continue, Theresa would you like to give us some details?
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mark. Add my sincere appreciation to our teams for a really solid performance in the third quarter. Our third quarter 2023 net income was $577 million or $3.47 per diluted share with adjusted EBITDA of $876 million. Third quarter 2023 revenues of $4.6 billion and operating income of $734 million were lower than sequential second quarter results driven by lower realized steel and steel fabrication pricing. We see solid industry fundamentals for the rest of this year and beyond, and we're focused on our continued transformational growth initiatives. Our steel operations generated operating income of $474 million in the third quarter lower than sequential second quarter results due to flat rolled steel pricing metal spray compression as realized pricing declined more than average scrap costs. Our steel shipments remain steady at 3.1 million tons, excluding the lost volume of approximately 90,000 tons related to Sinton's unplanned July outage. We expect our four new flat rolled coating lines to begin operating in the first quarter of 2024 at both Sinton and Heartland increasing our value added mix by additional 1 million tons making so that our total coating capacity will be 6.9 million tons going forward. For those that track our detailed flat rolled shipments, in the third quarter, we had hot rolled and P&O shipments of 858,000 tons; cold rolled shipments of 132,000 tons; and coated shipments of 1,202,000 tons. Operating income from our mills recycling operations was $19 million, significantly lower than second quarter results due to non-ferrous and ferrous metal spray compression. Ferrous scrap demand was also reduced as numerous domestic steel mills had maintenance outages in the quarter. We are the largest North American metals recycler, processing and consuming ferrous scrap and non-ferrous aluminum, copper, and other metals. The team continues to lever our circular manufacturing operating model, providing higher quality lower cost scrap to our still mills, which improves furnace efficiency and reduces company-wide working capital requirements.  Our steel fabrication operations achieved operating income of $330 million in the third quarter lower than sequential second quarter results, yet historically strong as average realized pricing declined 11% and volumes declined 16,000 tons. Our steel joist and deck demand remains solid with good order activity. Our backlog extends through the first quarter of 2024. The backlog has contracted from record highs experienced in 2022 as shipments have outpaced spot order activity. Forward backlog pricing remains very strong and spot pricing resilient. Based on our backlog, customer sentiment and manufacturing momentum, we expect steel fabrication earnings to remain solid in the fourth quarter, but below third quarter levels based on seasonally lower volumes. Infrastructure, Inflation Reduction Act, Department of Energy decarbonization support and manufacturing onshoring are expected to support domestic fixed asset investment in related steel and joists and deck consumption in the coming years. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and variable cost structure. During the third quarter of 2023, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion and generated $2.7 billion on a year-to-date basis. At September 30th, we achieved record liquidity of $3.7 billion inclusive of cash, liquid investments and our unsecured $1.2 billion revolver. Year-to-date of 2023 we've invested $1.1 billion in capital investments. For the fourth quarter, we estimate capital investments will be in the range of $500 million to $550 million, of which around $350 million is related to our aluminum flat rolled investments. Much of the remaining capital is related to the completion of our four new value added coded lines. In February, we increased our cash dividend 25% to $0.425 per common share. Year-to-date 2023 we've also repurchased $1.1 billion of our common stock, representing almost 6% of our outstanding shares. At September 30th, $278 million remained authorized for repurchase under our existing $1.5 billion authorized plan. Since 2017, we've increased our dividend per share by 174% and repurchase $5.2 billion of our common stock, representing over 40% of our outstanding shares. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high return growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complimented with a variable share repurchase program. We remain dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit designation at the same time. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years, generating from an annual average of $540 million to $2.6 billion today. We've placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns while maintaining investment grade metrics. Our aluminum growth strategy is consistent with this philosophy. We will readily fund our flat rolled aluminum investments with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong and responsible shareholder distributions as we've clearly demonstrated, we're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities, and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. In that regard, we remain excited about our joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint venture facility could decrease our still scope one greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 35%, and we currently expect to have the facility operating in the second half of 2024. We have an actual path toward carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey, and we're moving forward with its intention to make a positive difference. And again, before I turn the call back over to Mark, I just want to thank the teams for a great performance. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. As you saw, the steel fabrication platform continues to perform well and it turned in another solid quarter. We continue to have high expectations for the future earnings profile of this business. We believe non-residential construction markets will be strong in the coming years. Some residential starts and build rates are forecast to remain strong into 2024, and related spending has been higher in 2023 compared to the last year at this time. So political dysfunction has delayed the awarding of public monies likely into the first quarter of next year, the infrastructure spending and fixed asset investment related to the IRA programs, along with the reshoring and manufacturing should provide momentum for additional construction spending through 2024 effectively extending the construction cycle. And customer commentary has, as I talked to lot of folks out there, has confirmed our positive outlook. Deal of fabrication order backlog has certainly shortened from its historical high of over 12 months achieved in 2022, but it remains strong from a historical perspective, standing through March, 2024 with strong forward pricing. Current order entry pricing remains resilient. Not only a significant contributor unto itself, our fabrication platform provides meaningful pull-through volume for our steel mills, particularly important in softer markets, allowing for higher through cycle steel production utilization rates compared to our peers, adding to the resiliency of our through cycle cash generation. Furthermore, it provides an effective natural hedge to lower steel prices. Our metals recycling platform had a challenging quarter. Its demand from domestic steel mills softened and realized ferrous scrap prices declined. Scrap prices pulled back in the third quarter with bushing prices falling some $80 a ton. The North American geographic footprint of our metals recycling platform provides a strategic competitive advantage for our electric arc furnace steel mills, and our scrap generating customers. In particular, our Mexican locations competitively advantage our Columbus and Sinton and raw material positions. We also strategically support aluminum scrap procurement for our future flat rolled aluminum investments. Our metals team is partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through process and technological solutions, enhancing margin, increasing the availability of low residual ferrous scrap. This will mitigate prime ferrous scrap supply issues in the future. It'll also provide us with significant advantage to materially increase the recycled content for our aluminum flat rolled products and increase our earnings opportunities on that platform. Our steel operations achieve strong shipments of 3.1 million tons and solid financial results in the third quarter. Steel production utilization rate when you exclude Sinton was 90% compared to a domestic industry rate of some 76%. The higher utilization rates have been clearly demonstrated throughout all market cycles driven by the value added diversified product offerings, which are amount to 70% of our sales. And this, as Theresa mentioned, will increase further with the addition of two galvanizing and two paint lines that will be commissioned in the first quarter of 2024. Differentiated supply chain solutions driving customer preference and mitigating price volatility and support of downstream internal pull-through manufacturing volume are all contributors. Our higher through cycle utilization rate is a key differentiator and supports our strong and growing through cycle cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Looking forward, steel backlogs are strong and customer order entry is good. Customer inventories are also at historically low levels. Auto production estimates for 2023 remained around 15 million units, but obviously with the ongoing strike, the outlook for the remainder of the year is somewhat opaque. So positively, dealer inventories remain below historical norms, which will be further reduced by the ongoing strike. [Indiscernible] demand there is still strong and with tight supply, the auto build rate will likely be higher than the already anticipated 16 million unit plus for 2024. In the meantime, unfortunately, our auto direct flat rolled exposure is more concentrated toward European and Asian producers, which so far has mitigated the strike impact on our flat rolled auto volume. Although not a significant impact to overall earnings, we are seeing greater impact at our engineered bar division as their 15% -- 20% auto exposure is mostly consumed by domestic auto producers. Non-residential construction remains solid. Our long product steel backlogs are good and customer inventory levels are low. General market is estimated to be off 8% of some due to seasonality, but should rebound as infrastructure spending provides meaningful support in the first half of 2024. The turn down in residential construction seems to be abating with a depletion of available home inventory. Oil and gas activity is strong driving improved orders for OCTG products and still continues to grow at a rapid rate. In total aggregate, long product demand remains solid and in flat rolled lead times are extending. We're seeing excellent order entry. Supply chain inventory is low, and pricing is certainly in an upward trend. We certainly anticipate further meaningful strength once the strike is concluded. Turning to Sinton. After the unplanned July outage related to the caster shear, the Sinton team produced over 290,000 tons in the quarter. The mill has clearly demonstrated its production rate capability and achieving 36 heat sequence lengths, and its exceeded its hourly nameplate run rate. However, as I said, the constrained production is manifest from a low utilization rate caused principally by equipment reliability issues. That said, we expect to progressively ramp up to about 70% total run rate by the end of 2023, reaching a production of 2.4 million tons for 2024.  Despite our challenges, the team has demonstrated the key competitive advantages of the Texas steel mill. We have completed full product dimensional capability. It's proven up to one inch thick, down to 053, I do believe out to 84-inch width. Customers are reporting exceptional surface quality and the hot strip mill design has allowed for thermal mechanical rolling, allowing production of higher strength grades, tough grades with lower alloy content and thus lowering costs for those value added products. We've achieved grade 80, 100 and already been approved for some API grades. I think just generally, it affirms our technical and process choices, and there's no doubt that in my mind it's the next generation of electric arc furnace flat rolled steel technology of choice. We have gained strong market acceptance and we can sell every pound of steel we make. Our exceptional through cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and our growth investment strategies. Relative to our expansion into aluminum, as I said the responses from existing and new customers across all markets is absolutely incredible. We are developing the site. We purchased some 2,600 acres, I do believe, but we're developing it for the colocation of customers with the rolling mill as we successfully did in Sinton. We're seeing a number of customers who are already indicating strong interest in that model because it provides a sustainable, competitive model for all of us. To recap the project, the 650,000 metric ton flat rolled facility, the rolling mill will be located in Columbus, Mississippi, state-of-the-art facility, serving the sustainable beverage and packaging, automotive and industrial sectors. Approximately 300,000 metric tons will be canned, 200,000 tons auto and 150,000 industrial. We have onsite mill and cast slab capacity in Columbus of around 600,000 metric tons and the project will be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers one in central Mexico and one in Arizona to capture scrap close to its source. We'll have two cast lines, coating lines, and downstream processing and packaging lines to fully support our customer base. Startup plans are still anticipated for mid-2025 start for the rolling mill. Mexico slab center should start up late 2024, perhaps January 2025, and the Arizona slab center in the first quarter of 2025. So the project cost, including all recycled slab centers, is around $2.5 billion, 100% to be funded with cash. As we stated in the past, we expect a through cycle annual EBITDA of around about $650 million to $700 million from the aluminum portion, and the support of OmniSource will draw another $40 million to $50 million for them. I think the market from an investment premise perspective, what excites me is the market environment is very similar to the domestic steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago. The industry generally has older assets, had a tough time earning its cost of capital. There's been little reinvestment over the last 45 years. It has heavy legacy costs, tends to be inefficient in high cost operations. Again parallels the situation we saw within the steel industry 30 years ago. According that we see a definite deficiency in supply that is exists in North America. And that deficiencies expected to grow even with our and second competitor's new facility. From our perspective, it is an adjacent industry to us. It leverages our ability to design and build commission ramp up the large capital assets and operate those assets very effectively, efficiently, at low cost through our performance and incentivized innovated and very effective culture. In closing, we're excited and impassioned and we always are, and we continue to be by our future growth opportunities as they will continue to the high returning growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. Culture and business model continue to positively differentiate our performance leading to best-in-class financial metrics, allowing a balanced cash allocation strategy that has rewarded our shareholder by top-notch in class returns. We're no longer a pure steel company, but an integrated metals business providing an enhanced supply chain solutions to the industry. In return [ph], mitigating volatility and cash flow generation through all market cycles. Our teams are a foundation. I thank each and every one of them for their passion and their dedication. We're committed to them. As I remind those listening today, that safety for yourselves, your families, and for each other is the highest of priorities, but competitively position and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, our customers, team members, our shareholders alike. Thank you. Thank you for joining us again today. And Holly, we would love to turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Martin Englert at Seaport Research Partners.
Martin Englert: Hello. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Martin Englert: Within the Steel segment, steel conversion costs, which do include some substrate costs increase I think to around about 576 per ton in the quarter from 522. Is there any additional color that you can share regarding the portion of substrates, and maybe some positives and negatives when you think about these sequential change in contributions between true conversion costs and substrates, as well as if there was any material impact from the Sinton outage on that conversion cost.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Martin. It's Theresa. Great question and observation. It really didn't have anything to do with the change in substrate mix, but that can have an impact. But there's two things that I would point to. One is the fact that because Sinton didn't operate all of July, the way that you're calculating your conversion costs, that lack of volume does have a pretty significant impact. It's not that there was additional costs, the costs were pretty de minimis. It's just that lost volume affecting the denominator. It's really affecting your conversion costs on a per ton basis, a little bit on an outsized way. The second thing is that we are preparing to start the value added lines in Heartland and then Sinton will follow thereafter in the coming months. And there's some additional costs related to that as well. But nothing to point to that would be systemic of higher conversion costs going forward.
Martin Englert: Okay. So there's certainly a one-off that seemed material for the quarter and then some lingering, kind of transitory as you're working on ramping the other value added assets that will -- how long do you think that will persist for -- through the fourth quarter and then in the first quarter of next year? Any idea?
Theresa Wagler: No. So Martin, with the advent of Sinton now operating and not being a part of that outage, you're going to have that incremental volume, which is going to really make that conversion cost get back in line with what you're used to seeing. But the value added line, there is some incremental cost. It's nothing that is necessarily significant that you'll have to try to figure out for the fourth quarter. We have two of the lines coming line maybe even before the end of the year with the remaining two for the first, probably first couple months in the first quarter.
Martin Englert: Thank you for that. If I could one last one here, excluding 2020, looking at seasonality in 4Q total steel shipments, they tend to decline around 5% sequentially. Is there anything you're seeing this year that would suggest something different? And I imagine comparing the sequential with the Sinton outage and then Sinton backup probably might have an impact here on a sequential basis.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So you're spot on, Martin. We would expect to see normal seasonality within the steel operations, but as you have now Sinton ramping up and operating for the full fourth quarter, you will see some benefit from that additional volume.
Martin Englert: And you're aiming for 70% utilization on exit for the year with Sinton, correct?
Theresa Wagler: That's correct.
Martin Englert: Okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations navigating the downward market on and the continued growth investments.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks Martin.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlos de Alba at Morgan Stanley.
Carlos de Alba: Yeah. Thank you very much. Good morning. Just continue on Sinton. I wonder if you can give us a little bit of color on the EBITDA generated by the operation, and how you see that going forward.
Theresa Wagler: Martin, I'm sorry. You cut out.
David Lipschitz: Do you repeat that?
Carlos de Alba: Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Just on Sinton, given the outrage and that you experienced, but things now are ramping up nicely and you expect full production, well at least production throughout the fourth quarter. How do you see the evolution of the EBITDA generated by the company, by this -- the plant Sinton?
Theresa Wagler: Carlos, we can't give -- we won't give specific guidance on the earnings associated with Sinton. We are giving updated items on volume so that you can understand from a modeling perspective. So we would expect to see a significant improvement from the third quarter given the fact that we weren't operating all of July. But that being said, I really can't give you any guidance specific to what the EBITDA will be at Sinton.
Carlos de Alba: All right. And then just maybe one more on the fabrication business. You did mention strong forward pricing in your backlog. Is there any additional color that you can provide given, the extraordinary strong pricing that we have seen in recent quarters relative to history?
Theresa Wagler: No, that's okay. It has to do with fabrication the pricing in the backlog. So from a historical basis and even from recent 2023, the pricing in the backlog is very strong. Much higher than previous historical peaks. We've seen that be maintained the spot market, where the order activity isn't as strong as it was in 2022. It's still really good from the -- a historical basis, but that is contracting the backlog somewhat. So now it extends through the first quarter of 2024. And I think something else that we just -- I want to keep in perspective. Mark mentioned it on his opening notes, but I want to reiterate it because I think it's really important. We've been talking about the IRA monies, the Department of Energy monies, monies that are coming from the administration for public dollars. It's our estimate. And others would agree that there's likely not even 5% to 10% of that money that's been allocated or awarded yet. It's going much slower than anyone had expected and much slower than the administrative -- administration had indicated that it would. So those projects aren't benefiting the elongation of construction, steel consumption success, asset investment, steel joist, and deck demand as well. We're fully expecting, and what we're hearing from the administration and from others is that those dollars will start flowing in the first half of 2024. So right now there's a bit of a gap in funding and I think you're seeing that in the volumes, but we fully expect that to pick up and improve in 2024 and 2025.
Carlos de Alba: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Tristan Gresser at Exane BNP Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: Yes. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe the first one, following up on the fabrication. You provided some guidance back in Q2 and I now understand that the stable volume guidance half and half is no longer valued. So I was wondering if -- and it's not the first time the guidance has been cut there, so what is driving quarter after quarter that they can have cut in that weakness? And you provided some color on the sequential movements. I guess on the scale side for Q4 volumes, can you tell us a little bit more about fab. And the same question a little bit on ASP, you guided for down 10% to 15% in H2 versus H1 on the ASP front. The Q3 ASP is already down 17% versus that level. So can you help us try to calibrate the weakness in ASP we should expect in Q4, but also in Q1 because you have some visibility into that quarter as well.
Theresa Wagler: From a modeling perspective, just from a volume, I mentioned in my opening notes that we do expect to see some regular seasonality in the steel fabrication volume as well. So sequentially we would expect it to be modestly lower than what you would've seen the third quarter. But again, we're not attesting that to -- I think I addressed the consumption question when I responded to Carlos. As it relates to average pricing. Again, the backlog's very strong. If you're having seasonally lower volumes, I think it's a reasonable expectation to think pricing will be down somewhat, but we don't see it being in the same magnitude as the sequential second to third quarter, it'll be somewhat less than that.
Tristan Gresser: Alright. If I may
Mark Millett: Relative to the pricing, it's -- the market actually has been a little confounding because since mid-July, we have seen the market being very, very strong, very solid. In fact, order input rate has been great. You have a situation where people -- it was more emotional there. There's no main structural change in demand that allowed, or pushed pricing down. It was more emotion relative to the strike. Mid-September when people recognized that it's sort of already been baked into the price, when they saw that inventories are very, very, very low and the supply chain, they see that lead times are stretch -- already stretching out, that we've seen an inflection and that there is definitely an upward momentum in collaborative pricing today. It's our anticipation and the anticipation of others that there's going to be quite a market increase in pricing once there's a resolution to that strike. Looking forward, we see a very positive -- very positive constructive market environment.
Tristan Gresser: Thank you. That's very helpful. If I just have a quick follow up and this time more on the capital allocation side. I mean, given the current context, and I think you touch on and you reaffirm what are your capital allocation priorities are, can you just reiterate what you view on inorganic growth? And could you confirm that at the moment you're not interested in looking at large acquisition on the flat rolled side and that's not an area of focus and that right now a 100% of your attention is on aluminum?
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, we can't confirm that. So from a growth perspective, we're very transparent on capital allocation. Our primary focus is for high return growth, and that can be both organically and it can be transactional. We are very much focused on the aluminum strategy and that will be a priority. We are sitting with record liquidity at the end of the quarter of $3.7 billion. So we really have, I think, the luxury and we don't take it for granted, it's because of the performance of the teams, which is incredible, the luxury to be able to both invest organically, transactionally if there was something that were to fit into our long-term strategy as well as continue with the strong shareholder returns. And that at this point in time is our full intent, is to be able to accomplish that.
Tristan Gresser: All right. That's very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners at Wolfe Research.
Theresa Wagler: Hey, good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: Wanted to just ask a little bit more about Sinton. If I go back in my notes, a couple years ago you were talking about being at full capacity, 3 million tons, and now you're talking about 70%, 80%. So I'm just trying to understand, is there some reason that it's no longer expected to run full out or are you just assuming like maybe some gradual ramp up? I just want to understand that better.
Mark Millett: Yeah. No. That's fine. We probably have not done an elegant job of explaining that. The 70% is just the run rate at the end of this year, Timna. Again, we'll continue to ramp up. We expect to be 2.4 million tons total production next year, which I think is around over 80% of the 3 million. And then we'll continue to ramp up from there. There's absolutely no doubt that the plant capability can exceed the 3 million ton nameplate that we've advertised in the past.
Theresa Wagler: And I guess just to bring a little bit more clarity to that. We would expect to be operating around that full capacity by the middle of 2024, Mark's just giving a total year view.
Timna Tanners: Helpful. Okay. Thank you. One other timing question was really on the downstream lines that are going to really enrich your product mix. And in the presentation it says they're starting in the second half, but I thought I heard you saying they were contributing more in the first half. So just trying to get the cadence of when that ramps up.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. It probably should have been updated in the investor deck. I'm guessing that's what you're pointing toward. We're planning to have the Heartland paint line and the Heartland galvanizing line running first, which could be towards the end of 2023. But probably moving into that first month and a half in 2024 and then very closely thereafter, Sinton's additional paint line and galvanizing line will be starting as well still within the first quarter of 2024.
Timna Tanners: Great. Thanks. And then the last question, if I could squeeze it in is just on the CapEx guidance. I think we had -- last quarter you had talked about a number for 2024 of about 1.5 billion and just with the higher CapEx guide for Q4, we just wanted to check on if that number is still right for 2024. Thanks again.
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome, Timna. Actually, we're in the middle of planning for 2024 on the capital investment side right now. It looks like it's going to be closer to $1.8 billion to possibly $2 billion. I'll be able to put a finer point on that as we get through the first quarter, but it's primarily comprised of a little bit more on the aluminum side just from a timing perspective, not a total investment. So aluminum may be as much as $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion next year. We also have the construction and startup of the biocarbon facility, which could be as much as $150 million to $175 million. And then we have some tail to the four value added lines as well of maybe a $100 million. So I will be putting a finer point on that, but right now I'd say it's probably in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion.
Timna Tanners: Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Bill Peterson with JP Morgan.
Bill Peterson: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. We've been seeing some reports that the US and Europe are ahead of this summit tomorrow. Maybe looking at removing some of the tariffs or adjusting quotas and things like that. I guess, assuming that some of this does happen and quotas go away, how would you see this impacting the US steel market?
Mark Millett: Well, I guess we don't have the same intelligence that others have from our folks on the hill and just conversations. It really seems still up in the air. The European position and the US position are totally at odds, and not much progress has been made, but maybe you are wrong. That said, obviously the tariffs today, a lot of that has been negotiated away in only probably 25% or so of incoming, steel imports are affected by that. And obviously quotas are in place with Brazil and here and others. I would imagine that they will remain in place in some form of fashion. European tariffs maybe that is a little different, but Europe is not really a influence on our market, in all honesty. If you look at the straightforward arbitrage today between -- well, Asian pricing and European pricing, not that that attractive. We don't necessarily see a big influence there. We do feel strongly that any tariff and quota type activity will transition into some form of carbon tax on border tax. Actually, in the long run will likely be a lot more effective than the perhaps was in place today. Again, we need to remember and highlight that the principal trade constraints, the countervailing duty anti-dumping cases that were brought in 2015 went through sunset last summer and got continued. I think it's another five years. Those are legislative in nature. They won't change. They firmly, firmly, or eliminate these imports, for instance, certainly in addition with, or in concert with the kind availing duty.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for that color. Second question. So on bar volume, so you mentioned that there's some impact with the strike, but the strike really only started, I guess in late in the third quarter. So how should we think about the trajectory of volumes, assuming a bigger hit in the fourth quarter for that segment?
Mark Millett: Well, for us, we don't really see a major change in volume from an automotive perspective in the fourth quarter for us. As I mentioned in my notes, we have a large percentage of our auto book is European and Asian. They are not impacted by the strike as of now. We are -- we do have some business with Aymium and with Ford. But again, on a percentage basis, it's not going to be monumental to our book volume or earnings.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks for sharing the insights.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
David Lipschitz: Hi, John.
Unidentified Analyst: With all the great dynamics benefiting the steel business, industry-wide apparent demand looks like it's trending about 8 million tons below the average of 2017, 2018, 2019. I don't know what's normal, but I'm looking to the pre-pandemic period. Your own choice business is off 16,000 tons sequentially, and I guess 56,000 tons year-on-year. And there's no inventories in choice because they're made custom order. What are the segments that are down that are negating some of the other growth or accounting for the decline? A high rise office building with work at home with lower consumer spending, ecommerce warehouses and retail space are poor. Are there any other segments that could account for the deviations?
Mark Millett: Well, I think from a -- we got some feedback going on here, but the -- we're talking principally fabrication here. Yeah. I think it -- when -- again, all we can do John, is look through our book order book or lands, but obviously the distribution warehouse arena has come off, not stopped. It's not -- Amazon obviously came out very publicly and sort of almost holding the development because they over bill, but that's not the case with other distributors. It's still ongoing market for us. All of them is there. But I think we picked it up education, healthcare has been positive and the just manufacture -- manufacturing facilities, the battery plants, the chip plants are picking up. Not at the rate to offset, totally offset that distribution base, but nonetheless, it's picking up strongly and we would anticipate continued growth next year. Just the infrastructure, the IRA spending that certainly will bolster our order book there and give it some support.
Unidentified Analyst: In terms of the two-year decline in spot sheet prices of $1,200 from big records, how much damage do you think that's caused across consumer and distributor inventory as you know, and prices fall, people don't want to hold the hot potato.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the biggest impact is the reduced level of speculation in the supply chain. In fact, it's not a reduced level of speculation. People just don't speculate anymore. So you see people that's kind of hand in mouth. They tend to be ordering and buying on as needed basis that, that allows consistent shipping since July, mid-July, where we've seen very, very, very consistent order input rates and deliveries. Even as pricing came off the pricing this time and just as it was last year, last year with had a similar story with a very constructive outlook for 2023, which in all honesty came to fruition. The emotion last year was [indiscernible] us, we're headed for a recession and we got high interest rates, inflation, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. There was no change, no structural change in underlying demand in the fourth quarter of last year. We're seeing the same thing today. Demand is very, very solid across virtually every market sector that we have. Yet we see -- saw that softness strike related emotional. People are starting to see lead time stretch out. They're starting to see, or get a little worried. We're booked out. And essentially our order book is closed for November. And given the interest, we see for December, we haven't opened that book yet., We're not so sure we will be able to satisfy the total appetite there. So it's a positive market momentum going into 2024.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I'm a shareholder.
Mark Millett: Thank you. Stay that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Holly. And for anyone that remains on the line, I would tell you I am blessed. SDI is blessed. Each and every one of us is blessed here because we have phenomenal loyal customers. Thank you for your support today and in the future. We have great service providers. We've got a phenomenal, phenomenal team of people that come to work, as I said earlier, inspired and positive each and every day. So thank you. Thank you for those that our shareholders and those on, I would hope that you consider us because we will create better shareholder value than most folks in the years ahead. So thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 20, 2023 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. Other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date maybe forward-looking and predictive, specifically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting out new assets in the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel metal recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annual filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors and on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Second Quarter 2023 Results. And now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David and good morning everybody. Thank you for being with us on our second quarter earnings call. Once again, our teams achieved a solid financial and operational quarter. Highlights included continued safety improvement, 81% of our facilities were incident free through the quarter, our cash from operations of $808 million and EBITDA generation of $1.2 billion. We also received improved investment-grade credit ratings, providing further third-party confirmation of the strength of our business model. We are also making significant progress on our aluminum flat-rolled investments. There is great excitement within the prospective customer base for new and innovative supply chain solutions from a differentiated supplier. I am incredibly proud of our teams. They are the foundation of our company and they drive our success. Is their culture of excellence, combined with our meaningful value-added growth, diversification and supply chain positioning that is resulting in our earnings strength in all market cycles? However, as I have often said, great financial performance is of no importance without safety for our SDI family. We are focused on providing the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We are actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation. Our focus, as I said, the teams safety performance further improved in the second quarter, way ahead of industry averages. There is more to do, we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries. But before I continue, Theresa, would you like to give us some financial color.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the entire team for another strong performance. Our second quarter 2023 net income was $812 million or $4.81 per diluted share with, as Mark mentioned, EBITDA of $1.1 billion. Second quarter 2023 revenues of $5.1 billion were higher than sequential first quarter results, driven by increased realized steel selling values. Our second quarter operating income of $1.1 billion was 27% higher than first quarter results as a result of significantly expanded steel metal spread. As we discuss our business this morning, we are positive with industry fundamentals for the remainder of 2023 and beyond and we are focused toward our continued transformational growth. Our steel operations generated strong operating income of $706 million in the second quarter due to metal spread expansion and near-record shipments of 3.2 million tons. High realized pricing more than offset moderately higher scrap costs in the quarter. We realized increased pricing and metal spread across both our flat-rolled and our long product steel operations. As a reminder, we are the primary domestic steel supplier into the railroad rail market as well as a producer of all other long steel products, including structural steel, special bar quality, merchant shapes, specialty shapes and reinforcing bar with over 4.5 million tons of annual capacity. Operating income from our metals recycling operations was $40 million, consistent with sequential first quarter results due to increased shipments being offset by lower metal spreads. The team continues to lever our circular manufacturing model benefiting us by providing high-quality, lower cost scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and reduces company-wide working capital. Our Mexico recycling operations also provide a competitive advantage for reliable supply as well as for future increased scrap aluminum collection. We are the largest North American metals recycler today processing and using ferrous scrap and non-ferrous aluminum, copper and other metals. Our steel fabrication operations achieved operating income of $462 million in the second quarter lower than first quarter results, but historically strong as average pricing decreased 13% and volumes were steady. Our steel joist and deck order backlog extends into the first quarter of 2024. It has contracted from record highs experienced in 2022 as shipments have outpaced spot order activity. However, forward backlog pricing remains very strong and price  spot pricing remains very resilient. Based on our backlog, customer sentiment and manufacturing momentum, we expect steel fabrication earnings to remain strong, but slightly lower than the first half of 2023 levels for the second half of the year. Infrastructure Inflation Reduction Act, Department of Labor, decarbonization support and manufacturing onshoring are expected to support not only fixed asset investment in steel consumption, but also steel joist index demand in the coming years. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and variable cost structure. At June 30, our liquidity was $3.5 billion, inclusive of our recently renewed unsecured $1.2 billion revolver. Id like to congratulate the team. They actually refinanced revolver yesterday. So thank you to Rick and Dominic. During the second quarter of 2023, we generated cash flow from operations of $808 million and $1.5 billion for the first half of the year. During the first half, we invested $585 million in fixed asset investments. We believe capital investments for the second half of the year will be in the range of $1 billion, the vast majority relating to our aluminum flat-rolled investments and the completion of our four flat-rolled steel coating lines by the end of 2023. In February, we increased our cash dividend 25% and repurchased $734 million or 3.9% of our outstanding shares in 2023. At June 30, $606 million remained authorized for repurchase under our existing $1.5 billion program that we put in place during November of 2022. Since 2017, we have increased our cash dividend 174% and repurchased $4.8 million of our common stock, representing 39% of our outstanding shares. And recognition of our growth, strong balance sheet profile and consistent free cash flow generation capability, last month, we received upgrades, as Mark mentioned, to our investment grade credit designation from both Moodys and from S&P. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a positive base dividend thats complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while we remain dedicated to our investment-grade credit designation. We have placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that supports meaningful strategic growth strong shareholder returns and investment grade metrics. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally increased over the last 5 years from an annual average of $580 million to $2.6 billion currently. Our aluminum growth strategy is consistent with this strategy. We will readily fund our flat-rolled aluminum investments with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong and responsible shareholder distributions as we have clearly demonstrated. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy and we are dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We are committed to operating our businesses with the highest integrity. We have an actionable path towards carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than they may lay ahead for many of our industry and other peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we are moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference playing a leadership role. For those of you on the call, Id like to track the product differentiation among our flat-rolled shipments. For the second quarter, our hot-rolled shipments were 972,000 tons, our cold-rolled shipments were 149,000 tons, and our coated shipments were 1,150,000 tons. With that, I will turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. And hopefully, folks can hear us, I know its  I guess is not quite up to snuff today, so I apologize for that. But nonetheless, our steel fabrication platform turned in another strong quarter. The team continues to do an absolutely phenomenal job there, one second. Everyone apologies, but it appears that many folks cant hear us, hear the call. I would ask you to hang up and call back in and we will just pause the call for a second. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, apologies. Please remain connected. David, we will dial out to you and reconnect on your line. Ladies and gentlemen, participants please remain connected. We will reconnect the speaker line. David, we will dial out to you momentarily. Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen. We do apologize. Please remain on the line. The Steel Dynamics conference call will resume shortly. And the speaker line is now reconnected.
David Lipschitz: Sorry about that, folks. We will just continue from where you were.
Mark Millett: Well, good morning again. Apparently, I believe you heard everything thats been said, but its very, very choppy. So obviously, we will clarify things in the Q&A that perhaps you didnt hear. I was just kicking off our steel fabrication platform turned in another strong quarter. That team continues to do an absolutely phenomenal job. So thank you to each and every one of them. We continue to have high expectations for that business and we believe non-residential construction markets will continue to be strong in the coming years. Non-residential starts and build rates are forecast to remain strong through the rest of this year and into 24 and related spending has been higher in 2023 compared to last year at this time. Continued onshoring of manufacturing businesses, coupled with infrastructure spending and fixed asset investment related to the IRA programs, should provide momentum for additional construction spending and extend the whole non-residential construction cycle. Equally important, our customers tell us demand remains solid and share our perspective. Our steel fabrication order backlog has shortened from its all-time high of over 12 months achieved in 2022, but it remains very strong from a historical perspective, extending into January of 2024 with a strong pricing profile. Current order entry pricing remains resilient, and we expect second half 23 volumes to be comparable to the first half 2023 shipments. We also believe average pricing will remain elevated, but possibly drift 10% to 15% lower than average for the first half of the year. Not only a significant contributor itself, our fabrication platform provides meaningful pull-through volume for our steel mills, particularly important in softer markets, allowing for higher through-cycle utilization rates compared to our peers. It also provides an effective natural hedge to lower steel prices. Our metals recycling platform achieved a strong second quarter despite price declines. After rising in the first quarter, scrap prices pulled back May through July with shredded scrap prices falling almost $100 a ton. We expect scrap pricing to fluctuate modestly during the second half of the year, perhaps seasonally rising somewhat in the third quarter and moderating again in the fourth. Our metals recycling geographic footprint provides a strategic competitive advantage for our electric arc furnace steel mills and our scrap generating customers. In particular, our Mexican volumes competitively advantaged our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. They will also strategically support aluminum scrap procurement for our future flat-rolled aluminum investments. Our metals recycling team is partnering even more closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap segregation capabilities through process and technology solutions. This will preclude prime first scrap supply issues in the future. It will also provide margin enhancement from the aluminum scrap streams and materially increased recycled content of our aluminum sheet products. Our steel operations achieved near record shipments of 3.2 million tons and solid financial results in the second quarter. Our steel production utilization rate, excluding Sinton, was 93% compared to a domestic industry rate of 76%. Our higher utilization rates have been clearly demonstrated throughout all market cycles and is manifested by our value-added diversified product offerings, which amount to about 70% of our sales today, competitive advantage supply chain solutions, which is driving customer preference and mitigating price volatility, and the support of internal pull-through manufacturing volume. Our higher through-cycle utilization rate is a key differentiator and supports our strong and growing through-cycle cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Looking forward, backlogs are strong and the customer order entry is good. Auto production is good with expectations of higher output in 2023 relative to 2022 rates and dealer inventories have improved, but still remain below historical norms. Non-residential construction remains strong. Our long product steel backlogs are solid. Onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further meaningful support in the coming years. The turndown in residential construction seems to be abating. Oil and gas activity is strong, driving improved orders for OCTG and solar continues to grow substantially. At Sinton, the team achieved positive EBITDA for the second quarter and produced shy of 390,000 tons, which is about 52% of full capacity, which is obviously lower than we had planned. But that said, the team has done a phenomenal job to get to that EBITDA positive position. Some of that lack of utilization was being on a single electrical furnace for a portion of the quarter. As we announced on July 1, we experienced equipment issues with the cast this year. Repairs are well underway, and we should be restarting within the next few days. Once we started, we fully expect to progressively ramp up month-over-month to an 80% run rate by the end of the year. The team has demonstrated the key competitive advantages of the mill. We have four product dimensional capability. That has been proven all the way out to 84-inch down to the 057 and up to 1-inch think. Customers are reporting surface quality to be exceptional. Our strip mill design has allowed for the thermal mechanical rolling, allowing the production of higher strength grades with lower alloy content and thus lower costs. Grade 80, grade 100 have been achieved, and weve been approved on and shipped some API grades. And it affirms our technical process choices, and there is no doubt that this is the next-generation electric arc furnace flat-rolled steel technology of choice. We have gained strong market acceptance and can sell everything we make and then sell. Our exceptional through-cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies relative to our expansion into aluminum, responses from both current and new customers across all market sectors remains incredible. We are developing the mill site to co-locate processing and consuming operations as we have successfully done in Sinton, and we have a number of customers already speaking with us about such opportunities, which would be a competitive and sustainably competitive model for all of us. To recap the project. Its a 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat roll facility, which will be located in Columbus, Mississippi, right across the highway essentially from our steel mill there. State-of-the-art facility serving the sustainable beverage and packaging markets, both including body and the automotive arena and industrial sectors. Specifically, were targeting 300,000 tons of can, 200,000 tons of auto and 150,000 tons of industrial product. The on-site melt slab capacity of 600,000 metric tons will be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers. We are purchasing and we should be closing on land, both in San Luis Policy-central Mexico and also in the Southwest U.S. in the next 2 or 3 weeks. The mill includes two cash lines for automotive, coating line, downstream processing and packaging lines. We expanded the project scope to include additional scrap processing and treatment to maximize aluminum recycled content. All the principal equipment has been ordered, we anticipate rolling mill start up around mid 25. The Mexico slabs center should be January 1, the 25 and the Southwest U.S. slab center sometime in the first quarter of the 25. Total project cost, including the recycled slab centers should be $2.5 billion. 100% of that is going to be funded with cash. We expect to add $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA to the company through that investment, plus around $40 million to $50 million of additional earnings from the Omni recycling platform. And from an investment premise perspective, we just see a market environment not unlike that in the steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago. Old assets, little reinvestment, heavy legacy costs, inefficiency and high-cost operations. significant aluminum flat rolled supply deficit is existing today in North America and is expected to grow in the coming years. And we see a real business alignment whereby we can leverage our core competencies of construction strength on operational know-how and our culture to truly leverage and exploit the technology. We also will be able to leverage Omnis recyclement footprint and maximize recycled content of the product. We believe its a very, very cost-effective, high return growth for us. And again, the existing and new customer interest and support is quite unbelievable. In closing, we are excited. Were impassioned by the future growth opportunities as they will continue the high returning growth momentum weve consistently demonstrated over the years. And were celebrating our 30th year in business this August, and there are only better things to come. Our teams are our foundation, and I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication and their commitment. And we are committed to them. I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves, your families and each other is our highest priority. There is nothing more important. Our culture and business model continue to positively differentiate our performance leading to best-in-class financial metrics. As I said, I think, on the last call, were no longer a pure steel company, but an integrated metals business providing an enhanced supply chain solutions to the industry, which in turn, mitigates volatility in cash flow generation through all market cycles. Were competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, customers, team members and shareholders alike. We look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the years ahead. So with that said, Holly, we would love to hand the call over to you and start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Curt Woodworth at Credit Suisse.
Curt Woodworth: Yes, thanks. Good morning, Mark and Theresa.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Curt Woodworth: Mark, you talked about fab pricing. You said to be roughly 10% to 15% lower in the back half of the year versus the first half, which seems to put realized pricing around the $4,100 per ton level. Can you help us understand maybe the cadence of how that would shake out between 3Q and 4Q? And then you noted the backlog for fabrication is extending into 2024. Are you seeing any evidence of price stabilization at this point in terms of how the backlog is shaping up in the early part of next year.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Curt. This is Theresa. So I appreciate the question. When Mark said that the average pricing was expected to be down 10% to 15%, that was just for clarity for everyone on the call, that was measuring the first half of 2023 to the second half of 2023. So it wasnt specific to a point in time or specific to the second quarter itself. And we would say that we expect the cadence to be pretty equal from that step down in the third quarter and then stepping down a bit finally into the fourth quarter. Pricing is stable. Its been very  I think the term we keep using is resilient, and thats something that we pointed to in the past. We think there is been a structural shift in pricing for steel fabrication as there is really a lack of substitutability when you think about steel joist and deck and there is a very good demand today and we think increasing demand with the momentum behind manufacturing for all the different reasons that we pointed to this morning. The backlog has a good pricing, very strong pricing from a historical perspective. And I think that we see that heading very favorably into the first quarter. And frankly, we were just talking about it this morning, as you think about a lot of the public monies in those programs, those are being awarded, especially with the IRA and some of the Department of Labor dollars. Those are getting awarded sometime this fall kind of call it late third quarter, early fourth quarter. So that should really benefit 2024 and 2025 as you think about manufacturing and construction. And definitely, steel fabrication will benefit from that.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then in terms of the volume guidance, it seems like volumetrically youre still expecting year-on-year decline in kind of the 15% to 20% level and you noted some project delays. Can you just kind of comment on within the backlog, or I guess, projects that have been burning off? Are there certain pockets of weakness youre seeing that are greater than others. Obviously, there is been kind of a lot of talk on some of the warehouse spending dying down, but data centers and other areas seem to be really strong. So any color you can give on that would be helpful. And then just as a follow-up, can you give a comment on what you think capital spending for 2024 would be. Thank you very much.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Curt. Yes. So as it relates to the mix of the backlog and I would say more so even in the current order intake activity. We have seen  and I think its positive for the economy in general. Weve seen a more projects coming in from, whether it be education, healthcare, definitely manufacturing. So were starting to even see the electric vehicle batteries. Weve seen the chips weve seen a lot of advent and manufacturing from onshoring new things that weve talked about. So there is a mix towards those type of projects and away from just purely retail warehouses, which weve been seeing and talking about for a while now, probably 6 to 9 months. As it relates to capital spending for 2024, we expect to have capital spending for the aluminum project this year is likely to be somewhere between $900 million and $950 million in total. Next year for the aluminum project is likely to be about $1.2 billion. So when you combine that with additional growth projects as well as a minimal amount of maintenance capital. Were likely to have total capital spending in 2024 from what we can see today, still around that $1.5 billion for the year.
Curt Woodworth: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Cleveland Rueckert at UBS Securities.
Cleveland Rueckert: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just one sort of on the aluminum side. I guess just looking at your budget and sort of outlook for demand there. Recently, there is been a downturn in aluminum can demand and that industry has been, I guess, a little bit disrupted. Im wondering if thats at all concerning to you and if youve adapted your demand forecast at all.
Mark Millett: Absolutely not. We remain very, very bullish now. If you go back like a year now, perhaps the folks were projecting that demand would grow and you need four new aluminum mills. We didnt believe that then. We dont believe that now. But we certainly feel there is more space than to satisfy our market share for sure. The kind of the  sort of the pull back, I would say, is more an inventory standpoint. There is a lot of inventory people panicked a lot last year. That inventory has to flow through the system. And there is absolutely no doubt that it is doing so today. And in all honesty, when our mill comes up, I think that the marketplace is going to be in a beautiful place for us to receive product. Are you going to look longer-term, there definitely is a social change away from POC plastic bottles that will continue. Its not just beer, its water, its all fluids. And then when you look at the automotive arena, we believe and weve  with our communications with virtually all the automotive folks, they have been restrained from developing greater volumes of aluminum through the lack of availability. Were providing that availability going forward. And I think we  just as weve done in steel, we will gain market share quite rapidly. So from a market perspective, we are still very bullish that the amount of interest we have across the aluminum space is incredible. And I think I said it on our last call, in steel, weve never entered a market that is underserved. Every market weve gone into, weve had to differentiate ourselves to gain market share. Its refreshing for us that people are actually coming to us and when you combine that need with our ability to change the supply chain to provide much greater value to the customer base, I think were confident to gain that market share quite rapidly.
Theresa Wagler: Cleve, just as a quick reminder. In the last several years, they have had domestically the consumers of aluminum sheet actually had to import about 20% of their needs, and that had high tariffs associated with that imported costs. So there is definitely room for just 630,000 tons of additional supply.
Cleveland Rueckert: Good. Got it. I appreciate the confidence. And if I may just sneak in one follow-up question on Sinton. I think you had to replace a bearing on the caster. Im just wondering if youve got  I didnt hear it in the prepared remarks that maintenance work has been done and back on schedule.
Barry Schneider: Yes, this is Barry. Id just like to comment that those bearing issues we talked about at the tail end of last year, our teams mitigated most of the effects of that. We have a supply chain now that is both a more robust design and a more robust supply chain. So were really excited about the quality improvements and really the reliability of those casting segment parts. We believe our long-term plans, we kind of approached it with several different prongs. And all of them are really being successful and its to the point now that we can manage it very well and were operating at full capacity, as Marc spoke, all capabilities of the machine right now are in place. So we believe long-term, thats going to be not an issue going forward that it will just continue to be high reliability and continuing high quality.
Cleveland Rueckert: Thanks, Barry. But didnt  wasnt there an unplanned outage very recently?
Barry Schneider: Yes, that  we had a caster sheer issue just here at the beginning of July, not related to the bearing issue, perhaps as you mentioned with the casting machine. And its kind of a technical issue with the caster sheer. And suffice to say its large parts that we wanted to make sure we had put in properly and we are taking this opportunity to address a couple of other issues, but we anticipate that facility being up and operational in the next few days. Our team has done a phenomenal job for working together and getting the scope of a project. Were super excited. Mark and I were down there for moral support, definitely not getting in the way of the guys making the repairs. But great to see this team just really owning their technology and bringing it forward. So we anticipate this problem to be behind us. And we think weve put in really good things to mitigate any future failures that are similar to this.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay, got it. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser with Exane BNP Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one is maybe on the steel side. Can you tell us a little bit about the volume outlook into Q3 I noticed loan volumes were down on a year-on-year basis in Q2. So should we expect some pickup there? And with the symptom outage, how should we think, generally speaking, for steel shipments into Q3? Thats my first question. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, this is Theresa. Thanks for the question. So we  generally, we dont give guidance as it relates to specifics on shipments. And if you look historically, the third quarter is going to be generally the strongest shipment quarter. that we have in shipments for steel simply because of seasonality. Sinton is going to be down for July. We are still running the coal mill and the value add lines, which will help to place some of the lost volume. But were likely to have lost volume of anywhere between 50,000 and 70,000 tons of total steel shipments as it relates to the sheer outage in July. Other than that, we really cant give you any additional guidance, but as Mark mentioned, the backlogs across the steel platform are very strong and order activity has been very good.
Tristan Gresser: Okay. No, thats helpful. And maybe a quick follow-up just on the fabrication business. You mentioned that joist and deck spot prices have stopped falling, at which level exactly you are seeing them now.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, we cant give specific pricing related to the commercial teams would be after me. So, I think what we have said about pricing for fabrication is that the pricing has been very resilient. We have strong pricing in the backlog, but we did mention that there are expectations that pricing on average from  compared to the first half of the year, pricing on average for the second half of the year is likely to be down 10% to 15%, but we do believe pricing is stable, and its been very resilient.
Tristan Gresser: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlos De Alba at Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: Thank you very much. Good morning. So, just on pricing as well. Maybe you can provide some color even without giving those details. What we have seen in the benchmark information is how deep galvanized prices have been recently below the substrate cold-rolled coil prices, which is a little bit weird and obviously not sustainable. But can you provide some color as to whether you are also seeing that in your realized prices for these products? And one might explain the initial situation?
Mark Millett: Yes. Carlos, thanks for the question. The marketplace is a little frothy right now. I would say the recent  the most recent change here in the CRU downward here yesterday or the day before in our mind doesnt represent the market dynamics thats going on at the time.
Carlos De Alba: Alright. Okay. Thanks Mark. And then just on Sinton, I wanted to confirm that you still expect the cost of the recent outage to be around $1 million, which is pretty insignificant. And when would you expect to reach closer to 100% capacity utilization, if that is your intent or do you believe or you want to stay around 80% that you will reach towards the end of the year?
Mark Millett: Well, the  actually, the outage  the actual specific cost it was well under $1 million. It  as Barry said, the issue was just getting parts and just the size of the equipment involved, it wasnt necessarily a large expense to repair. And the second part of that, sorry. Well, again, as you saw or as you heard from our comments, we are just tempering our expectations. We have always had higher expectations. And we just believe once we get up and running here in the next few days, we were at  when we shutdown 52%, 55% or thereabouts, we are just suggesting now that month-over-month we are going to progressively ramp up to that 80% by the end of the year. And then into next year, we will continue to incrementally ramp up to full production through 24.
Carlos De Alba: Got it. So, in the second half of next year, fourth quarter next year is when you expect to get full capacity then?
Theresa Wagler: No, Carlos. I would say that Mark  what Mark said is that we are going to have kind of an even pace we expect of ramp-up in the second half of this year for 2023 to get up to that 80%. But then we will reach the 100% of capacity very quickly in 2024.
Carlos De Alba: Alright. Got it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Theresa Wagler: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Timna Tanners at Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Yes. Hey, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning Timna.
Timna Tanners: Wanted to just ask a little bit more about the cadence of added supply that you have outlined on the new coating and painting lines. Like should we start modeling contribution immediately in the third quarter? Will that be more fourth quarter and first quarter weighted? And then I have a second question. Thanks.
Barry Schneider: Timna, this is Barry. We are anticipating bringing the new coding and the galvanizing lines, paint lines on at the end of the year. But I wouldnt expect any kind of a significant contribution to shipment still going into 2024. But the lines are constructing very well. There continues to be supply chain issues with certain parts of the construction, but we are resolving those and mitigating them and moving stuff, teams are very active in manned up. So, we look forward to bringing these lines on, but it will be near the end of the year.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Helpful. Appreciate that. And then my only other question was just an update on your export activity and just how thats trending. I know you have been pretty active shipping to Mexico, just wondering if there is anything new there.
Mark Millett: From  other than a small little bit of non-ferrous, we have no export activity other than Mexico.
Barry Schneider: Yes. Timna, this is Barry again. We have been doing quite a bit of shipments into Mexico this year. Sin is uniquely  the capabilities of Sin are sitting are unique for what the Mexican markets are. So, being able to get some heavier gauge products and wider products down there has been a very good place for us to develop relationships. So, we have been down in shipping to Mexico for a long time, but significantly so in the first half of this year and we continue to do more of that, especially through our campus partners at the Sinton facility. So, we see that as a really good business and continuing to grow forward.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thanks again.
Mark Millett: We certainly capitalized a little on the AMSA situation down there. And even as they restart, and obviously, there is a lot of projections as to how quickly they restart, if they restart. But we are quite confident that the customer base there around AMSA certainly in Monclova has recognized that single sourcing is a huge mistake. And even with an arms of startup, we are going to continue to secure a lot of that business that we have and market share that we have gained.
Timna Tanners: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Peterson at JPMorgan.
Bill Peterson: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask you about the decarbonization strategy. You put some information on the about carbon initiatives. I mean you discussed the operations by early 2024, but just to confirm, I guess is the plant construction begun, or are there any other areas to prove out or technical readiness issues to address? Thats the first question.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks Bill. So, the biocarbon facility is actually going really well. The teams have done a lot of groundwork already. The major equipment is either has been ordered or is on order and some of it is actually going to be received fairly shortly. So, the team is doing a phenomenal job. I am very proud of them in Mississippi and the expectations are that it will start before the end of 2024. There is nothing left to prove as far as the product itself. There is a facility in Marquette, Michigan that Aymium operates, which is the technology provider. And we have tested the product extensively, both for injection and charge carbon. So, we dont have any expectations for anything other than a wonderful product that we can replace eventually 100% or a very large portion thereof of our anthracite usage going forward. So, everything is going really, really well.
Bill Peterson: Yes, appreciate that. And I forgot to ask what do you expect in terms of the cost on that, but compared to traditional? But I guess my second question is, as we think about this additional galvanized capacity, you have mentioned this kind of end of the year and then more contribution for next year. But I guess how is your view given that there is also another  a lot of other plant capacity coming to market? Whats the risk you might see in terms of lower prices longer term with the additional capacity from competitors in the space in and so would that kind of  and for me to wrap up?
Theresa Wagler: Let me address the cost of the bio facility and then Barry and Mark can take the galvanizing pricing question. We believe that we are still kind of fine point on it, but its likely to cost somewhere between $200 million and $230 million for the entire project. But remember, it is a joint venture that we have with Aymium. And so we have 75% ownership of the facility and Aymium has 25% of the facility.
Bill Peterson: Okay. Thanks.
Mark Millett: And relative to the concern of overcapacity in almost over the years now, perhaps I have been in the industry too long. But everyone is  it wasnt so long ago that there was going to be overcapacity in the iron ore business and its going to go down to $35 a ton. And then it was the sheet issue where I think everyone is recognizing now that with the continued shutdown of the old inefficient high-cost assets in the integrated business in the country. The desire for low-carbon products that we are not going to see a material impact to any increase in the sheet market. And I think the same with coated people are gravitating to produce their parts with more coated. I can remember cause a not so long ago, the outside skin was just galvanized and now you look at a car today and almost every single piece is galvanized. So, demand is increasing for sure. The world is getting lighter gauge galvanized so the line time of  goes up and thus the actual sort of effective throughput of the line is  lines are going down today. So, we are not overly concerned.
Bill Peterson: Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Tumazos at Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos: Thank you. In planning Sinton, you have 1.8 million tons of customers on your campus. The buy end to the distributor based in Houston, for coating lines as well as the customer opportunities in Mexico, you were describing more than the 3 million-ton capacity. As you are ramping up, how are you allocating the volume among those customers? It appears as though there is more customers and China output. What specifications have you been not yet gotten to melting and casting and rolling in terms of chemistries, gauges, widths, etcetera?
Barry Schneider: John, this is Barry. As far as product dimensions, we have explored everything that we believe we needed to do. So, we are doing light gauge to heavy stuff, full with the products. We have done many different of the metallurgical needs from vacuum degas products all the way up through the range of different steels we would make. We are minded to do automotive there, but those types of trials require us to really get an idea of what our line capabilities are. So, we are doing those. We are doing the same with the API type products. And that requires us to have confidence in the data so that we design the best products to go into trials. We do have customers in both areas taking material. So, we are doing it in a very controlled manner to make sure that again, we are understanding the unique capabilities that Sinton has. So, at this point, the broad swath of products, we have done something for almost every single thing we hope to sell. And its more about getting more data, getting more characteristics from how we produce those things. And at the same time, establishing those internal, how we process things is very important. Just this week, the ISO certification audits are going on. So, its very important that we do this as our customers expect. But right now, good progress. We are excited by it and we will look to optimize each of our units. So, we have always had a very diverse order book so that we have many small markets that we can participate in. So, we are focused on making sure that we are feeding all of the different buckets, keeping all of our lines operational as we ramp up and bring these new coating lines online. So, its a very controlled structure, and we are trying to be very respected to the customer base thats very anxious to receive these products.
Mark Millett: Yes, John, I guess we remain  this is what is happening. Hopefully, you can hear us still. But we remain incredibly excited by what we have seen in Sinton. As I have said earlier, we can sell everything we can make and a whole bunch more. We are really excited about the additional galv line and pre-paint line down there that will allow us to, as we have done at Columbus and at Butler diversify the product mix and bring even more value add to it. The energy products, the ability to thermal mechanical roll produce those higher strength grades, the high tough grades at lower cost is working incredibly well. And thats going to be a great market for us down there. And those products are value-add. It may be hot band, but you accrue a good premium for those products. And we are also seeing in the plate arena, great potential then. One of the on-site processes that you mentioned that we co-locate is a real heavy plate cutter length line. And we feel there is going to be massive opportunity there, particularly as the infrastructure growth occurs and plate is going to be a big component in that. So Sinton, its incredible. One needs to go there to really experience it. The equipment reliability issues are frustrating, but its absolutely a state-of-the-art mill. The team is excited. They will get that thing running for blast in time. And it will be the technology of choice going forward.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you. And for those still on the call, our employees, in particular, thank you for what you do each and every day. You do drive a success. We cant do things without you. Our customers, thank you for your loyal support. And our shareholders, thank you those that are invested in us. We will continue to treat your dollars just like they are our own. We are going to continue to grow them. And we have a huge bright future ahead of us, Sinton kicking in the aluminum going forward, the growth momentum continues. So, thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 20, 2023, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Schneider, President and Chief Operating Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic condition. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annual filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the internet at www.sec.gov, and is applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics reports first quarter 2023 results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. We certainly appreciate you all joining us for our first quarter earnings call today. As you read, once again our teams achieved a solid financial and operational quarter. It was highlighted by most importantly, a consecutive quarter of significant safety improvement. 82% of our facilities were incident free and most importantly, our piece of focus appears to be minimizing severity rate. We had record steel shipments of 3.3 million tons and adjusted EBITDA generation of a strong $950 million. Sinton's performance is showing improvement with a clear path to profitability in the second quarter '23 given the expectation of increased volumes. And we are also making great progress on our aluminum flat rolled investment. There's great excitement within the prospective customer base for a new and innovative supply chain solution. As always, I'm incredibly proud of our teams. They are the foundation of our company and they drive our success. It is their culture of excellence and the intentional diversification of our product portfolio that allows us to maintain higher utilization rates and maximize opportunities, resulting in higher lows and higher highs through all market cycles and producing superior financial metrics. However, for safety, great financial performance is of no import without having our team safe. Often, employees are described as a company's most important resource. But for us, for Steel Dynamics they're more than that, they're family. And now we number over 12,000 strong. We're focused to provide the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We're actively engaged in safety at all times, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation at every level of the organization. With that focus, as I mentioned, the teams safety performance further improved in the first quarter '23. But there's more to do, and we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries throughout our organization. So with that said, and before I pursue the quarter, Theresa.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, everyone. It's great to join you. I had my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the entire team for another strong operational and financial performance this quarter. Our first quarter 2023 net income was $637 million or $3.70 per diluted share, which includes costs of about $77 million, or $0.31 per diluted share associated with the startup of our Sinton Texas flat-rolled steel mill. Excluding those costs, first quarter 2023 adjusted net income was $691 million or $4.01 per diluted share. First quarter 2023 revenues of $4.9 billion were slightly higher than sequential fourth quarter results driven by record steel volume and increased metals recycling prices. Our first quarter operating income of $835 million was 10% higher than fourth quarter results driven by record steel volume. As we discussed our business this morning, we see positive industry fundamentals for 2023 and beyond, and we're focused toward a continued transformational growth initiative. Our steel operations generated strong operating income of $345 million in the first quarter. As record shipments of 3.3 million tons were partially offset by lower realized selling values. I also want to say congratulations to our structural and rail division, as they had another record earnings quarter supported by a strong construction market. Our flat-rolled steel mills were negatively impacted during the quarter with high cost pig iron that was purchased in early 2022 during the early stages of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Based on current pig iron prices, earnings were impacted by approximately $50 million in the first quarter, but we have worked through that higher priced inventory now. Operating income from more metals recycling operations was $43 over threefold fourth quarter results due to increased demand, driving higher prices and volume. Our Mexican recycling operations have proven to be a strategic key for both sourcing scrap for our southern steel mills and driving profitability. Thanks to the Zimmer and Roka teams. We appreciate you. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and by reducing companywide working capital requirements. Our steel fabrication operations achieved strong operating income in the quarter of $551 million, but lower than record fourth quarter results due primarily to seasonally lower shipments. Steel joists and deck demand remains very strong as evidenced by continued robust order activity. Specifically, our March order activity was extraordinarily strong. This is resulting in a strong order backlog extending into October and November of 2023. Based on our backlog, customer sentiment and manufacturing momentum, we expect steel fabrication earnings to remain strong throughout the year, including the second half. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable cost structure. At March 31, we had record liquidity of $3.5 billion, comprised of cash and short-term investments of $2.3 billion, and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. During the first quarter of 2023, we generated cash from operations of $734 million. We spent approximately $226 million on capital expenditures. We believe for the full-year of 2023, capital investments will be in the range of $1.5 billion, the majority of which relates to our aluminum flat-roll mill investments. In February, we increased our cash dividend 25% to $0.425 per common share. Based on our ability to consistently generate strong cash flow and aligned with our growth strategy. We also purchased $354 million of our common stock, representing approximately 2% of our outstanding shares. At March 31, $980 million remained authorized for repurchase under our new plan. Since 2017, we've increased our cash dividend per share by 174%, and we've repurchased $4.5 billion of our common stock, representing over 30% of our outstanding shares. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and the consistently strong cash flow generation capability. We continue to be optimistic and confident in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program. While we remain dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. We've strategically placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns, while maintaining investment grade metrics. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years from an annual average of $580 million to today's average of $2.6 billion. Our aluminum growth strategy is consistent with our unchanged capital allocation philosophy. We will readily fund our flat-rolled aluminum investments with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong and responsible shareholder distribution as we have clearly demonstrated. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities, and our environment. We are committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. In that regard, we will remain excited about our joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint facility could decrease our steel Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 35%. And I want to specifically thank the biocarbon solutions team in Columbus, Mississippi that are doing a fantastic job and we still hope to start operating this facility in early 2024. We have an actionable path towards carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than what may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. Before I hand the call back to Mark, for those of you that keep specific track of our flat-rolled shipments in the first quarter, we had hot-rolled and P&O shipments of 1,006,000. We had cold-rolled shipments of 132,000 and coated shipments of 1,192,000 tons. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Although there was some seasonality in shipping volume for fabrication, we saw yet another strong quarter driven by the sustained market strength and an absolutely extraordinary execution by our team. Productivity of our operations is incredible. So thank you for all for the great job you all are doing up there. We continue to have high expectations for the fabrication business. We believe non-residential construction markets will continue to be robust in the coming years. Non-residential starts and build rates are forecast to remain strong throughout '23 and related spending has been significantly higher so far in '23 compared to last year at this time. There'll be continued onshoring of manufacturing businesses and infrastructure spending programs should provide momentum for additional incremental construction spending. More real time, our customers tell us demand remains solid, as confirmed by strong order entry rates, especially the most recent March order activity. Steel fabrication order backlog as Theresa suggested, extends seven to eight months into October, November with strong pricing dynamics. Not only a significant contributor onto itself, our fabrication platform provides meaningful pull through volume for our steel mills, particularly important in softer markets, allowing for higher through-cycle utilization rates. It also provides an effective natural hedge to lower steel price. Our metals recycling platform achieved a strong first quarter. Congratulations to them. They are on a path to higher volumes and increased metal margin. After seven consecutive months of declining pricing in '22 ferrous scrap prices improved in December and throughout the first quarter. Increasing well over a $100 per gross ton. We expect scrap pricing to remain fairly steady at these higher levels based on increased seasonal North American steel mill demand in Q2 and Q3. Our metals recycling geographic footprint provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and our scrap generating customers. In particular, our growing Mexican volumes enhance our Columbus and Sinton raw material positions. It will also strategically support aluminum scrap procurement for our future flat-rolled aluminum investments. Our metals recycling team is working closely with both our steel and aluminum teams to expand scrap separation capabilities through process and technology solutions. Our low residual shred 1 is just one example of that. The impact of these efforts, along with others in the industry is demonstrated that innovation will provide ample ferrous and nonferrous scrap supply in the years ahead. Our steel operations achieved record quarterly shipments of 3.3 million tons and solid financial results in the first quarter. Steel production utilization rate excluding Sinton was 94% compared to a domestic industry rate of 75%. Our higher utilization rates are clearly demonstrated throughout all market cycles. Value-added diversified product offerings provide broad optionality across all market segments. Enhanced supply chain solutions is driving customer preference and were supported by the internal pull through manufacturing volume. Our higher through cycle utilization rate is a key differentiator and supports our strong and growing through-cycle cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Looking forward, customer order entry is good and backlogs are solid. March in particular was a very strong booking month for the steel platform. Auto is solid. Auto production is expected to increase in '23 over '22 rates and dealer inventories have improved but still remain below historical norms. Build rate in '22 was some 14.3 million units, and we expect '23 to show 15.1 and a little higher in '24. Nonresidential construction remains strong, as evidenced by strong fabrication backlog and long product steel volumes. Our long products are seasonally solid from a backlog perspective and onshoring and infrastructure spending should provide further meaningful support in the coming years. Residential construction has softened to some degree, but that erosion appears to be easing a little, but that segment tends to be a small part of our overall portfolio. Oil and gas activity is very strong, driving improved orders for OCTG and line pipe and solar continues to grow appreciably. At Sinton, we produced 420,000 tons of hot band in the quarter, which is 56% of eventual capacity. Fifth and daily records were achieved in March, clearly demonstrating the mill's ability to reach the 3 million tons. As we discussed in our first quarter call, production through the quarter was impacted by certain supply chain issues related to bearings and rolls needed for the caster. This issue has now been resolved, and we expect a significant advance in productivity and earnings in Q2 and we should see the mill being EBITDA positive in Q2 for sure. We believe full-year capacity utilization could be in the range of 80% of rated capacity. The team has clearly demonstrated the key competitive advantages of the Texas Steel Mill. Full product dimensional capability has been proven. We have gone down to 50-ish and all the way up to one inch and all the way out to 84 inch width. The customers are reporting that the surface quality is absolutely exceptional. The hot strip mill design has allowed for thermal mechanical rolling, which allows the production of higher strength grades with lower alloy content with a significant reduction in production cost. Grade 80, Grade 100 has been achieved and we've already been approved and shipped some API grades. In my mind, this affirms our technical and process choices. And there's no doubt that this is the next generation electric arc furnace flat rolled steel technology of choice. We certainly have gained strong market acceptance. Commercially, we can sell everything we make and then some. With the Caster segment issue resolved, we're able now to fully lever our heavy gauge wide capability. Our onsite customers are busy with two of them already expanding their capabilities. Our exceptional through-cycle operating financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. Relative to our expansion into aluminum, the market response from both current and new customers across our targeted market segments has been incredible. But to recap the project, that's a 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat rolled facility that will be located in Columbus, Mississippi. State-of-the-art facility serving the sustainable beverage and packaging, automotive and industrial sectors reproduces roughly 300,000 metric tons of can sheet, 200,000 metric tons of auto and 150,000 metric tons of industrial alloy. On-site melt cast slab capacity will be 600,000 metric tons, and that'll be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers, one in Central Mexico. We've already purchased the property there, and we're pursuing a Southwest U.S. site as we speak. Technology will include two cast lines, coating lines, and dense stream processing and packaging. We've expanded the project scope to include additional scrap processing and treatment to maximize aluminum recycle content. All the principal equipment is already on order, and we expect the roller mill to start up mid-'25, the Mexico Slab Center second half of '24 and the Southwest Slab Center probably the first quarter of '25. Total project cost, including the recycled slab centers is expected to be $2.5 billion, 100% to be funded with available cash and cash flow from operations. As we've said in the past, the expectation is to add somewhere between $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA for the aluminum project, plus likely $40 million to $50 million for Omni. I think it's a very, very compelling investment premise. We see a market environment not unlike that in the steel industry when we started SDI 30 years ago. It's predominantly owed assets, little reinvestment, heavy legacy costs is inefficient with high cost operations. A significant aluminum flat roll supply deficit exists in North America and is expected to grow in the coming years. There is business alignment, we can leverage our core competencies of our construction strength and operational know how and also lever Omni's recycling footprint as Omni is the largest North American aluminum scrap recycler today. SDI culture will drive high efficiency and low cost and throughout the industry, there's a very steep cost curve which is going to support margin, a very, very cost effective, high return growth initiative. We're excited and impassioned by our future growth opportunities as they will continue the high returning growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. We were added to the S&P 500 Index in '22. We are arguably one of the top five steel producers in the world as measured by market cap and the third largest in North America relative to capacity. All these achievements in a relatively short time frame. We celebrate our 30th year in our business in '23 and there are only better things to come. Our teams are our foundation and I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication and we are committed to them. And I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves, your families and each other is our highest priority. Our culture and business model continue to positively differentiate our performance, leading to best-in-class financial metrics. We're no longer a pure steel company, but an integrated metals business, providing enhanced supply chain solutions to the industry, in turn mitigating volatility and cash flow generation through all market cycles. We're competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, customers, team members and shareholders alike. And we look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the many years ahead. So, with that all said, I'd like to open the floor up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Emily Chieng from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa. Thank you for taking my questions this morning. I wanted to ask a bit about the fabrication volume expectation there and just trying to take a look at the 1Q number. It certainly was a little weaker than anticipated. You mentioned that there was some seasonality and some customer supply chain constraints there. Can you provide some color as to what they were? And how we move past this and anything you'd highlight as we look forward to the rest of the year as to what that volume trajectory could look like?
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Emily. It's a great question. And there was seasonality in the first quarter, but there was also some movement because some of the customers are experiencing supply chain constraints as it relates to construction labor and as it relates to materials. And so it's just simply pushing out orders. It's not changing the entirety of the volume itself. So the order backlog with some of these projects has actually pushed out even further than into that October, November time frame. So it's a shifting of volume, I guess is how I would phrase it. As Mark mentioned, and I mentioned in my notes as well, March was an extraordinary order entry for our steel and joists deck business. And that really is, I think a testament to the strength of that market today. And if you think about the benefits that are kind of outside of just normal construction arena, if you think about manufacturing that has momentum behind it because of the Inflation Reduction Act, because of the infrastructure program, manufacturing onshoring et cetera, we really expect our fabrication business to experience very strong volumes this year as it's supported by those extraneous additional tailwinds, if you will.
Emily Chieng: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Curt Woodworth from Credit Suisse. Your line is live.
Curt Woodworth: Thank you. Good morning, Mark and Theresa. A follow-up question on fabrication as well for me. In the past, you've talked about backlog pricing in the $5,000 per ton level. We've been hearing that price has definitely come in a lot from kind of peak levels last year. So I just wanted to get a sense for if you could comment on pricing you're seeing in the market. And then you talked about the March order entry being very good. Can you give us a sense of what the makeup of that backlog or that order entry is? And then if you give any comments on EBITDA per ton expectations?
Theresa Wagler: Curt, you're trying to be tricky. You know, we won't give EBITDA per ton, but I appreciate you trying. As it relates to the order activity, to give you a sense of it, it was well more than double the order activity that we've seen kind of in the more recent time frame, January, February, December time frame. So it was incredibly robust. And most of that activity came from what I'm going to call industrial and manufacturing related business. So I think one needs to keep in mind when people talk about nonresidential construction, I think they like to hone in on office space. And there's many other categories as it relates to what would impact steel joists and deck demand. And that's where we're seeing a lot of momentum. So that order activity for us is very much focused on those larger projects. And I think that's where the funding from those projects, a lot of the times are actually already funded. They're not bank funded, but they're project oriented funding from large corporations themselves or now there's public funding support as it relates to decarbonization efforts and the Department of Energy and the excess funds that will be coming in those arenas as well. So there's a lot of extra things, I think that will support the volume going forward. But for us, it's primarily in that industrial manufacturing base at this point in time. As it relates to pricing, the commercial teams would be very upset with me. Barry is laughing, if I were to try to give any commercial guidance at this point, I would tell you that as we've said in the past, the average price in the entirety of the order backlog is still very high from a historic perspective. It's not at the peak pricing that we saw, but it's very much aligned with what we have seen for the entirety of last year as an average.
Curt Woodworth: Okay, that's helpful.
Mark Millett: And just for clarity, when we say that the backlog isn't peak pricing, the sustained backlog, that's kind of extending out is at very, very, very good past pricing. The new pricing coming in, as you mentioned, is off a little from that for sure, but relative to a historic basis, it is way, way higher than historic norm.
Curt Woodworth: Okay, and then just a quick follow-up on Sinton, as we think about that asset running 56% utilization, but having a net loss of $70 million. We would think that given where metal spreads are today, if that asset could be 70% utilized in the second quarter, it theoretically should make a lot of money, right, but it seems like there's still some kind of lingering startup issues, and you talked about some of the supply chain constraints. So can you help us understand a little bit about maybe the earnings power of that asset later this year or any frame of reference in terms of 2Q, in terms of what you think utilization rates could look like? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Certainly. Great question. I'd say if you look at the first quarter and certainly the fourth quarter, you had -- you might say a couple of extraneous impacts from a cost perspective. We obviously have higher price pig iron coming through, given our order early last year, second quarter of last year with the Russia and Ukraine sort of crisis. So that is peeling out now through the first quarter and a little bit in April. In anticipation of early startup of the downstream lines, we bought substrate, and again, that was at higher pricing, and that had to come through the system, and that is essentially sort of out of the system today. So we were carrying that sort of burden in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, and some of it will come into the second, but it's substantially reduced. Obviously, the main principal driver is volume. Volume, volume, volume drives the successful performance of any major capital asset, and certainly a startup asset such as this. We were at 56%. And our confidence in the technology, I think at least for me, is driven by windows of absolute amazing performance. Where we've had shifts, we've had weeks. We're at 75%, 80% of capability already. If you look at sequence lengths, which we and our industry for sure is an indication of the effectiveness of the teams and the equipment. We're averaging, I think a little over 13 heats sequence. We've been as high as 22 heats, 23 heats, and each heat is whatever 200, 210 tons per heat. My mind amplifies the capability of the asset. We just have to get the reliability of all the equipment. And again, as you know, Curt, it's in line. So the melt shop, the ladle furnace, the caster, the rock and mill, the finishing mill, everything has to be running in unison. And we're getting there with the segment bearing and role issue behind us, not hindering us. I think we're looking for a sort of a step function improvement here in the next month or two.
Theresa Wagler: Just as a reminder, on through cycle basis, we still believe very strongly that sitting, when it has four of the value added lines operating, we'll have a through cycle EBITDA in the range of $450 to $500 million per year. So that outlook hasn't changed. So it is a significant benefit long-term. It's just a matter of this year.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. Thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Carlos De Alba from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Carlos De Alba: Great. Thank you. I'm just going to try it in a different way without maybe discussing the absolute levels. It is clear that the EBITDA per ton and the profitability of the fabrication business is extraordinary relative to history. It actually started based on what I've seen before the pandemic, but it exploded throughout the pandemic and it has remained at those levels. How do you see the normalization relative to say 2019 or 2017 to '19 average? Do you expect to be able to sustain a significantly higher profitability relative to that '17 to '19 average, even if it is lower than what we're experiencing today? I mean you probably understand that we're trying to figure it out what is a much more normal potential run rate of profitability in that business, just given how extraordinary the results have been? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Carlos. Thanks. I know everyone's trying to figure that out. And what I would say to that is, yes, we do believe that going forward, we're going to have -- there has been a structural shift and change in how the commercial aspect of the steel joist and deck business has materialized in the last two years, if I would say it that way. And the change is that, first of all, there's considerable volume and we believe that demand is going to stay in place for a considerable amount of time. There's limited supply. So in today's environment, and I think in the future environment, it's not so much as looking at just a product itself. But this is a highly engineered product, so it's looking at a product as well as a service. And that service is requiring time on the mill or time in the facility itself. And that has a value. And that's what now has come to the force that the customers understand there's a time element and a service element, as well as a very highly engineered product set. So we believe those are structural changes. And I think that that came to bear and was proven in the second half of 2022 when steel prices actually were being reduced pretty significantly. And we think an overcorrection. And yet we had increasing pricing within our steel joist and deck facilities themselves. So we do believe there's a structural change. I can't help you more than that. I would tell you that we expect very strong volumes this year to be comparable to last year. And I think that we've told you we've got an order backlog that goes out into October, November, and it has a significantly higher price. And that price is not too far off of what the average pricing would have been for 2022. So I think we've given you a lot of data points to hopefully help you with your estimates.
Carlos De Alba: That's great color, Theresa. Thank you very much. And if I may squeeze one more, maybe Mark, could you comment as to how you see right now obviously, that could change. But right now, how do you see the ramp up profile in terms of capacity utilization of the flat-rolled ali project?
Mark Millett: Slowly, I think the -- again, as I said earlier, I'm expecting a step function improvement in the second. I'm sorry.
Carlos De Alba: Yes, the ali, the aluminum project. Yes, Sinton you mentioned. Yes.
Mark Millett: I would suggest that it's and that's a great question in honesty, because we're wrestling with that. Ourselves right now to be honest, and trying to understand fully the -- some of the approval certification process of can sheet as opposed to auto sheet. The fact that we're creating slab ahead of time will aid that, and the fact that we have on the automotive side some very, very good relationships with two or three key auto producers that are seeking our aluminum. And I think that will accelerate that certification process. So, from the standpoint of actual ramp, it would imagine it wouldn't be too much different than you would expect for any facility. Sort of 50% for the first 12 months, 80% for the second 12 months, and then ramping up thereafter. That would be probably as good estimation as I would suggest to you.
Carlos De Alba: Great. Thank you very much, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning, everyone. Wanted to start off and ask a little bit more color on garage doors. I know you have a great position in garage doors and also on the warehousing side, if you could provide some more color on those end markets?
Mark Millett: Certainly garage door is off a little, Timna, for sure, in concert or in parallel with the residential erosion. But typically, as you see -- typically as you see the housing market come off. You see the replacement business go up. So it's not one for one, but it is off a little bit. The warehouse market. I think when you're talking about warehouse market, I'm assuming you're looking at the sort of distribution warehouse type facilities.
Timna Tanners: All right.
Mark Millett: Obviously there's been a lot of focus on the fact that Amazon overbuilt. Amazon wasn't a principal customer of ours. The other warehouse distribution organizations are not off to that same degree. That said, cloud computing pharma is very, very, very strong. And as Theresa mentioned, you're starting to see true sort of reshoring sort of industrial manufacturing growth, the Tesla's of the world, the battery facilities, that sort of thing.
Timna Tanners: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on sitting a little bit to think about the cadence of when we're going to see some of these mix shifts or improvement in the mix with the value add. So just I know you talked about the galv lines coming on, and I also wanted to think about when we might see some more inroads into auto, given your ability to make the thicker slabs and perhaps penetrate that market earlier than other Minnie mills. Can you talk a little bit more about when we should start to see, first, the galvanized capacity ramp up within sitting and also the potential for penetrating exposed auto in the next several years?
Mark Millett: We're really excited with the ramp up of the galvanizing down at Sinton. We do have to feed our paint lines right now, so we are working automotive discussions and trials into our production plants, but we're also anxious on making sure the whole plants operational. All these units starting together. We want to feed the paint line, we want to feed our broader range of customers in the galvanized. We're really excited about the capabilities that we've seen in the galv line itself, paired with our technology on the hot side. So we are excited about the surface quality especially. That was one of the big decision makers for us. And to this point, we're really excited. We have not begun actually putting material into automotive plants, but we're engaging with customers that have entrusted our future with them and they're excited they come to the shop and they see a path. So our technical teams are very much in discussions there and very much complemented with our Columbus operations that are doing the workhorse of the automotive today. So we're excited to see it, and I think it has to happen at a pace that technical people are comfortable with, so that we can -- once we earn that business, we can entrust it with them that we're going to be shipping a good product into them. And obviously, Timna, the -- my watch has gone off, sorry? My ears are such that I don't hear high pitched voices. Well, definitely voices, but any sound. So if you heard my watch alarm, I apologize. But Timna, I think the auto penetration is going as planned, though. And if you look at the strength of our business model, the strength of Sinton itself, it's a very, very, very diversified product portfolio. And we can leverage different market segments and give us greater optionality. So currently the energy is incredibly strong. OCTG market line pipe is strong, and that will continue. I think, for the rest of this year, going into the next year, particularly with the infrastructure build out. And we're seeing actually, and it's surprising us a little bit, perhaps, but the energy markets for heavy plate or heavier plate, heavier products anyway, that we produce at any of our other mills, that is something that we're starting to leverage, particularly now we've got the caster issue behind us and can go up to full 1-inch thick. So we can sort of dance and work through or work around the different market segments. To be honest, that's the strength of Sinton. It's the strength of all of our flat-rolled facilities.
Timna Tanners: If I could sneak one in on Sinton. I forgot to ask about the Mexican exports. I've been hearing, actually, that's been a big advantage for sitting in and other mills in the south. Do you think that's more sticky than taking a share from AMSA being closed, or how much do you expect that could stick, assuming AMSA restarts?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the AMSA situation certainly is aided both not just the Mexican market, but the U.S. market, because Mexican output and capability has been sort of focused or redirected squarely within the Mexican market itself. So that's helped us. I think the customer base of AMSA is when you go through a shockwave like this, you sort of reflect on your future. And I think they see a need for optionality. But even when AMSA comes back, I think we're confident, in all honesty, of maintaining a lot of that business. So it's been very fortuitous for us.
Timna Tanners: Makes sense. Okay. Thanks for the detail.
Mark Millett: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser from BNP Paribas Exane. Your line is live.
Tristan Gresser: Yes, hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. The first one, and I apologize, it's again about the fabrication outlook. You flagged that you're targeting volumes of last year. So strong volumes, is that fair then to assume a strong pickup than in volumes into Q2? And also the second part to that question is maybe on the moving pieces there for the outlook. It's also on the cost side, can you discuss a little bit the cost side there especially into Q2? I mean, we've seen flat steel prices double over the past month. The backlog is kind of locked. So anything you can say there in terms of potential cost pressure into Q2 that would be helpful.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Tristan for the question. Yes, as it relates to volume, I mean traditionally, you're always going to have your strongest construction months and project months and quarters in the second and third quarter. So we absolutely would expect to see stronger volumes in that time frame for our fabrication business, as well. As it relates to cost, we generally sometimes it changes, but we generally keep around eight weeks or so of steel on the ground for our fabrication business, uniquely, we use primarily flat rolled steels, a little bit of merchant steels in the process. So if you can kind of follow that bouncy ball with how you feel the pricing will look going forward and what's done in the recent past, and that should give you some inclination of how the metal margin will move pushing forward into the second quarter.
Tristan Gresser: All right, that's helpful. So the price increase we've seen has not been reflected at all.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, it lags about eight -- it would lag around eight to 10 weeks.
Tristan Gresser: All right.
Mark Millett: I want to emphasize the obvious here, because we all tend to sometimes focus near-term, but the New Millennium fabrication business as a whole is incredibly important, A, for pull-through volume, particularly in softer markets, as we said earlier, allowing the higher utilization rate through our steel mill. But it's also in this environment, maybe as steel pricing comes up, you get a little bit of squeeze and vice versa on the other side, opposite side. But there's a very strong natural hedge to our business here, and we've been very intentional with our growth into sort of value add, sort of diversification of our portfolio and the businesses that we grow to try and mitigate that volatility of through-cycle cash generation and not be as cyclical as we once were maintaining higher highs and higher lows, for sure.
Tristan Gresser: Okay, that makes sense. And maybe a quick follow-up on working capital, we've seen quite a good release in Q1, how would you see that evolve moving forward?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so as we talked about it, there was a lot, there was a significant amount of working capital build in 2022. Much of that was not structural. It had to do with us layering on some additional raw materials with pig iron, some additional substrate that Mark mentioned. So we have been able to work through most, if not all of that. We still expect to have some working capital give back as we head into the second quarter, as we kind of still right size some of our inventory levels, et cetera. So it may not be as significant of a benefit as you've seen in the last two quarters, but we definitely think working capital will be a funding source heading into the second quarter.
Tristan Gresser: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andreas Bokkenheuser from UBS. Your line is live.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Two quick questions for me. One on steel and one on ali. On steel, you're very obviously growing your volumes both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year, and it certainly looks to be faster than the market. So you guys seem to be capturing market share. Assuming you agree with that, can you give us a little bit of color on where specifically you're capturing market share from peers? Is it non-res? Is it autos? Is it energy, possibly all of the above. But is anything kind of standing out? And maybe also why you're able to capture that market share, obviously. And then secondly, on the ali question, obviously you're targeting automotive, among other sub-industries. Where specifically will the ali go in automotive? Is this going into auto body sheet that historically has been dominated by steel and especially steel supplied by the blast furnaces? Is that where you envision the aluminum to go? Those are my two questions. Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, for the standpoint of our increase in volumes, I would say yes, we are picking up market share. The geographic location of the Sinton, Texas plant is pivotal. Obviously, that was an underserved market. We have access into Mexico now much, much, much cheaper than any other U.S. mill to the tune of, well, we can get it down there for $40 -- $30. Yes, $30 sorry whereas if you're bringing it down from Northern Indiana, it's probably $100 plus. So there's massive geographic sort of advantage for that mill. And we're picking up, as I said, Mexican market. We're picking up energy again because of that location, OCTG and line pipe. So that is one sort of driver, the second driver, I think and I got to applaud the automotive team. They've done a phenomenal job over the last two or three years. The traction there is amazing, particularly with the European auto producers and we're favored because of our carbon footprint and our sustainability sort of profile. Our mills will be, they report, not us, but they report that our Columbus facility for instance, and our Butler facility are probably some of the lowest facilities or carbon producing facilities in the world. We're gaining a lot of market share from that. I think that those are probably the principal gains there. And then on the aluminum, firstly, there is a substantial supply deficit. That industry in can sheet and aluminum is reliant on a very, very large portion of imports today. So we would intend or believe that our low cost position, our efficiency and our commercial approach will be very, very well received and will offset A, some of those imports and B, pick up the share of growth in that industry. You mentioned kind of the steel aspect. Having aluminum in our portfolio gives us the advantage, I guess, if there is a steel decline in any one area with a pickup in aluminum, we can we can penetrate that or take advantage of that.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: That is clear. Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: Sorry, sorry, sorry, where is it going? Again, the facility is not -- in this case, unlike our start in and steel, we're not revolutionizing the technology necessarily. It's absolute state-of-the-art technology for sure. But it will have the same capability of any high class new aluminum facility in the world. So both unexposed and exposed.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Tumazos from Tumazos Independent Research. Your line is live.
John Tumazos: Thank you.
Mark Millett: Good morning, John.
John Tumazos: Congratulations on all the progress. I'm looking at your almost $1 billion of cash flow for uses in the quarter, it's just so large and formidable without Sinton at a positive EBITDA and sheet prices were a little low. The numbers are just so big. My first question is, what will you do with all the money? Would you perhaps invest more in scrap? Ferrous scrap, non-ferrous iron ore, lots of opportunities and raw materials or resources. And second, you had a $418 million deduction from cash flow for accrued expenses. I was just curious, what was such a big accrual?
Theresa Wagler: John, I'll take the last one. That's a simple one. We have a companywide profit sharing plan. That's how we provide for retirement for all of our 12,000 people. And it's simply 8% of pretax earnings. And since we had a record 2022, we were able to give all the employees $422 million in total. And that payment went out in March. So that's the reason for the significant change.
John Tumazos: So it should really be almost amortized uniformly over the quarters from the standpoint of forecasting cash flow?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Well, I mean, you could do it that way, but in actuality, it comes out in March. But, yes, you could look at it that way.
John Tumazos: The first quarter had that big deduction from it, and it was still a lot of money?
Theresa Wagler: That's correct.
Mark Millett: And actually, John, if you're within about 100 miles of any of our facilities on March the 15th, you would have heard the shout and screaming and the crying as to the amazing thing that is and it's massive, massive, massive boost to our employees. And as I tell each and every one of them, it is not a gift. Each and every one of them has earned that profit sharing check. So sorry that's profit sharing. Relative to investing our wealth, so to speak, scrap iron sort of backwardly integrating is not a primary target, certainly iron is certainly not a target at this moment in time. We will and we are looking at options for during a strategic supply of our own pig iron, a green supply, so that's ongoing but not a massive capital expenditure once we move forward with that. On the scrap side, we are spending money on segregation, different ways of cleaning up all the different scrap flows to maximize, a recycled content in the aluminum business and also to reduce the residual level of the obsolete flow again to supplant some of the prime scrap. And that's working out incredibly well, particularly when there's a good spread between obsolete and prime. Not only are you securing a flow of prime scrap, but the cost impact is very, very, very significant reduction in cost or savings. But again we are -- smaller, smaller investments in segregation there, you see us spend a few dollars expanding our scrap footprint in the Southwest, but we're not talking about anything that's going to impact the balance sheet. In all honesty, we expect that that cash flow to continue. And we will continue, I think just the same cash allocation strategy that we've had in the past with a strong balance sheet, huge liquidity, it allows us to have a balanced perspective. We'll continue to have a positive dividend profile. You saw us increase, was it 25% here earlier this year. We'll continue to repurchase our shares. We think it's still at an incredible value today, sure. We're continuing with the organic growth. We got the four coating lines going in, start up later this year. We got the aluminum project and the team for 30 years have continually found good, cost effective, high returning organic growth projects. And there's a bunch in the pipeline there. And obviously, we continue to review the sort of M&A activity as it comes across our desk. So we're very, very blessed for sure.
John Tumazos: Thank you. And congratulations.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Super, thank you. Well, again for those that are still on the call, I just want to appreciate your time today. Appreciate your support for our customers. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We can't do it without you. And to our sure, our team, each and every one of you, you do an absolutely phenomenal job each and every day. And just do one thing for us and me personally, be safe, look after each other. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 26, 2023, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annual filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and is applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics reports fourth quarter and full-year 2022 results. And now Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being with us for our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 earnings call. And as I think you saw, operationally, our teams had a very, very, very solid fourth quarter. Our New Millennium Building Systems platform generated record steel fabrication earnings, Sinton is showing significant operating improvement with a clear path to profitability in the second quarter of 2023. Our new aluminum group is making great progress on our aluminum flat-rolled investments, and I will share more details later in the call. Relative to full-year 2022, the entire Steel Dynamics delivered an exceptional performance with record sales, earnings and cash flow generation. I think it was a tremendous achievement, and Im incredibly proud of our team. They are the foundation of our company, and they are the ones that have truly driven our success over the years. It is their culture of excellence and the strategic positioning executed over the last number of years that allows us to maximize opportunities resulting in higher lows and higher highs through all market cycles. However, none of this matters without keeping our teams safe. Often, employees are described as a companys most important resource. But for Steel Dynamics, they are more than that, they are a family. And now we number over 12,000 strong. We are continually focused and provide the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We are actively engaged in safety at all times at every level, came in to top of mind and an active conversation at all levels through the organization. And with that focus, the teams safety performance improved significantly in 2022. We but there is certainly more to do as we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries. But before I add any more detail, Theresa, would you like to give us some detailed financial results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the entire team. We continue to hit new milestones throughout the company achieving record annual performance in 2022, with record revenues of $22.3 billion derived from strong product pricing and volumes across all of our operating platforms. Record operating income of $5.1 billion and net income of $3.9 million or $2.92 per diluted share, and record cash flow from operations of $4.5 billion with EBITDA of $5.5 billion. As Mark mentioned, is truly an exceptional performance. Regarding our fourth quarter 2020 results, net income was $635 million or $3.61 per diluted share which includes additional performance-based special compensation of $24 million or $0.09 per diluted share that was awarded to all nonexecutive eligible team members and recognition of their extraordinary performance and costs of approximately $168 million or $0.67 per diluted share associated with our Sinton Texas flat-rolled steel mill ramp. Our fourth quarter 2022 operating income declined 35% sequentially to $759 million due to lower realized selling values and seasonally lower shipments within our steel operations, which individually generate operating income of $178 million with shipments of 3 million tons in the fourth quarter. Our flat-rolled steel mills were negatively impacted during the quarter with high-cost pig iron that was purchased earlier in 2022 during the early stages of Russia and Beijing of Ukraine. Based on current pig iron prices of $500 per ton versus our average cost incurred in the fourth quarter, earnings were negatively impacted by about $80 million. We expect to see that continue into the first quarter and the negative impact is likely to be around $60 million as we work through all the higher price pig iron before the end of the first quarter. For the full-year 2022, operating income from our steel operations was $3.1 billion, representing the second strongest year in our history, with record annual shipments of 12.2 million tons. Fourth quarter operating income from our metals recycling operations improved to $14 million based on increased volume and metal spread expansion despite lower average selling values. For the full-year 2022, operating income from our mills recycling operations was $130 million. Due to lower volume and average selling values, our spare scrap prices fell nine out of 12 months during the year. It was sequentially lower than the record results in 2021. Our Mexican recycling operations have proven to be a strategic key for both sourcing scrap for our Southern steel mills and driving profitability. I want to say a sincere thank you to the Zimmer and Roka team. We continue to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap to our steel mills which improves furnace efficiency, lowers cost and reduces company-wide working capital needs. And once again, our steel fabrication operations achieved record quarterly operating income of $682 million as metal spreads continue to expand based on steady product pricing and lower steel input costs, which more than offset the impact of seasonally lower shipments. steel joists and deck remains solid as evidenced by our continued strong order backlog and which extends through the first half of 2023. Our steel fabrication platform also achieved another record year in 2022, with operating income of $2.4 billion eclipsing last years record of $365 million. Congratulations to the entire team, well done. This demonstrates the power of our circular manufacturing model and the natural hedge our steel fabrication business provides to steel price shifts. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion due to strong results in the release of working capital. For the full-year, we generated a record $4.5 billion, our cash generation is consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable low-cost structure. At the end of the year, we had liquidity of $3.4 billion comprised of cash and short-term investments of $2.2 billion and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. During 2022, we invested $909 million in capital investments of which over half related to ongoing construction of our four new flat-rolled coating lines and our aluminum flat-rolled mill investments. For 2023, we believe capital investments will be in the range of $1.5 billion, the majority of which relates to our aluminum flat-rolled investments and the completion of our flat-rolled coating lines. Since our last call, we also announced the location for our aluminum rolling mill as Columbus, Mississippi. Mark will share the strategy of the location later in the call. We are also incredibly pleased to have received near-term state incentives for the project, of $250 million with meaningful additional tax benefits to occur over the next 15-years. During the fourth quarter, we maintained our cash dividend of $0.34 per common share after increasing at 31% in the first quarter of 2022. We also repurchased $413 million of our common stock in the fourth quarter. For the full-year, we paid cash dividends of $237 million and repurchased $1.8 billion or 12% of our outstanding shares, representing a 53% net income shareholder distribution rate. At the end of the year, $1.3 billion remains available under our current share authorization program. Since 2017, we have increased our cash dividend per share by 119% and we have repurchased $4.2 billion of our common stock, representing 31% of our outstanding shares. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes high-return strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while we remain dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. We have strategically placed ourselves in a position of strength to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for meaningful strategic growth and strong shareholder returns while maintaining investment-grade metrics. Our free cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years from an annual average of $580 million between 2011 and 2015 to $2.6 billion today between 2018 and 2022. Our recently announced aluminum investment is consistent with our unchanged capital allocation strategy. We will readily fund our flat-rolled aluminum investment with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong and responsible shareholder distributions as we have clearly demonstrated. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we are dedicated to our people, our communities under environment. We are committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. In that regard, we are excited about our newly formed joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint facility could decrease our steel Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 35%. We have an actionable path toward carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe, considerably less expensive than may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we are moving forward with an intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. As I conclude my remarks, I know there is some of you that follow more detail of our flat-rolled shipments. So for the fourth quarter, our hot-rolled shipments were 959,000 tons, our cold-rolled shipments were 109,000 tons, and our coated shipments were 1.1 million tons. Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Well, as was mentioned, steel fabrication saw phenomenal results in the platform in the year. And again, thank you to the Penal team. I think their effectiveness and their efficiency and their output per employee exceeds anyone in the industry. So congratulations to you and thank you for all you do there. It was another record quarterly performance, and record annual operating income of $2.4 billion for the year, with record shipments of 856,000 tons. Although the macro industries remain a little mixed, we believe nonresidential construction markets are and will continue to remain strong throughout the year. Despite lower ABI indications, I believe overall architectural firms remain optimistic for 23 Dodge Momentum Index improved around about 6% in December. And nonresidential starts and build rates are also forecast to remain solid through the year. I think the continued onshoring of manufacturing businesses and the infrastructure spending programs will start kicking in that will continue to provide momentum for construction spending. More relevant, I think our customers certainly tell us demand remains solid in spite of economic uncertainty, and it is certainly confirmed by current order rates, not only in the joist and deck business but also our structural products business as well. Our steel fabrication order backlog extends through the first half of 2023, with strong pricing dynamics. And with continued solid order intake rates, we expect to see continued strong volume and performance those operations throughout 2023. And the fabrication platform is not only a significant contributor itself, but it provides significant pull-through volume for our steel mills, allowing higher through-cycle utilization rates, and it also provides a meaningful natural hedge to lower steel pricing. Our MELs recycling platform had a solid year, especially in light of the challenging pricing environment. During 2022, ferrous scrap prices declined nine out of 12 months and volumes were marginally lower. The team managed to achieve metal margins that were only $2 per gross ton lower than record 2021 results. After seven consecutive months of declining price during 2022, First scrap prices improved in December and January, and it is our expectation that pricing will continue a moderate seasonal increase during the first quarter. Our metals recycling geographic footprint provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and our scrap generating customers. In particular, our growing Mexican volumes will enhance our Columbus and symptom positions and the Zimmer and Roka acquisitions are performing very well, and integration is outstanding. Our metals recycling team continues to partner with our steel teams to expand traded scrap separation to provide more high-quality, low-residual scrap to our steel mills. The impact of these efforts, along with others in the industry, has demonstrated that innovation will provide ample scrap supply in the years ahead. Similarly, we are also exploring technologies for more effective aluminum scrap separation in anticipation of sourcing material for our upcoming aluminum flat rolled operations to maximize recycled content. Steel operations achieved record shipments in the second best annual earnings in 2022, again, outstanding performance by an outstanding team. So thank you for each and every one of you there, record shipments of 12.2 million tons, operating income of $3.1 billion. Our 2022 steel production utilization rate was 92%, excluding Sinton, compared to a domestic industry rate of 78%. And again, our higher utilization rates are clearly demonstrated throughout all market cycles. Our value-added diversified product offerings differentiated supply chain solutions provides stickiness and the support of our internal pull-through manufacturing volume has clearly demonstrated time and time again that we can maintain a higher utilization than our peers in the industry. As a key differentiator. It supports our strong and growing through-cycle cash generation capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Looking forward, customer order entry is good and backlogs are solid. In actuality, December was a historically high order intake month followed by another historic high order intake year-to-date. So we see a very, very, very solid market developing for the rest of the year. Auto production is expected to increase in 2023 from the lower 2022 rates. Dealer inventories have improved, but still remain meaningfully below historic norms. The build rate in 2022 was roughly 14.3 million units, and it is expected to grow a little to about 15%, 15.1% for 2023 and higher thereafter. Nonresidential construction remains solid as evidenced by fabrication backlog, and as I said, the long product steel volumes. Residential construction has certainly softened. It is impacting HVAC, appliance and other housing-related products, but fortunately, much of our portfolio is biased toward replacement. Oil and gas activity is driving improved orders for OCTG and line pipe and solar continues to grow. And I think generally, this market strength is clearly supporting market price appreciation and in particular, the challenges with OMS in Mexico, has certainly changed the regional sort of markets and the Mexico a stand in Mexico and the U.S. market is certainly benefiting from that. In Sinton, the downstream coating lines are running well. They are running below full capacity, though, as the rest of the mill continues to work through start-up items. The hot mill, and that is the good news, the homes turned the corner, running more consistency, approaching 65% capability month-to-date. We have been experiencing very, very long sequence lengths on the case recently up to 22 hours at a time. We are achieving days in excess of 85% capacity, and we should be around about 150,000 tons for the month of January and improving thereafter. Our current utilization is certainly being impacted by certain supply chain issues related to bearings and roles. This is specific to the casted roles in the segments. But we expect to have this resolved before the end of the first quarter, which will allow for a much stronger production for the rest of the year. Additionally, high-priced pig iron inventory is being drawn down through the quarter and the raw material input cost was normalized for Q2 through the rest of the year. While financial performance will likely be flat there in the first quarter, as we consume that high-price pig iron we expect significant events in both productivity and earnings in Q2. Mill production dimensional capabilities improving there. The hot strip mill design is certainly allowed for thermal mechanical rolling, allowing production of higher strength grades with lower alloyed content and associated alloy cost, and we have already been approved and shipped some API grades. I think experience to-date certainly affirms our technical and process choices, and there is no doubt that this is the next-generation electric arc furnace-based flat-rolled steel technology of choice going forward. We continue to grow our exceptional through cyclical operating and financial performance continues to support our cash generation and growth investment strategies. We have the four value-add flat-rolled steel coating lines under construction. These projects have gone well, and they are targeted for start-up in the second half of 2023. We have a galvanizing line and paint line going in at Sinton and similarly into Heartland, and we are seeing very good customer interest for that new volume. Currently, we are the largest domestic nonautomotive coater flat rolled steel with and annual coating capacity of over six million tons, these four new lines will increase that capacity by an additional 1.1 million tons. We have created unique supply chain solutions for our customers, which allow our downstream lines to remain always fully utilized with our highest margin products. Switching to aluminum, market response from both current and new customers across all markets has truly been incredible. To recap the project itself the 650,000 metric ton per year aluminum flat roll facility. The main mill facility will be located in Columbus, Mississippi. It is close to the Southeastern markets and well positioned to serve Mexico. It is on the KCS rail line, which connects us again to Mexico to bring slab up and material back down to Mexico and it also connects to Canada to bring primary aluminum down from the sources up there. We intentionally located it on the TVA power grid to allow supply green energy. And we have water access by the Tom Big B waterway. So the transportation structure is good for us. We attained an attractive incentive package and having our current our Columbus steel mill close by. It allows us to draw on that facility for talent or professional services, and there will be a transition or transfer of many of our folks there which will have an immediate infusion of our culture to that aluminum facility. So we are excited about that. The mill itself will have on-site melt slab capacity of roughly 600,000 metric tons and will be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers. One will be located in the Southwest U.S. and one in SLP Mexico. Both sites, we have - letters have been sent in place, and we are under due diligence, but I believe it will serve us very, very, very well. And obviously, the strategic thought there was to place the slab centers in areas of surplus scrap and the California Western market and Mexico will have an abundance of UBC material. The mill itself, again, is going to be equipped with the two cash lines, the coating line, downstream processing and packaging lines. We have actually expanded the product scope there to include additional scrap processing and treatment to maximize recycled content. It is a state-of-the-art facility, and we will be serving the sustainable beverage and packaging markets, both body and TAM, the automotive sector and industrial sectors. Breakdown would be 300,000 tons of can sheet, 200,000 tons of auto and about 150,000 tons of industrial, or the principal equipment is on order, allowing for a pretty firm startup of the mill mid-2025. We believe the Mexican slab center will start up in the second half and the Southwest U.S. slab Center early 2025. The total project cost, including the recycled slab centers has grown a little from our initial $2.2 billion estimate. The increase is somewhat associated with - now that we have truly defined the equipment costs. But we have also added scope as I said, we put in a scrap processing and treatment and segregation at both the slab centers, which has increased that number a little and today, we estimate a firm budget of about $2.5 billion. It will be 100% funded with available cash and cash flow from operations. So there is no additional debt or financial needed to push this thing forward. And we clearly expect to see about $650 million to $700 million of through-cycle annual EBITDA, with an additional $40 million to $50 million arising from our recycled Omni Source efforts. From an investment premise and we have talked about it before, but we see the aluminum market, not unlike that in the steel industry, when we started SDI some 30-years ago. It is an industry that has essentially older assets, there has been little reinvestment over the years, heavy legacy cost, there is inefficiency and sort of high-cost operations. And the advantage compared to any other steel market that we have entered is there is actually a supply side deficit. Every other market in steel has always been oversupplied, and we have had to use our culture and low-cost strategies to penetrate those markets. With aluminum, there is a clear, clear supply deficit will certainly aid the ramp-up and a very, very quick profitability of that project. Certainly business alignment, we believe it is sort of an adjacent industry, so to speak. It is going to allow us to leverage our core competencies of constructing design, constructing, ramping up very, very large capital assets. It will allow us to leverage our recycling footprint, Omni Source is the largest North American recycling of nonferrous products, including aluminum. We recycle over GBP 1.2 billion, half of that is aluminum to there. I believe we will certainly be able to infuse the project with our culture, and that will power a very low cost, very high efficiency operations. So we are very, very excited and we are certainly excited from the reception we are getting from those aluminum customers. Looking forward, we are certainly excited and passion by our future growth opportunities as they will continue the high returning growth momentum we have consistently demonstrated over the years. We were recently added to the S&P 500 Index. I feel that is a true testament to our people and to the financial strength and maturity of our company. We are arguably one of the top five steel producers in the world as measured by market cap today and the third largest in North America by capacity and we certainly have the best financial metrics of any of our peers. And all these achievements have been achieved in a relatively short time frame, and that could not be accomplished without the phenomenal commitment of our extraordinary people. Everyone has had an impact and everyone contributes each and every day. We are celebrating our 30th year in business later this year, and there are only better things to come. Our teams and the culture they create on our foundation, and I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication. And in turn, we are committed to their wealth firm, their health and their safety. And I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves and each other is our highest priority each and every day. Our success is also driven by the loyal support of our customers who have become partners and friends over the years and together, we have created many innovative supply chain solutions, creating value for all. And we look forward to providing similar value and optionality to all our new customers as we continue to expand our product offerings in the steel arena, but also in the new aluminum market that we are entering. And finally, thank you to all that have invested in us. There is a growing number that recognizing the power of our culture, the resilience of our business model and the potential outsized depreciation that are significant yet disciplined growth will return. We certainly look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us today and in the years ahead. So with that said, I would love to open the floor up or the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Emily Chieng of Goldman Sachs. Emily your line is live.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa and thank your taking my question. I would like to start with the aluminum rolling mill and what progress you have made there. Maybe curious as to how many sort of contract negotiations or discussions you have started to have with different customers. Maybe what end markets you have been targeting so far and as you think about how Steel Dynamics may ultimately disrupt this industry, are there any indications that the pricing construct that we have historically seen of this industry could change.
Mark Millett: Thank you good morning and thanks for your question. I do believe that - when one says disrupt an industry that can be taken both positively and negatively. I think from our perspective, we look at it from a very positive nature, creating optionality for the customer base, many of our existing steel customers also buy and consume aluminum and so it is great to be able to create further value for them. I do believe that our advantage and we have seen that over the last 30-years in steel, in that the power of our culture allowing us to leverage state-of-the-art equipment tends to drive very, very effective, highly efficient, low-cost operations and in any commodity any commodity market, the low-cost producer will survive and thrive and allow superior financial metrics through the cycle. And so the mill itself, the combination again of our culture, as stated on the equipment, just simply the plant layout, the high recycled content that we will enjoy the improved yield impact through the process, the low overhead cost all will combine to provide a very low cost solution and allow us to, I think, penetrate those markets quite effectively. Will that change the pricing environment? I dont think so. We will be just a partial participant initially anyway in that marketplace.
Theresa Wagler: From a progress perspective Emily, I think that Mark mentioned earlier that we do have locations that we have in mind and we are negotiating right now for both of the recycled slab facilities plus we now have a location. And so there is a lot of excitement happening in Columbus, Mississippi. Last year, we spent about just a little over $120 million on the investments going forward, just to kind of recalibrate since we do have an increased amount of $2.5 billion. In 2023, we are likely to spend somewhere between $900 million and $950 million in capital, in 2024, $1.2 billion, with the remaining $200 million to $300 million during the startup year of 2025. So the teams are pushing forward very quickly.
Emily Chieng: All right. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Carlos de Alba of Morgan Stanley. Carlos your line is live.
Carlos De Alba: Thank you very much Mark and Theresa. So on capacity, I would like to discuss capacity utilization, both for the industry, the company as well as the expected ramp-up of the fourth value-added current lines. So you guys have been running as you described in earlier comments at a higher capacity the decision in the industry. But now the industry in the U.S. is running around just slightly above 70%, 75%. How long can this persist, do you think, given that prices are increasing, supply discipline has been there so far. But there are some folks out there that are doing as well as you clearly by the numbers that you have posted. So how do you see the situation evolving Mark perhaps on these? And then in Mark, how do you see the ramp-up - the expected ramp-up of the capacity utilization of the four value-added lines. You mentioned that you see 80% in 2023 for Sinton, but any color on the fourth order lines would be great.
Mark Millett: Thank you Carlos, you were like a machine gun there. So Im not so sure I got all your questions. I think from a ramp-up, I will work backwards, but from the ramp-up of the coating lines, those will be, I think, very, very, very strong. Obviously, we have many, many galvanizing lines, prepaint lines throughout the company, and we will harness all our technical resources there to get those lines up quickly. We certainly have the substrate available to fully load those lines. So I think the ramp up, again, those lines of start up at second half, perhaps fourth quarter and will ramp up quite quickly through the rest of the year into the following year.
Theresa Wagler: As it relates to the first part of your question, Carlos, around utilization for the industry. I would point out that even if you go back to more challenging times like 2015, et cetera, our utilization still remained very high, and that is because of the power of our pull-through volume, which we would anticipate as well. But we are really optimistic for 2023 with the additional on shoring of manufacturing businesses, which you are seeing in reality as well as with the infrastructure program and other investment opportunities. We think that steel demand in the U.S. will continue to stay steady to potentially increasing as well as the trade benefits of melting and casting in the U.S. for the U.S. producer. So yes, flat-rolled prices specifically have improved recently, which we think that they should have. We dont think that, that is going to have a negative impact. We think that will be a positive impact, and we think both industry utilization rates and ours specifically, should remain steady to improving in 2023.
Carlos De Alba: All right. Great. Thank you very much Mark and Theresa. Im sorry Mark I will slowdown next time.
Operator: Thank you very much. Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners of Wolfe Research. Timna your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey good morning guys. I wanted to ask about the downstream, the fabricate segment please. Just a little clarity, if you could, on the guidance. As I understand it, you talked about some slippage from very high levels, but still above historical levels. But historically, EBITDA per ton prior to 2022 is $190 a ton, and 2022 is $2,850. Im just wondering if you could provide a little more color on where we should fall between those two extremes. And maybe if you could, it would be helpful. I know Nucor mentioned a year-over-year comparison? Or if there is anything that you can provide a little more clarity on that, that would be great.
Mark Millett: I think one has to recognize that the industry has gone through quite a consolidation comparing it to some years ago and that has allowed sort of market strength or strong market pricing compared to history, and that will continue. The year as it is unfolding, we are entering the year with an absolute solid backlog through the middle of the year for sure. The order input rate is indeed off the kind of the frenetic crazy pace that it was 12-months ago. But it is very, very, very solid, and we believe that it is going to be a very, very good year for us at year-end. And I believe there is some concern maybe as I said earlier, the macro indices may not look as rosy as some would think. And some believe that there is economic uncertainty out there, as I hopefully articulated, we dont see the gloom and doom that everyone else is seeing it. Our order input rates across all our sectors with the 1 exception, a little off on residential is solid. And our December bookings record level on a historic basis similarly year-to-date. So we just see strength through the year through our lands through our order book.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Mark, does that strength on volumes, strengthen prices into margins I mean do you expect year-over-year to be up and just like Im saying it is a big gap. I get that it will be higher than it is been historically, but any color on if we should expect some continuation of what we saw in 2022?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the steel space will -- I know Im saying that the steel space will appreciate from the lows. Obviously, we are seeing the hot-band pricing off the market pricing of 650 and it is up away over 700. In fabrication, the spreads will likely come off a little. They certainly havent to any large extent at this point. You are certainly seeing people say, well, our projects are getting delayed, we are not seeing any cancellations at all. We are seeing projects delayed some. But in my mind, it is not an unhealthy thing in all honesty, because it is just protracting or extending the cycle -- the business cycle in that arena.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you very much. Your next question is coming from Curt Woodworth of Credit Suisse. Curt your line is live.
Curtis Woodworth: Yes, thanks good morning, Mark and Theresa, how are you? Good. I just want to follow up on the fabrication comments. So in the past, you have talked about you have had backlog basically priced through the middle part of this year, and I think you had discussed I believe pricing in the 5,000 or higher level. So I just wondered if you could confirm that, that is kind of the price level your backlog is at. And then if you are sold through the first part of this year, I assume you are bidding projects now for can you comment on price levels you see there? And then with respect to some of the delays or project push outs from what we have seen, the data center and some of those areas are still very strong oil the Amazon type warehouse spent a lot of those have been canceled. So if you could just kind of help us maybe understand a little bit of the DNA of the backlog would be helpful.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning Curt. So from the perspective of pricing, Obviously, we are not going to give specific pricing. But you would have seen that the pricing held in very steadily in the fourth quarter from an average perspective. And we have seen very steady pricing in the backlog as well. So I would err on the higher side if you think about what is in the backlog. And that is why we have great confidence in the earnings resiliency of the fabrication business through at least the first half of this year. And the order backlog, it is an interesting question because it is broadened out, wherein as it was very concentrated in warehouses, it is broadened out now into more, I would say, infrastructure type hospitals, schools, churches et cetera, so that is a good thing and that is what we think we are seeing more of. We expected very strong volumes for fabrication in 2023 from what we are seeing so far. And Mark mentioned the order entry activity is very good from a historical. So then you can contemplate what you think steel prices will be to make an estimation of whether you think we will continue to see expanding spreads in fabrication or not. That is what we saw in the fourth quarter definitively. Mark, do you want to add anything?
Mark Millett: And just the one comment, though, I think it was mentioned that the distribution warehouses are again canceled. We actually are only seeing that in one customer. Well, actually, not a customer of ours, but one company the distribution warehouse business in our backlog is solid and not getting canceled out. So that is not a comprehensive issue. And just to reemphasize what Teresa said on earlier on the reshoring. Reshoring is real. It truly is. That is going to be supportive of that business. And if you look through just the size of some of these factories, the battery manufacturing facilities is a huge, massive, massive facilities that will require a lot of joists and deck. So again, it is off the frenetic pace that we saw, but it is a very, very, very solid sector for us for the rest of the year.
Curtis Woodworth: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up on Sinton. What were the volumes shipped this quarter and we look at start-up costs for the year is roughly $430 million. So those material drag on your profitability. Can you comment on maybe when you would expect to maybe breakeven with respect to start-up costs and do you have any guidance for what start-up impact would look like in the first quarter? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. So from a volume perspective Curt, Sinton had shipments in the third quarter of around just under 270,000 tons, and it increased to just under 340,000 tons for shipments in the fourth quarter, and we expect to see that improve in the first quarter and then have a significant improvement in the second quarter of 2023. From an impact, we still expect to see losses as they work through the higher-priced pigeon which is obviously matching against lower steel prices than they were at this time last year. And so like it will be -- it should improve over the fourth quarter losses pretty significantly, but still be higher than we would like to see maybe around the $10 million mark.
Curtis Woodworth: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tristan Gresser of BNP Paribas. Tristan your line is live.
Tristan Gresser: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Maybe just a quick follow-up on Sinton. Are you able to share any EBITDA annual contribution you are expecting for next year or maybe kind of a sense of how this compares versus the normalized EBITDA target you mentioned and given maybe a slower start-up and then some ramp-up of the coating lines as well in Q4 that is going to help. So any kind of a sense you can give us that would be great.
Theresa Wagler: So I think Mark mentioned the ramp-up for the two additional value-add lines that will be in Sinton the third quarter of 2023. Those should ramp, we expect fairly quickly to start benefiting their product mix. We are not going to give full-year guidance for Sinton as far as EBITDA. But I would tell you that I think Curt mentioned earlier on the call, that the losses in 2022 were over $400 million, and it is going to swing to a significant positive for 2023. So just that differential alone will have a significant momentum benefit to our earnings in 2023, but it is just too early for us to give an estimate, but it wont hit through cycle EBITDA in the year where we are still ramping up production.
Tristan Gresser: Okay. That is really helpful. And my second question is more on the demand side. You talked about steel demand increasing in 2023. Can you give us a sense of what kind of number you are seeing and maybe diving into your key end markets also there if you are able to share some quantitative number that would be great.
Mark Millett: I guess from our perspective, the higher demand translates to, in large part, to price up point and spread support. Our operations are already running at quite a high utilization rate. Further demand, obviously, is certainly going to help our Sinton facility. And given the market sectors, energy is very, very strong in that area in Texas. That is helping us. And the challenges that we are seeing in Mexico and the imports of sheet coming up from Mexico into the Southwest markets, but also even under the Midwest have essentially mitigate they are staying in Mexico now. So that is going to create good demand and great dynamics. So from a market perspective, we will certainly be able to support all the capability that the ramp-up will allow.
Tristan Gresser: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andreas Bokkenheuser from UBS. Andreas your line is live.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you very much. Just one question for me. Just switching gears a little bit over to the long steel segment, what are you seeing there in terms of potential new orders coming in from the infrastructure bill, the IRA. Are you seeing anything yet there? We have obviously seen rebar is kind of coming down for the last six, seven months. It doesnt feel like the infrastructure build is kind of abating yet. But what are you seeing on your side to kind of stop the rebar price decline?
Mark Millett: Well, as we have suggested in the past, we are not big in the rebar markets in at. But nonetheless, from our structural long products perspective, the infrastructure bill or spending is not necessarily kicked in yet. It typically takes six to nine months for that to materialize. And obviously, it is too soon. But come the summer of this year, I think you will start to see some benefit there.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Got it. Thats very clear. Thank you Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Lawson Winder of BofA Securities. Lawson your line is live.
Lawson Winder: Hi. Good morning Mark. Good morning Theresa, thank you for todays call. Maybe could I ask about the dividend outlook and just kind of get your thoughts on return of capital. So last year, you bumped the dividend quite substantially. And this year, you have expressed some confidence in symptom and Sinton wasnt contributing, in fact, was a drag in 2022 so maybe just kind of your thoughts around 2023. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Good one. Im smiling because Mark tosses things my way, and it is funny how he does it. But from a dividend perspective, we do like to grow the dividend in a way that is consistent so that we are constantly having increases across the spectrum. And I think as I mentioned, since 2017, we actually increased the dividend by almost 120%. And we like to do that lockstep with free cash flow increases that are through cycle like Sinton. I would expect that we should have a pretty significant increase coming forward as well. We like to do those traditionally in the first quarter time frame. We have additional projects that are a little bit smaller, but that are coming online in 2023 that will add to through-cycle earnings. And given our stock price, which has been fantastic, driving up recently, you should expect to see strong shareholder distributions continue, and that would include a strong increase in the dividend coming forward.
Lawson Winder: Okay, fantastic. Thank you. Congratulations.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from John Tumazos, of John Tumazos Very Independent Research. John your line is live.
John Tumazos: Thank you. I try to keep a little spread on non-scrap cost of goods sold per ton just taking your total corporate revenues per ton and pretax per ton and subtracting scrap profits and it peaked a year ago at 673 and was only 4.56% this quarter. Are the bigger contributors to that the much lower price of purchased steel for your galvanizing and painting, et cetera, divisions first, lower profit sharing improvement in the Sinton mill as it ramps up, and hopefully, it will be the lowest cost when it is four and maybe a mix shift into some. So please explain - by the way, Nucors non-scrap cost of goods sales went up and were the highest in the last two-years in the current quarter. So there is the opposite direction, but that is a separate problem to figure out.
Mark Millett: John, great to have you on the call as always, and thanks for the question. I think the biggest parameter is substrate costs. As we have -- over the years, we have ramped up the tech substrate, Holland substrate and even at Sinton, we actually pre-purchased about 150,000 tons, maybe a little more to load the downstream coating lines in preparation for when the hot mill started up. So you are certainly seeing that influence our costs, for sure.
Theresa Wagler: And the other thing that you hit, John, was spot on as well. It has to do with mix. So if you think about the increase in the impact from our fabrication business, that we would have had some change in that as well. So I think it is both mix and what Mark talked about is the steel substrate.
John Tumazos: In your steel mills, with the normal non-scrap cost of goods sold be closer to $200 a ton or $250 tons or $300 tons.
Mark Millett: We have always tried to not share that information, John. So I would prefer to stay that way. I would tell you though that, one, our conversion cost is probably as good as anyone in the world. And number two, the people dont necessarily recognize the offsetting sort of efficiency or effectiveness of volume. So on our process lines, carbonizing lines prepaint lines, even though some of the input costs have appreciated, the fact that our teams continually just improve productivity, put more volume through offsetting the sort of the overhead and the fixed costs. Our actual processing costs on those lines have been sort of almost stagnant for the last, I dont know, how many years.
John Tumazos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. There appears to be no further questions in the queue. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you and thank you for everyone on the call for your time today. Certainly, thanks to our team. I want to remind each and every one of you that you do contribute, you do have an impact on our success and stay safe and keep each other safe. Customers, we can do it without you. And I would just like to reemphasize those that have invested in us, there is a growing cadre of folks that are building positions that - they really are recognizing the power of our culture. It is different. We are different, and we drive absolutely different results. Our business model allows us to perform and maintain a higher through-cycle cash generation than our peers. And I think hopefully, people are starting to recognize that that our capital allocation, our growth is incredibly disciplined, particularly on the acquisition side. And I think that that speaks to just our underlying results. It is interesting if one measures the earnings power of our company on an employee basis, we are substantially higher than anyone else out there in our peer group. And again, it speaks to our overall efficiency and effectiveness of the culture, the strategic decisions that the team has made over the years, and it will continue to drop to the bottom line. So investors that support us, again, many, many thanks to you as well and with that said, have a great day.
Operator: Again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 20th, 2022, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Ali. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics' third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results to turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading, Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You'll also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled, Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2022 results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. I forgot to turn the microphone on there as always. But thank you, everyone, for being with us on our third quarter earnings call. It certainly was an exciting quarter with great performance by the team and growth on many fronts. Firstly, a great welcome to the ROCA team, Senate in Monterrey. In combination with the former Zimmer Group, OmniSource Mexico now is a significant recycling presence within Mexico that will support their existing Mexican customer base, while providing strategic sourcing opportunities for our Sinton and Columbus steel mills and soon to be aluminum mill. Sinton has turned the corner and is showing significant improvement. The team is also making great progress on our aluminum flat rolled strategy, which I will share later on the call. Operationally, our third quarter was a great quarter, achieving several new benchmarks, including record steel and steel fabrication shipments and record cash flow from operations, all supporting our cash allocation strategy and commitment to further expansion of shareholder value. I continue to be incredibly proud of our teams. They are on our foundation and the catalyst of our current and future success. It's their culture of excellence and the strategic positioning executed over the last number of years that allows us to maximize opportunities, resulting in higher lows and higher highs through the cycle. So a great quarter, yet none of this matters without keeping our teams safe. Often employees are described as a company's most important resource. For us, they are more than that. They are family and the SDI family now is 26,000 strong. We are focused to provide the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We're actively engaged in safety at all times at every level of our organization, came in top of mind and an active conversation throughout the company. We will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero incidents. But before I continue, Theresa, would you like to give us some details?
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I add my sincere appreciation and personal congratulations to the team on another strong operational and financial performance. Our third quarter 2022 net income was $914 million or $5.03 per diluted share, inclusive of costs of $111 million or $0.43 per diluted share associated with the continued start-up of our Sinton, Texas flat-rolled steel mill. Excluding these costs, third quarter 2022 adjusted net income was $992 million or $5.46 per diluted share. Third quarter revenues of $5.7 billion declined 9% sequentially based on lower flat-rolled steel and scrap pricing. Our third quarter 2022 operating income was $1.2 billion lower than sequential results due to lower pricing and resulting metal spread compression in our flat-rolled steel operations. Our steel operations generated solid operating income of $658 million in the third quarter, with record shipments, as Mark mentioned, the 3.2 million tons, of which Sinton contributed 268,000 tons. Sequential earnings were significantly lower due to the previously mentioned metal spread compression within our flat-rolled steel businesses. In contrast, our long product steel operations experienced metal spread expansion as average scrap cost declined more than product pricing in the quarter. In fact, our Structural and Rail and Roanoke Bar divisions each achieved record earnings. Congratulations to those teams. Third quarter operating income for our mills recycling operations declined to $10 million as ferrous pricing declined month-over-month through the quarter, resulting in significant metal margin compression but the team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap to our steel mills, which improves furnace efficiency and by reducing company-wide working capital requirements. I also give my welcome to the Roanoke team. A huge congratulations once again to our steel fabrication team. They achieved record third quarter operating income of $677 million. These earnings were driven by record average pricing, record shipments and lower steel input costs. Steel joist and deck demand remained solid as evidenced by our continued strong order backlog, which extends well through the first half of 2023. We generated record cash flow from operations of $1.5 billion in the third quarter as strong results and release of working capital benefited cash flow. Year-to-date 2022, we've generated a record $3.3 billion. Our cash generation is consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly low-cost variable cost structure. At the end of September, we had record liquidity of $3.2 billion comprised of cash and short-term investments of $2 billion and an undrawn unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. Year-to-date 2022, we funded $565 million in capital investments. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimate capital investments will be close to $400 million, of which about $200 million is related to our recently announced aluminum flat-rolled investments, with much of the remaining capital related to our four new flat-rolled coating lines that will be located in Sinton and Heartland. We maintained our cash dividend at $0.34 per common share after increasing at 31% in the first quarter. We also repurchased $482 million of our common stock in the third quarter, representing over 3% of our outstanding shares. Year-to-date, we paid cash dividends of $177 million and repurchased $1.4 billion or 10% of our outstanding shares, representing a 48% net income distribution ratio. At the end of the third quarter, $245 million remained available under our current share repurchase authorization. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability throughout all market cycles and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while remaining dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. Our recently announced aluminum investment is consistent with our unchanged capital allocation philosophy. We have strategically placed ourselves in a position to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for strategic growth; strong shareholder returns and maintain investment-grade metrics. Our cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years. We will readily fund our flat-rolled aluminum investments with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong shareholder distributions as we clearly demonstrated in the third quarter. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is also a significant part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we are dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. In that regard, we're excited about our newly formed joint venture with Aymium, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. We believe our first joint venture facility will decrease our steel Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 25%. We have an actionable path to our carbon neutrality as more manageable, and we believe considerably less expensive than may lie ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey, and we are moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. In conclusion, I know some of you track the details behind our flat-rolled shipments. And so for the quarter, we shipped hot-rolled and P&O of 951,000 tons; cold rolled of 139,000 tons; and finally, coated flat rolled products of 1,102,000 tons. For a total of 2,192,000 tons of flat rolled shipments. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Teresa. And certainly, incredible results from the steel fabrication platform, a product that is obviously a market tailwind, but our strategic positioning over the years. We had record operating income of $677 million in the quarter, with the record shipments of 218,000 tons. Nonresidential construction markets remain strong, as would be suggested by the macro indicators. They all remain positive. ABI index of fitting a little over 53. ABI reports, business conditions remain generally strong, and Dodge Momentum Index improved 6% in September. Nonresidential starts and build rates are forecast to remain good into 2023. More importantly, our customers tell us demand remains solid in spite of economic uncertainty. Order activity is better paced versus the frenetic pace of the recent past and remains higher than historical norms. Our order backlog is well into the first half of 2023 with strong pricing dynamics and we expect to see continued strong volume for fabrication in the fourth quarter and for 2023 in general. Aside from the significant advantage of pull-through volume for our sheet mills, New Millennium provides a perfect hedge to our steel operations. Although SDI mills saw steady utilization throughout the third quarter, lower domestic steel industry utilization in general reduced the demand for scrap in the quarter. First, scrap prices have declined month-over-month beginning in May through October, prime dropping from some $735 a ton to more recently around about $380 per gross ton. Omni's earnings suffered as a result of this progression in market pricing and weaker industry demand. The Omni platform is continuing to work with our steel mill teams to expand our shred separation opportunities to provide even higher volumes of low residual scrap. The impact of our efforts, along with others in the industry, has amply demonstrated our view that innovation will solve any perceived fears of prime scrap shortage in the years ahead. With additional producers coming to the market, pig iron availability is normalized and pricing has moderated significantly to a little over $500 per ton. We have sufficient pig iron sourced well into next year. Supply is not an issue for our flat rolled operations. And again, we're excited for the addition of Roka to our OmniSource Mexico portfolio, which now will grow to some 2.5 million tons of ferrous and non-ferrous annual capability. It was another historically strong quarter for the steel platform. We had record shipments of 3.2 million tons and operating income of $658 million. Our third quarter production utilization rate was around 93%, which was incrementally lower than the second quarter that was 95%, yet significantly above the industry average of 78%. High utilization rates are clearly demonstrated through time. Value-added diversified product offerings, differentiated supply chain solutions all support and the support of internal pull-through volume all support that utilization -- higher utilization rate compared to our peers. And in turn, it supports our strong and growing through-cycle cash the industry capability and best-in-class financial metrics. Looking forward, customer order entry is good and backlogs are solid and that's supported by our diversified portfolio of value-added products, which comprised now of around 70% of steel sales. We focus on value-creating supply chains to mitigate the impact of price volatility and all this just maintains a higher through-cycle utilization rate. Relative to the markets, we see automotive steady at current rates and we expect that to improve off low 2022 production based on the extremely low dealer inventories and pent-up vehicle demand. The 2022 build rate is going to be some 14.5 million units, and we would expect 2023 to grow to 15.5 units or so, and 2024 to 16-plus units -- million units. Non-residential construction remains solid as evidenced by fabrication backlog and long product steel volumes. Long product steel backlogs are good and several of our divisions, Summa City and Roanoke in particular, achieved strong volumes and record earnings in the third quarter, demonstrating our market depth. Infrastructure spending should also provide further meaningful support in the coming years. New residential construction has softened a little, impacting HVAC and appliance and other housing-related products. Fortunately, our portfolio is biased to replacement, and we won't get a ton of a ton impact. Oil and gas activity is driving improved orders for OCTG and line pipe, and solar renewable expansion continues to grow. Turning to Sinton. Both coating lines are running extremely well, and ramp-up continues on the hot side in the tandem cold mill. I believe the hot mill has certainly turned the corner, becoming more consistently running at a 60%, 65% month-to-date with days exceeding well over 80%. Surface quality is excellent. Reported coil shape from processing customers is also excellent. And our hot strip mill design has allowed for thermal mechanical rolling, allowing higher strength grades with lower alloy content and associated costs. And we've already been approved and shipped some API grades, which is quite remarkable given the mill has only been up and running for what, nine months. So the team has done a phenomenal job. And I think it certainly affirms our technical and process choices and it is indeed a next-generation mill. Our exceptional through cycle operating and financial performance continues to support our cash allocation strategies and growth. The four value-add flat-rolled steel coating lines are going well and are targeted for the second half of 2023 for startup, two for Sinton and two for Heartland, and we're already seeing customer interest for that new volume. We're the largest domestic non-automotive coater of flat-rolled steel with an annual coating capacity over 6 million tons. These four new lines will increase that capacity by an additional 1.1 million tons. We have created unique supply chain solutions for our customers, which allow our downstream lines to remain always full with our highest margin products. Relative to the lunar dynamics, the market response from both current and new customers across all market sectors has been absolutely incredible. And so to recap that project, it's a 650,000 metric ton a year aluminum flat roll facility, which will be located in the Southeastern US, and we expect to announce that site location in the next few weeks. On-site mill and cash slab capacity will consist of 450,000 metric tons, and that will be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers, one in the Southwest US and one in the South. We'll have two cash lines, coating line and downstream processing and packaging lines. So we'll be able to furnish all products to the beverage -- food packaging arena, automotive and industrial. The mill is planned to start up in mid-2025, the Mexico Slab Center in 2024 and the Southwest Slab Center in the first quarter of 2025. The financial impact will be around $2.2 billion CapEx over four years. It's going to be funded 100% with available cash and cash flow from operations with no additional debt needed. We expect to add about $650 million to $700 million of through cycle annual EBITDA once it's up and running. So in closing, we're excited and passion by our future growth opportunities as they will continue the high returning growth momentum we have demonstrated over the last 15 years. Our teams are our foundation. I thank each of them for their passion and their dedication and their desire to excel. We are committed to the health and safety. And I remind those listening today that safety for yourselves and each other is our highest priority. Our culture and business model continues to positively differentiate our performance from others. We're competitively positioned and continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, our customers, team members and shareholders, and we look forward to creating new opportunities for everyone today and in the years ahead. So with that said, we would love to answer any questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Emily Chieng with Goldman Sachs.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa. Thank you for the time this morning. My question is just around the fabrication business, and we've certainly seen realized pricing trend higher on a sequential basis. But perhaps could you share some color on where new contract awards are getting priced? And how should we be thinking about the sustainability of your margins in this segment in the near-term and perhaps call it on a normalized basis?
Mark Millett: Certainly, Emily. Well, again, that business is incredibly robust. Our backlogs are so from a volume standpoint and pricing standpoint at historic highs. And we see that backlog well into 2023, probably about eight months from there, and it remains solid. Spreads are at very high numbers, as you can see from our most recent results. And we see that volume being sustained. Our Q3 volume into Q4. And our earnings should certainly parallel that as relative to the third quarter. I do believe. So very, very strong. As you may recognize, that industry over the years is sort of rationalized and consolidated. And no longer fragmented as it once was. And we see higher pricing and higher spreads being sustained through the cycle going forward.
Emily Chieng: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: Thank you very much. Good morning. So the question is based on the comments for end markets, it seems that long products should be doing better than the flat end markets on the lending products. But in the reported volumes, we saw your long steel volumes falling a little bit quarter-on-quarter, while flat improved. So I just wonder if you can give us a little bit of your -- how you see that evolving in the fourth quarter? Do you think that this is going to probably reverse based on the end market situation and how those are evolving? And also you mentioned in your press release that, seasonally, you see lower volumes in the fourth quarter. However, your seasonality in the last couple of years has been quite different than what we saw in, say, 2015 to 2019 prior to the pandemic. So if you could share some color as to how you see the seasonality playing out this time around will be also great.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Carlos, thanks for joining us on the call. So from the specifics of flat increasing, while, I would say, long products was very strong, because long products had record shipments in the second quarter, so still very strong. But you have to remember that, Sinton is starting up in this time frame. So the addition of Sinton ramping up helps offset some of the seasonality that you might see in our flat roll shipments even as we head into the fourth quarter. That being said, we're expecting still to see really resilient volume from the steel base, both in long and flat, as we head into the -- what -- you're correct, is more of a seasonal time frame, but we have some offsetting parameters as we look at both Sinton. And frankly, as we look at our coated products, specifically Galvalume had a really strong third quarter.
Carlos De Alba: Right. Thank you, Theresa.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to just ask you about things, you utilization continuing to be higher than peers. And it's a pretty big contrast, as you point out, you're ramping up Sinton. And meanwhile, US Steel has cut production, saying there's not enough demand. And your utilization is a pretty stark contrast. I'm just -- and Nucor said that they're being disciplined in holding off tons because of weaker demand. So I'm just wondering, you can explain what's different about what you're seeing? And if you could, while you do that, if you could talk a little bit about the opportunities that you'd mentioned in the past for exporting to Mexico and the West Coast from the Sinton operation. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, I think, as we told in the past, I do believe our business model is definitely differentiated from our peers for sure. And the high utilization rate is triggered, I think, probably in three spots. One, is we have a much more diversified value-add product portfolio mix than probably any steel producer in the state today. That allows us optionality across all market sectors and all market products, and that certainly has a significant impact. I do believe we have cultivated and developed over time some pretty unique supply chain sort of partnerships with many of our customers, and that gives us resilience through the cycle. And then thirdly, the pull-through volume of our sort of downstream conversion facilities and New Millennium is quite considerable. So if you look at this year, New Millennium, we'll be consuming about somewhere close to probably 800,000 tons of substrate. And much of that is procured through our own mills. So there's a massive volume sort of pull through there. And then our Heartland facility, which is roughly 800 million ton a year converter takes material and also The Techs, which has 850,000, 900,000 tons of consumption. So that pull-through volume onto itself. When there's a need, we bring a lot more of that in-house to maintain that utilization. And as you point out, through the cycle, we typically at 10%, 15% higher utilization than the industry in general. And I can't overemphasize the impact that has on our through-cycle cash generation capability. It certainly supports that and in turn, supports all the growth and the cash allocation strategies that we -- the balanced cash allocation strategies that we continue to execute.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Great. Would you mind on the other part of the question about the opportunities that you'd allocation strategies that ability to ramp -- produce at higher levels as well?
Mark Millett: Yes. Sorry. I mean, a little tough time hearing Timna. The Sinton mill, obviously, ramping up focused on furnishing material through the two coating lines, the galvanized line, the paint line and just ramping up and commissioning all the different product capabilities we have there. We believe Mexico will long-term despite the additional hot band capability that's come on stream, we'll continue to have a mismatch in the cold-rolled coated arena and so it's our intent to be transferring or selling into the Mexican market, HVAC appliance, and automotive there. And we have yet to develop a meaningful sort of shipping volume to the West Coast, but I'm confident that, that will occur over time as that ramp continues.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cleveland Rueckert with UBS Securities.
Cleveland Rueckert: Hey everybody. I'll say good day, it's almost noon here. I appreciate question I'll stick to one, just to start. But Mark, I wanted to build on your comment about raw materials and scrap availability. I'm just curious, as we think about investment opportunities, I get that you're shifting investment into aluminum and that's kind of the priority right now. But -- is there any opportunity to invest in some of the raw materials businesses that you already own? I think on these calls before; you've talked about increasing usage of different scrap grades. I'm just wondering if that's more of an R&D exercise on your part on the steel operations or if there's some infrastructure that you're thinking could add some efficiency there?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- given our investment in Mexico for Zimmer and with Roka where we thought there was a very unique opportunity that, that arena is prime scrap rich and it would allow us to support Columbus and Sinton. Beyond that, we're not interested in any sort of large-scale recycled sort of acquisition-type investment. The investments will be centered though on streamlining and improving our existing operations, lowering our cost structure throughout that organization. And more specifically, investing in sort of segregation separating type technologies to optimize the streams, the waste streams that we have. So the ore, the switch and everything divide that up into more value-added 5,000, 6,000 series type raw materials for our aluminum mill. And also investing in technologies and expanding our current technologies because in all honesty, on the ferrous separation, what we call Shred One [ph], the improved shredded material; we have the technologies available to us. It's just a matter of expanding that across our omni base. And those technologies, they honestly, it's not a massive amount of CapEx spend. Can be underemphasized though, how that's impacting the scrap flows, and it's not just us. Some of our peers are doing the same thing, producing a very low residual shred. And as I've said in the past, if you look at a shredded car today, if you just take a piece of the rusty metal itself, that's likely been produced through a integrated mill and is a very, very low residual. So by separating out the little bit of copper and nickel, you can get a prime scrap from that obsolete flow. And I think we're seeing it, you can see it in the marketplace today where prime is actually selling under the shred price today. And it is amplifying the fact that their perceived concerns as additional capacity comes online over the next few years. But I think we've demonstrated clearly -- the industry has demonstrated clearly what I've always said, and as innovation will trump a challenge each and every day.
Cleveland Rueckert: Thats well understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alex Hacking with Citi.
Alex Hacking: Yeah. Thanks Mark and Theresa. So on Sinton, Mark, I think you mentioned that it had turned the corner. How close are you there to operating at consistent 80% rate? What are the remaining challenges? And then what needs to happen to get it up to 90%, 95% or whatever you would be targeting longer term? And is that the rate you would be expecting 90%, 95% exit rate in 2023? So you stopped below 80% and then you build up through the year, or it would be more of a consistent rate through the year? Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, I would describe the issues at Sinton today as just typical start-up issues, a little amplified by the supply chain constraints out there. In the old days or the other mills we started up, you need a spare part, and it's like literally on the shelf in the local city. We were seeing a little more time to react to certain issues. That said, it is purely just making sure that we are operating each piece of equipment all the way from the electric arc furnaces through the label furnaces cast and external just operating each and every minute of each and every day. As I said earlier, the equipment is proven to be able to produce everything we intended. It's produced out to 84 wide. We've gone down to 043 or 044 and light gauge. We produced 1-inch plate. As I said earlier, we've already been certified on some of the perhaps slightly easier API grades, but the other grades will come with time. There's no issue or challenge to get there. It's just a matter of time. So from a capability standpoint, it's definitely there. We've had shifts. We've had days close to 85%, 86% of production rate, which again, given the relative short time that, that team has been ramping up is absolutely incredible. I think it took us three years in Butler to get a 4,000 ton shift, and we've had many of those already. So I'm not concerned. It's just a matter of time. Would expect that 2023, we should get around 80% of our 3 million tons of shipping capability.
Theresa Wagler: But Alex, you're correct. That's for the entirety of the year. So there will be a progression of ramp so that by the time we're exiting 2023, we would expect to be operating at or near that capacity rate -- that full capacity rate.
Alex Hacking: Okay. Thanks. And then just to clarify on the earlier comments, again, on Sinton. Would you be expecting to ship more flat-rolled in the 4Q, considering the ramp-up of Sinton or the seasonality will offset that? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Alex, I think you were asking about the full complement of our flat roll operations? And we are expecting to have higher shipments from Sinton itself, but I'll leave you to determine what seasonality does to the rest of the group.
Alex Hacking: Okay. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Curt Woodworth: Yes. Hi, Mark and Theresa. How are you?
Mark Millett: Good, thanks.
Curt Woodworth: So I just wanted to talk a little bit more about fabrication. Can you kind of talk to the diversity within your backlog and maybe how bidding activity has progressed maybe the last 90 days? I think there is some concern in the market that the data center and warehouse build-out has really driven the bulk of this growth rate, and that could potentially fall sharply. And it sounds clear, if you have like a lot of big chunky projects that once those burn off, then you could be more at risk. And then within that, I know you spoke about pricing being fairly favorable. And I think you talked about how pricing would be going up progressively, I believe, into the second quarter, but can you just confirm that?
Theresa Wagler: Good afternoon, Kurt. Thanks for the question. I'll let Mark address the diversity within the backlog of the fabrication business. It has changed just slightly. And I think it's become more favorable as these things are changing. As it relates to the backlog and the pricing, what Mark was suggesting is that we still have incredibly favorable pricing heading with the backlog that goes through much of the first half of 2023. It's not likely to be at that same peak level of $5,000-plus, but still very favorable. And at the same time, we're going to and expect to have lower steel input costs as we move through at least the fourth quarter. And so, as you can imagine, that's why the power in the business model of having fabrication be a real natural hedge to lower steel prices is very favorable to us. And that's what you're seeing today, and we would expect to see in the coming quarters as well. Mark, do you want to describe the diversity in the order backlog?
Mark Millett: Yes. I think it is transitioning a little bit. Early on, it was very, very sort of distribution warehouse focused with cloud computing and things are following along. Cloud computing, construction tends to be -- continue to be strong and grow. Warehouse may be kind of flat to stable. And we're also seeing sort of more infrastructure, hospitals, school type construction activity. So we see it strong. I mentioned earlier, it's not at the frenetic pace that it was perhaps six months ago or eight months ago. It's normalized to still very high relative to historic norms. And if you think about it, given the interest rate sort of environment and the little economic cloud that we have, it's not unexpected that people are wondering about projects, 7, 8, 9, 10 months out, and they're just waiting a little. But, in general, we see that just the nonresidential construction in general, remaining very, very, very robust through certainly the first half of next year into the latter half.
Theresa Wagler: And just to address your point on the backlog, if there's any risk that wed want to point out, there's really not. It's a well-diversified backlog. There's not individual projects that are of too large of a size. And something to just keep in mind as well as once something enters the backlog for the fabrication business, the projects have already been engineered. They generally have already been financed. There's a lot of certainty in that backlog. And if you look on average of the projects that we do, the cost of steel joist and steel jack or steel deck as a part of the entire project itself is only between 10% and 15%. So it's a small piece of that project in and of itself, which also reduces the risk.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. Very helpful. And then, just as a follow-up, I think there have been some maybe incremental concerns on the aluminum flat rolled market, just given some of the announcements by Ball and others on the beverage can sheet side. So can you just give an update on maybe how you're progressing commercially with that project and what initial discussions have been like since you announced the project? Thanks very much.
Mark Millett: Well, relative to aluminum, we are awash with interest, an incredible interest. To be honest, we have been focused of late locating the facilities. Glenn and his team have just, in the last week or two, completed the purchase of all the major sort of components. Certainly, all the long lead time issues, equipment packages. So progress is being made dramatically. We're now starting to focus on the commercial side. We've had initial conversations with all but one of the major beverage outfits, can makers. Incredible interest in honesty there. And also in automotive, there are several folks that have approached us to partner with us going forward. So, from a standpoint of contracted volumes, pricing, those sorts of things, that's too early yet.
Curt Woodworth: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc.
Philip Gibbs: Sorry, I was on mute. Can you hear me now?
Mark Millett: We can. Hi Phil.
Philip Gibbs: Hey, how are you?
Mark Millett: Good.
Philip Gibbs: Specifically, you talked about in the script that you were at a 60% to 65% utilization on average for the month of October so far. Is that what we should expect for the fourth quarter, which would get us near 500,000 tons for that asset, or do we expect something a little bit more than that as you ramp?
Mark Millett: I would not expect 65% for the whole quarter. No. But I -- Phil, it's tough to give you a number. If things continue to proceed as they have, month-to-date, then you're going to see a very good number for the quarter. But I can't foretell the future. All I can say is the operation has reached a more stable, consistent level of operation. The big shifts or the big days, there are more of them. But more importantly, we're not seeing the zero shifts as we once were in the summer and as you see in any startup. So, the consistency of operation is very, very much improved and gives me a lot of confidence going forward.
Philip Gibbs: Should we expect, given higher volume incrementally and some of that stabilization and just the overall operations that you will get to EBITDA positive in the fourth quarter and sort of out of the start-up phase that you've been in?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, Phil, good afternoon. We talked about it on the second quarter conference call that our expectations were sitting at that point in time was that we would reach EBITDA positive sometime in the fourth quarter. That's likely pushed out sometime in the first quarter rather than the fourth quarter. But definitely, as Mark mentioned, we're seeing a lot of positive changes and there's been some key successes that the teams had just recently in October that we would expect to result in some really good changes heading forward. But I would suggest it's probably closer to in the first quarter versus the fourth.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. And then as just a follow-up, if you could take a shot and talking about 2023 CapEx if you have a general idea? And then just also thoughts on net working capital in Q4. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome. So we're in the middle of our detailed planning phase related to capital. I'll give some directionality, but we would have more clear and defined expectations for you as we meet in January for the fourth quarter conference call. But right now, the aluminum investments still look like we'll be spending about $750 million in 2023 as it relates to both the recycled shop centers and the rolling mill itself. We also have the completion of the four flat roll lines, which is likely to be around $200 million in 2023. And then we have the biocarbon facility. So I would say just those growth projects alone will probably get us to around $1 billion for capital spending in 2023. And then as we think about the additional projects that we're evaluating right now, I would suggest that it shouldn't be any greater than $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, but we'll have more clarity as we talk to you in January. I'm sorry. Thanks, David. And as it relates to the working capital, as we've had -- as we expect to see some seasonality in volume for customers to reorient their inventories by the end of the year, and as we've seen pricing declines in both scrap and in steel, I would expect to see another pretty significant funding from working capital. So a contribution from working capital in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tristan Gresser with BNP Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. First one is on the cost of ferrous scrap. This came much higher than what we forecasted. And I guess this is due to the purchase of more expensive metallics in H1 that some of your peers also flagged. Are you able to quantify this extra negative impact yet in the quarter? And do you believe this will remain a headwind into Q4? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So the question related to ferrous scrap pricing and our average price was higher than expected from their models. And I would tell you, there's a significant piece of that that has to do with higher pig iron prices. So during the first quarter with the Russian-Ukraine circumstance, we, as did others, went out and purchased more pig iron to have certainty around supply. It was at a higher price than we're currently seeing today, which I think Mark mentioned was around $500 per ton.  And so the flat-rolled steel mills, specifically Sinton, Columbus and Butler are still working through that higher cost pig iron at this time. Mark, do you wish to add any more commentary?
Mark Millett: The pig iron, and we also ended the quarter with some scrap inventory that obviously flows through into the higher-priced scrap inventory that flowed into the third quarter, too. Those inventories are well in control now, and we're back to four-week, maybe five-week inventory level. So going forward, I think that will normalize. But the pig iron price in all honestly is going to continue into the fourth quarter, for sure.
Tristan Gresser: Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up on the Buy Clean Initiative that has been put in motion by the US government. What kind of impact are you expecting from that new policy the potential boost to demand? And are you seeing already some impact on that initiative? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: From a Buy America policy, I'm sorry, it was hard to hear you at the very end. Is it had -- it related to the Buy-America policy, that is still so early on. We're not seeing a considerable amount of traction from it at this point. Conversations with customers on the commercial side though, we believe that it won't just be Buy America, but if you look at, again, our steel operations, specifically as it relates to even our current low carbon footprint for our carbon steels and our long product steel, we believe will be the beneficiary continuing going forward of that, I'm going to call it steel for lack of a more simple terminology at this point in time. And we believe that the Buy America will also have a positive influence. As well as the Jobs Act and the infrastructure program, which you should really start seeing traction from in the next nine to 12 months. That should support steel consumption in the US specifically in our estimation. Mark, do you have anything to add?
Mark Millett: No.
 : Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research.
John Tumazos: Thank you. Do you expect a significant drop in scrap flows with funds and [ph] scrap steel prices?
Mark Millett: John, they've eased and ebbed a little. I would say that reduction in flow is probably going to sort of mitigate any further substantial decline in scrap pricing.
John Tumazos: Thank you. Mark, I just want to recall that we met in 2083 at Darlington when you were working the House Lancaster for Nucor when you were a fresh student.
Mark Millett: I remember.
John Tumazos: Your aluminum competitors have 30- to 50-year old house with Twin belt casters that you intimately understand often unionized. And maybe you're a little bit too humble or modest and don't want to say that you think you can build a new plant with an SMS design that's more efficient. People don't understand the opportunity you have in aluminum and congratulations. It looks great.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. Thanks for the memory. But I do believe, to your point, the new aluminum mill -- and honestly, I don't look at it as an aluminum mill. It's a new horizon. It's the aluminum business for us. And it's not unlike 27 years ago, when we put SDI together and we penetrated and have been somewhat successful growing within the steel industry. The same sort of drivers exists today in aluminum as it did back in steel. You've got an aged industry, has very, very high legacy costs for sure, inefficiencies. Hasn't been a new mill built for some 45 years. And as you know, Glenn and his team is incredibly smart and talented getting the right technology and building it effectively and efficiently. It's exciting. And it's exciting for the young team that we have to see that being the foundation of our growth for the next 25 years.
John Tumazos: Congratulations.
Mark Millett: Thanks mate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Hi, guys. Thanks for the follow-up. I guess I had another big picture question, if you could indulge me. There are so many new galvanizing lines being added just by you guys, by Nucor for sure, definitely some planned ones around the corner potentially from US Steel in Ternium. I'm just wondering, is there a structurally better outlook for galvanize? There some incremental demand story or some supply piece I'm missing that's going to continue to support that level -- increased level of galvanized supply?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the utilization of galv product is just generally expanding. I don't know whether you have a crawl around cars, but over my 20 or 30 years, it went from just one or two parts of the car to be galvanized -- or almost the whole car is becoming galvanized. So I think there's just a general expansion of that. Over time, people talk about the lightweighting in the automotive arena or lightweighting comes from stronger products, but also comes through thinner gauge material. So if you look at the length of coated material today versus the past. Just thinner means less throughput and needs more lines to get the same volume. So, I don't see there being a galvanized flood or issue that you might see.
Timna Tanners: Okay, great. Thanks again. Appreciate it.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, super. Well, thank you, everyone, for your time today. Certainly, for those that have enabled our success, our customers, our service providers, and most importantly, our teams absolutely phenomenal group of people. We appreciate your loyalty, because we've been doing business together for years and years and years. And to those in the investment community that support us, thank you. We will endeavor to continue to treat our money or SDI's money like our own, like your money. We're going to utilize it very, very effectively. I think if you look at our use of those proceeds, we're very diligent, very disciplined in this interesting environment, spending money, again, effectively with higher returns than perhaps the industry in general. So thank you. Thank you for your support and to every individual of the SDI family that's on the line. Thank you for what you do. Be safe each and every day and look after each other. Cheers. Bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 21, 2022, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to integrating or starting up new assets, the aluminum industry, the use of estimates and assumptions in connection with anticipated project returns and our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and, if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record Second Quarter 2022 Results. Now Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, David. Thank you, everyone, for being with us on our second call this week. Its been  it was exciting to announce our new growth initiative on Tuesday with our entry into the aluminum market. And its only been, I think, probably 48 hours or so, and the customer response from all three market segments, whether it be distribution processes, whether it be the packaging industry or even automotive, its been absolutely staggering the early sign of affirmation of us getting into the marketplace, and I think speaks to the lack of supply and optionality within that market. So thats exciting. And its as exciting and even more exciting to announce yet another record quarter, record consolidated volumes, earnings per share, cash flow, all supporting our cash allocation strategy and commitment to build shareholder value. Specifically, we repurchased $517 million worth of the companys common stock, representing 3.5% of our outstanding shares in the quarter. So we were staying true to our repurchase programs. We are certainly beneficiary of a strong market tailwind but Im incredibly proud of our 11,000 strong team. They are the foundation and the catalyst of our success. They are the ones driving the superior results. Its their culture of excellence and the strategic positioning executed over the last 10 years that allows us to exploit the current market and will continue to produce higher lows and higher highs through the cycle. Ive said it many times before, but none of this matters without keeping everyone safe. Often, employees are described as a companys most important asset. For us, they are more than that. Theyre part of the SDI family, the people, and we are always striving to provide the best for their health, their safety and for their welfare. Were actively focused on safety at all times, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation at every level within the organization. Were certainly better than industry averages, but were not going to rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero incidents. Were continuing to see material market share gains driven by our ESG profile, an industry-leading low carbon footprint for flat rolled products. We will continue our journey to environmental excellence through a defined and achievable plan to be carbon neutral by 2050. Our recent Aymium investment and our joint venture is a perfect example of that. Its an exciting opportunity to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through renewable biomass replacing fossil fuels in our electric arc furnaces. We have tested the product and it works beautifully. We believe it will also work within our iron operations. Initially, it will be 160,000 metric tons per year, and the CapEx is estimated to be around $125 million to $150 million. It will reduce our Scope 1 steelmaking greenhouse gas intensity by some 20%, 25% with even further potential upside from the use of the biogas. So with that said, Theresa, would you like to give us some thoughts?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. As Mark said, what an incredible week. We announced our aluminum strategy on Tuesday, and now were sharing our record results. I can see personal things relate to the entire SDI family. Your performance resulted in record sales, earnings and cash flow, a truly exceptional performance. Our second quarter 2022 net income was $1.2 billion, or $6.44 per diluted share, inclusive of cost of $77 million, or $0.29 per diluted share associated with the continued start-up of our Sinton, Texas Flat Rolled Steel Mill. Excluding these costs, second quarter 2022 adjusted net income was $1.3 billion, or $6.73 per diluted share. Revenues improved across all of our platforms to a record $6.2 billion, driven by record steel shipments and record pricing volume in our steel fabrication business. Our second quarter 2022 record operating income of $1.6 billion improved 8% versus first quarter results, driven by record steel fabrication earnings. Our steel operations generated very strong operating income of $1.1 billion in the second quarter with record shipments of 3.1 million tons, of which Sinton contributed 171,000 tons. Sequential earnings were 5% lower due to metal spread compression in our flat-rolled steel operations as realized pricing declined and average scrap costs increased. In contrast, our long product steel operations experienced metal spread expansion resulting from rising product prices. In fact, we set quarterly record shipments at our Structural Engineer Bar and Roanoke Bar divisions. Second quarter operating income for our mills recycling operations remained strong at $58 million, representing a 20% sequential quarterly improvement as ferrous metal margin and volume improved. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model, benefiting both our steel and mills recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and by reducing company-wide working capital requirements. A huge congratulations once again to our steel fabrication team. They achieved record second quarter operating income of $599 million. These earnings were driven by record average pricing, coupled with record shipments. Steel joist and deck demand remains strong as evidenced by the continued strength in our order backlog, which remains at near record levels and contain strong forward pricing. Based on the strength, we expect steel fabrication earnings to continue to increase even further as the year progresses. Our cash generation continues to be consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly variable cost structure. At the end of June, we had record liquidity of $2.5 billion, comprised of cash and short-term investments of $1.3 billion and an undrawn unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. We generated record cash flow from operations of $1 billion in the second quarter and $1.8 billion year-to-date. During the first half of 2022, we have funded $323 million in capital investments. For the second half of 2022, we estimate capital investments will be approximately $350 million to $400 million, the majority of which relate to our four new flat roll coating lines be located in Sinton and Heartland. We maintained our cash dividend at $0.34 per common share after increasing it 31% in the first quarter. Year-to-date, we repurchased $906 million or 6.5% of our outstanding shares. At the end of the second quarter, $727 million remained available under our most recent share repurchase authorization. Since 2017, weve increased our cash dividend per share by 143%, and we have repurchased $3.2 billion of our common stock, representing 30% of our outstanding shares. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability throughout all market cycles and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes strategic growth with the shareholder distributions comprised of a positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while also dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit designation. Our recently announced aluminum investment is consistent with our unchanged strategy. As I mentioned on Tuesdays call, our cash flow profile has fundamentally changed over the last five years. We will readily fund this investment with available cash and cash flow from operations. We also plan to continue strong shareholder distributions. Weve strategically placed ourselves in a position to have a sustainable capital foundation that provides the opportunity for strategic growth, strong shareholder returns, and maintain investment grade metrics. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is a part of our long-term value creation strategy, and we are dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. Were committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. In that regard, as Mark mentioned, were very excited to  that we formed our joint venture with Aymium recently, a leading producer of renewable biocarbon products. Steel Dynamics owns 55% of the joint venture, and were the operating partner. We have an actionable path toward carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than may lay ahead for many of our industry peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we are moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. As you saw, absolutely incredible results from the New Millennium fabrication platform, record operating income of $599 million in Q2 on record 218,000 tons of shipments. We see the nonresidential construction markets remaining strong. Despite the caution emanating from Amazons message for next year, we have had reaffirmation from our major customers anyway, including warehouse customers that everything remains incredibly strong going forward into 2023. Cloud-based computing, data centers, pharma and schools are all strong. Although the ABI index may have drifted slightly month-over-month, the AI reports, ongoing order activity and architectural firms as well as new work online remains very strong. For us, order input activity remains robust, and we still have near-peak backlog persisting. So thats a very, very good position to be in. Q3 earnings from fabrication will certainly increase. Were going to see increased shipments and metal spread expansion from both increased selling values and lower steel input costs. And as youve seen, this is a  its providing a perfect hedge to softening steel prices. Although we mentioned his impending retirement on our Q1 call, Russ Rinn had his final official day in the office last week after about 11 years of dedicated commitment to SDI and the OmniSource recycling platform. And yes, its  people say its sweet and sour, but for me, it was tough to see him go. He repositioned OmniSource to record earnings last year, dramatically influenced their safety performance over the years and has been a key contributor to the strategic moves weve made as a company. Right now, he is hiking in Virginia. And mate, thank you very much for everything youve done. The recycled platform saw stronger earnings based on higher domestic steel industry utilization pushing demand up, drove higher shipment volume, pricing and associated metal spread. After a strong downward move in prime scrap relative to shred through the quarter, that spread is normalized and pricing is expected to remain more stable in the months ahead. The Omni platform is continuing to work with the steel melt teams to further expand our shred segregation to provide higher volumes of low residual shred scrap, which continues to reduce our dependence on more expensive prime grades. Pig iron availability is normalized and pricing has moderated significantly to low $50 per ton range. We have sufficient pig iron sourced well into next year, and supply is not an issue and the rumors of us having problems with fos levels and such is totally inaccurate. Theres no problem using the Brazilian pig iron that were bringing into our mills. Steel operations had another terrific quarter, record shipments of 3.1 million tons, strong operating income of $1.1 billion. Our second quarter production utilization rate was 95%, certainly above the industry average of some 82%. I think we clearly communicated in the past that higher utilization rates have been clearly demonstrated over time. Our strategy of the value-add diversified product offerings coming out with differentiated supply chains support that along with our internal support from fabrication and downstream. Altogether, it supports our strong and growing through-cycle cash generation capability. Our customer order entry remains strong. Support of value-added products is certainly a part of that. And as I said, weve intentionally grown that value-added steel product mix, created valuable supply chains to mitigate the impact of price volatility. Today, some 70% of our steel sales are value-added. This supports our continued best-in-class financial metrics and cash generation. Specifically to the markets, we expect the automotive arena to remain strong and probably improve as the chip issue mitigates. You still have extremely low dealer inventories and a very strong pent-up vehicle demand from the consumer base. 2022 build rate, therell be some, I dont know, around about 14 million units, and its projected to grow to 16.4 million in 2023 and perhaps 16.8 million in 2024. I think the chip shortage actually for us is a good thing. Its effectively extending the auto cycle and just given us a market thats going to be strong for longer. Construction remains strong as evidenced with the fabrication backlog. Our long products steel backlogs are also strong and several of our divisions recorded record earnings and volume in the second quarter, demonstrating the markets depth. Infrastructure is a further meaningful support. High demand continues for HVAC, appliance and other related products. Energy continues to improve. Were getting large orders in the South. I think its significant to note that the import arrivals that the sort of Ukraine-Russia conflict drove early in the year, those are arriving now, but theres very, very little import interest for sort of October, November, December. And I believe were going to see moderated import volumes in the second half. And significantly, it appears our hot-rolled coil order input rate has grew dramatically in the last week or so, showing signs of an inflection there. Turning to Sinton. Commissioning continues on the hot side and tandem cold mill. The rest of the mill is fully operational. The hot mill has established target volume throughput rates with an average run rate of 75% to 80%. And I just want to emphasize that, that is when we are running, were running at that rate. Surface quality is excellent. Its proven to be superior to both our Columbus and our Butler facilities. The hot strip mill design is allowed for thermomechanical rolling. Thats allowing higher strength grades to be produced at lower alloy content. The reported coil shape from our processes is excellent. And so in total, it affirms the technical process capability of the equipment, affirms the design decisions that were made some years ago for the mill. We are wrestling a little with uptime in July. We have a substation arcing issue that should be resolved this week. We have some unique Texas power supply issues right now. And we are seeing some miscellaneous equipment failures that are typical of commissioning an integrated line. The supply chain is aggravating that a little bit because when you have a  when you need a part instead of getting it in a matter of hours, sometimes it takes a day or two. So we are wrestling with those alligators, not atypical of a start-up of new plant, but we expect substantial resolution of these issues over the next few weeks. So the July issue may have cost us 100,000, 150,000 tons of production for the year, we think, to [indiscernible] itself because July is not over yet, but certainly moving in the right direction, and we clearly expect to be EBITDA positive in the Q4. We continue on our growth. We have the four value-added coating lines under construction and progressing well. Theyre targeted for the second half of 2023 to start up. As you know, we  again, its the strength of our overall strategy and our product mix, but we are the largest non-automotive coater of flat-rolled steels, and now have annual coating capacity of over 6 million tons. Four new lines will increase that capacity by an additional 1.1 million tons. Weve created unique supply chain solutions for our customers, and these lines are almost always fully utilized with our highest-margin products. So switching now to aluminum dynamics. Its been an incredibly exciting week, and it has been incredible. I said it earlier, its been staggering, the initial support that were seeing from all our customers and a massive number of new customers. To recap, its a 650,000 metric ton a year flat-rolled facility thats going to be located in the Southeastern U.S. It have on-site melt and cast lab capacity of roughly 450,000 metric tons. Its a fully equipped flat-rolled mill with two cash lines, coating line and downstream processing and packaging capability. Its going to be supported by two satellite recycled aluminum slab casting centers, one in the Southwest U.S. and one in Mexico. We expect the mill itself to start up in the first half of 2025, the Mexican slab casting center in 2024 and the Southwest slap casting center in  at the end of 2025. Financial impact the total project cost of some $2.2 billion. That expenditure is going to be spread over four years of the project. Its going to be 100% funded with available cash and cash flow through operations, and its expected to add a good $650 million to $700 million in through-cycle consolidated annual EBITDA per year. We certainly anticipate no requirement to add any additional debt. From conversations on the call and subsequent conversations that there appears to be some skepticism regarding our EBITDA per ton target of $1,000. We are confident of that number. And it speaks to what was driven by a myriad of things, but firstly, its a greenfield facility. Everything is happening essentially on one side or the rolling, processing, coating, heat treating. It allows for an optimum site layout and flow of material and logistics, and you can quite easily reduce the labor, the man power input because of that with robotics and automatic storage and retrievable systems. So labor input is going to be dramatically less than the current industry. We will not be burdened by aged facilities and legacy costs. Energy, because of the state-of-the-art equipment that where be installing is going to be a lot lower. Yield improvements will dramatically improve the cost structure, pushing higher scrap content levels and transportation, given the satellite slab casting centers transporting solid dense slab as opposed to scrap is going to be a significant improvement. So were very, very confident of that cost projection. From an investment premise standpoint, obviously, we see a very clear gap in the supply and demand. Theres a current and growing deficit, supply deficit. We see a very close sort of overlap and business alignment. And essentially, you could  if we filmed the steel mill and an aluminum mill in black and white, most people on the call today wouldnt be able to tell the difference. I mean its  all it is a different metal. We clearly will be able to execute the project well. Its incredibly cost-effective growth. Given the opportunities that are in the marketplace today, and the exorbitant multiples that are expected from sellers. This is a very, very CapEx efficient growth project. As I said, we have got absolutely great customer support. And at the end of the day, our success has always been driven by the SDI culture by our employees. It drives higher efficiency than anyone else, drive lower cost. And if you look at that industry, it has a very, very, very steep cost curve. And that will obviously  if you were at the lowest quartile, thats going to support margin through the cycle. So were incredibly excited by the opportunity. So in general, its been a phenomenal week. Its been a phenomenal year for SDI that will continue through the rest of this year. Our team provides our success, the foundation for that success, and I thank each of them for their hard work and their commitment. I remind each and everyone to remember, safety is always our first priority. Were going to continue to focus on providing superior value for our customers, through our company, team members and shareholders alike. We look forward to creating new opportunities for everyone in the years ahead. So with that said, Id like to pass the call over for questions. Holly?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Emily Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Emily, your line is live.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa, and thank you for the update today. My question is just around your power cost exposures across the portfolio. Can you highlight to us what is hedged or fixed price power and what still remains on spot? Is Sinton actually exposed to market prices? Or have you since put some hedges in place there?
Theresa Wagler: Emily, we have  across the portfolio of those steel mills, we have a mix. So for example, and then to be able to split it out in a manner on a percentage basis, Ill have to kind of go back and talk to the team. But I would say its probably at least 50% to 60% thats contractual, and they tend to be long-term contracts of two to three years, have escalating factors included in them. And the remainder is spot. There is some that we hedge. Sinton right now is a little bit difficult simply because, as Mark mentioned, were in startup and they actually constructed a massive substation on our behalf in the region. And so I think most of Sinton at this point is still on a spot basis because of the stop and starts that weve been having right now in July.
Mark Millett: Emily, thats the electrical power. On the natural gas side of things, we typically hedge around about 60%, 65% of our consumption.
Emily Chieng: Great. Thats very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Seth Rosenfeld with BNB Paribas. Seth, your line is live.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thanks for taking our question. If I can ask one with regards to [indiscernible] fabrication and non-resi activity. At the time of Q1 results, I think you noted still record backlog and that change site to a near record. Can you give us any color for how significant of the contraction in backlog tons or duration has been realized? And on the pricing side, you commented earlier, aggregate price realizations will increase coming quarters. But on the most recently on orders, are we seeing any downward inflection of late?
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Seth. So as it relates to the fabrication business, we said near records just because of recent we have people back checking all the time and if its not a record, we have to say near record. There has been some contraction from the peaks, but were still having a backlog thats well into 2023. So its not something that were concerned about or we think its endemic of anything changing significantly. From a pricing perspective, were still having very strong price support, and there is still increased pricing that is included in the backlog. So were feeling very good about the non-residential market, specifically for our steel fabrication business. Mark, do you have anything to add?
Mark Millett: No, no. That sums it up well.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thanks very much. Lets ask a separate question, please. On the working capital side, I think on the call earlier this week, you had a potential tailwind from working capital release moving forward. And Q2, you saw another quarter of large investment. Can you give us any color on your expectations for second half as steel raw materials price decline?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely, Seth. Were still  so I dont  I guess I wouldnt call it a significant increase. I think the increase in the second quarter for working capital was just a little over $100 million. So I thought that small, but given the size of the working capital at this point in time, it was incremental. But we would expect a pretty significant working capital release in the probably two to three quarters. And it has to do with not necessarily just have seen some weakness, as Mark mentioned, or some softening in the flat-rolled prices, but weve also been specifically reducing physical inventories at our steel fabrication business as they had extra substrate for different reasons on the ground from a steel perspective. So theres some structural things that were doing as well as from a pricing standpoint. So again, second half of the year into next year, I would expect working capital release.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Carlos, your line is live.
Carlos De Alba: Great. Thank you. Good morning, Mark and Theresa. The question is on CapEx progression for the aluminum project announced, how do you see the CapEx for this year and for the coming years until the project is ready to start up?
Theresa Wagler: Carlos, Ill point you to the presentation thats still out on the website that we provided on Tuesday. But from a CapEx progression standpoint, we believe well spend somewhere between $200 million and $300 million on the flat-rolled aluminum project in 2022. That would be additive to the number that I gave you earlier for the estimate for the rest of 2022 of being in that $350 million to $400 million range. And then the bulk of the spend will be in 2023 and 2024, each of those years being around $750 million to $800 million. And then finally, we would have the remainder, which is around $300 million to $350 million in that 2025, 2026 time frame. So its over a period of four to five years where well be spending the investment. And thats why Mark was very clear, and Ive tried to be clear as well that this will readily be funded through cash flow and cash flow from operations.
Carlos De Alba: Fair enough. Thank you. And if I may just try another one quickly. Have you seen any particular pricing pressure in the steel Southern markets or Northern Mexico with the ramp-up of Sinton as well as the ramp-up of  steel ramp-up of Terniums facility as well as Metals facility, a little bit further south in the Mexican market?
Mark Millett: Well, I think, Carlos, you saw generally a sort of erosion on the hot band, hot-rolled coil pricing across the U.S. in general, and it was a little stronger in the South, because of the reasons that you suggest. As I suggested, were seeing our order activity on hot band recently pick up dramatically. And so I think theres no support there in that product category.
Carlos De Alba: Fair enough. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Timna, your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask a little bit more, if I could, I know on the last call, when weve spoken to you, you mentioned that you were looking at a pig iron alternative kind of leveraging your iron dynamics operations. So  if you could expand on that. And then if I could throw in one more. Just I thought it was interesting that you mentioned the market is pessimistic, but your customers are optimistic. So I was just hoping you could also elaborate on that. Thanks a lot.
Mark Millett: Well, from a pig iron perspective, we certainly would like to pursue sort of some level of captive supply and self-sufficiency. And not unlike the last call, we are pursuing or exploring whether the Iron Dynamics technology or an alternative technology is best suited for us. But thats sort of a project in process going forward, Timna. If there were to be a project, again, from a capital perspective, thats not a huge, huge issue. Im sorry, I didnt catch the  quite the second comment or question.
Timna Tanners: Thanks on Iron Dynamics. Thats helpful. So it doesnt sound like a big capital use then, is that what youre saying?
Mark Millett: Absolutely not. Yes.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Helpful. Thank you. No, I just wanted to
Mark Millett: You had a market question?
Timna Tanners: Yes, if you wouldnt mind elaborating, in the release, you talked about how theres a prevailing pessimism, but your customers are optimistic? And then you talked about hot-rolled order entry improving recently. And Im just wondering if you could elaborate a bit on how that contrasts with the pessimism and maybe some elevated inventories.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess, all we can do or all I can do is look through the lens of our order book. And as I mentioned over the years, a wise man told me that, hey, the order book tells all, but it tells all for us. I cant speak for the rest of the industry. But were not  we havent seen a dramatic structural sort of change in underlying demand. Order activity has remained pretty strong. There was a little softness in hot-rolled coil, and thats rebounding, I think. And so theres  when I say sort of motion in the marketplace, there seems to be a cloud out there that you got recessionary pressures and all these things going to drive the market there. As just pointed out, right now, through our order book, we dont see it.
Timna Tanners: Thanks very much.
Mark Millett: Thanks, Timna.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Phil, your line is live.
Phil Gibbs: Hey, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, you mentioned spot prices for pig iron are clearly coming down, and we see that, too. But are you all locked into higher numbers than that prevailing spot if you chose to hedge a lot more forward during the war?
Mark Millett: We had, I would say, a mix. There were right at the onset of the conflict. We did buy a couple of both that were at the high end of that range over, but we now have a kind of a mix of material. I think the highest we may have paid is like $900 or so a ton. We got a couple of boatloads of that. But then we have a lot more material coming in at lower pricing. And the forward boats are tending to be indexed against the market price. So it shouldnt be a major impact for us.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. And then Theresa, the normal mix dispersion on sheet, if you have it?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely, Phil. The hot roll P&L number is 861,000 tons; cold rolled, 131,000 tons; and the coated products are 1,132,000 tons.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you. And if I could sneak in one more here. Just on Sinton, have you all changed your thought process on what its going to do this year in terms of volume contribution to the second half? Im just trying to trying to read what you all have put now in terms of having lost production in July, but having got to high melt utilization at one point. So just trying to think through what the next few months look like here because were getting to the tail end of the year.
Mark Millett: Got it. The  and again, its  were wrestling alligators a little, I guess, and sometimes you dont know when youre going to win. But I suggested earlier, our July issues have probably cost us 100,000, 150,000 tons, Phil, from our annual sort of projection, and we were around 1.5-ish. So you can do the math, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. But that number was relative to the 1.5, thats kind of just what I wanted to hear in terms of understanding that. And then last question from a housekeeping standpoint is just what the updated CapEx numbers for this year, if I missed it, because I know you got the aluminum project and some other things that you had done there? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So Phil, for the second half of the year, excluding the aluminum project, we estimate CapEx to be somewhere between $350 million and $400 million, and a majority of that relates to the four new flat-rolled coating lines. If we look at what we may spend on the aluminum investment, well likely spend an additional $200 million to $300 million. So the total second half of the year is likely to be somewhere between $550 million and call it, yes, around $550 million, $600 million.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Andrew Keches with Barclays. Andrew, your line is live.
Andrew Keches: Hi, good morning. Theresa, I dont want to belabor the point, but I want to try and ask the capital deployment question from earlier in the week in a slightly different way. So you have the two turns of net debt threshold out there, but the reality is youve been operating at about half of that for the past year or so. And you made the comment, I think its obvious that without buybacks, youd eventually find yourself net cash, and you also dont want to go to the bottom end of that range. So I guess what would be helpful is to know what you think the right level of leverage is for the business at this point in the cycle? Is 2 times the level where youre comfortable getting back to? Or should we take the fact that youve been operating below that for the last year or so as an indication that you want to keep some flexibility within that range, so were not just going to intentionally lever back up?
Theresa Wagler: No, the intent isnt to intentionally lever the balance sheet. We like to maintain it at a flexible level to allow for growth projects just like were doing right now. So we did this with Sinton as well. We started out with an additional cash, lower leverage on the balance sheet so that we were able to very easily commit to a capital investment that would be funded through cash and cash flow from operations, while maintaining flexibility and optionality in case there were to be some sort of acquisition opportunity that were to become available, et cetera, or in the absence of that, so that were able to continue to have our very, we believe, is a positive shareholder distribution plan, which allows for us to continue to keep increasing the dividend at an appropriate level, because it is a forever type of investment for us. We want to make sure its maintained at a manageable level. And then in addition to that, we have the opportunity to strategically and opportunistically use the share buyback program. So there is no intention to relever the balance sheet, but we are keeping that flexibility within it so that we can easily fund these projects.
Andrew Keches: Okay. Maybe just as a quick follow-up. So what  youve talked about the cash flow profile structurally changing, but the business is also growing. So what do you think the right level of cash is for the business going forward?
Theresa Wagler: We actually dont manage to a cash level on the balance sheet. We look at liquidity in totality. And so yes, Im not really comfortable answering that question.
Andrew Keches: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There appear to be no further questions in queue. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Holly. Again, thank you, everyone, for being on the call joining us today. Just finally, Id like to congratulate once again the team. Absolutely fantastic performance this past quarter, and were continuing that through the rest of the year. To our customers, again, you have been loyal to us. Thank you for your support and for the growing support. And I would also like to look forward to welcoming our new customers on the aluminum side and any folks that want an incredibly dynamic career, come join us, were going to be making some aluminum. So thank you very much, everyone. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 21, 2022 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on this call individually. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and our fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record First Quarter 2022 Results. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. And as always, we appreciate and value your time with us this morning. Record results are of no importance if our teams did not remain safe. So before beginning this morning, I want to pause for a moment to acknowledge a recent workplace fatality that occurred at our Heartland Flat Roll division. We are deeply saddened, our thoughts and prayers reside with his family and friends. The reason I always begin our calls with a topic of safety is because it can never be overemphasized. Safety is our #1 value and first priority. Nothing is more important than sustaining a safe environment for our employees. We must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our team members. We must actively think about safety at all times, keeping it top of mind, an active conversation. Simply, safety comes before everything. And with this backdrop, it's difficult to celebrate an otherwise phenomenal performance. But we're here this morning to share what the team accomplished in the first quarter and to congratulate them. Their record performance this quarter was another extraordinary achievement driven by the commitment, innovation and passion of our people, executing on our long-term strategies of diversified value-adding growth. I thank the whole team, the entire team for your dedication to excellence in every pursuit. We're committed to operating our business in an environmentally responsible manner and have been since our founding. We have always been and continue to be a leader in production of sustainable low-carbon emission steel products. We encourage the use of new technologies and processes to reduce our impact on the environment, including a strategic focus on carbon emissions mitigation with a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. Our sustainability strategy is an ongoing journey. We are starting from a leadership position within the industry and plan to stay there by doing even more. But before I continue with more market commentary, Theresa will share insights into our performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. It's exciting to continue to see all the new milestones being continually reached throughout the company. A personal thanks to our teams and congratulations. Your performance resulted in another record quarter for Steel Dynamics with net income of $1.1 billion or $5.71 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2022. In the quarter, we incurred cost of $84 million or $0.31 per diluted share for the continued commissioning start-up of our Sinton Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill. Excluding these costs, first quarter 2022 adjusted net income was $1.2 billion or $6.02 per diluted share. First quarter 2022 record revenues of $5.6 billion and record operating income of $1.5 billion were both 5% higher than sequential fourth quarter results driven by higher realized selling values in our steel fabrication business and continued strong performance in our steel and metals recycling operations. We also achieved record quarterly cash flow from operations of $819 billion [ph] and adjusted EBITDA of $1.6 billion, a truly exceptional performance. We see positive industry fundamentals for at least the remainder of 2022 and believe our second quarter 2022 results could achieve yet another new record performance. Our steel operations generated very strong operating income of $1.2 billion in the first quarter, achieving record shipments of 2.9 million tons, of which Sinton contributed 50,000 tons. Earnings from our steel operations were 15% lower than sequential record fourth quarter results related to metal spread compression and our flat-roll steel operations as realized pricing declined more than raw material costs. In contrast, our long product steel operations experienced metal spread expansion based on rising product prices. Despite hitting record volumes, we still have additional steel shipping capacity, much of which is within the long product steel group. When Sinton is fully operational, it will contribute an additional 750,000 tons per quarter of availability. Operating income from our mills recycling operations for the first quarter were strong at $48 million, based on improved metal margins as both average ferrous and nonferrous pricing improved in the quarter. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap which improves furnace efficiency and by reducing company-wide raw material working capital requirements. Mark will expand on the meaningful benefit of our steel and metals recycling teams working together to reduce our cost of raw materials as well. A huge congratulations to our steel fabrication team. They almost doubled their previous record results, achieving a new record high quarterly operating income of $467 million, eclipsing the entire full year of 2021 results by almost 30% in just one quarter. These earnings were driven by record pricing supported by near-record shipments of 210,000 tons. Steel joist and deck order activity remains incredibly strong. Our steel fabrication business continues to operate with a record backlog considering both forward product pricing and volumes which currently extends through the first quarter of 2023. Based on this strength, we expect steel fabrication earnings to continue to increase even further as the year progresses. Our cash generation continues to be consistently strong based on our differentiated circular business model. At the end of March, we had liquidity of $2.4 billion comprised of cash of $1.2 billion and our fully undrawn unsecured revolver. During the first quarter of 2022, we generated record cash flow from operations of $819 million. Working capital grew $757 million due to higher customer account values stemming from higher prices and volume, coupled with the payment of our 2021 company-wide profit sharing of $360 million. We also funded $159 million in organic capital investments. We believe full year 2022 capital investments will approximate $750 million the majority of which relate to our four new flat-rolled value-added coating lines to be located in Sinton and Heartland. We also finalized the purchase of 45% of the equity interest in New Process Steel on February 1. We increased our first quarter cash dividend by 31% to $0.34 per common share based on the additional ongoing through-cycle free cash flow expected from our new Sinton steel mill. We repurchased 390 -- excuse me, we repurchased $389 million of our common stock in the first quarter, representing 3% of our outstanding shares. As we exhausted our previous program, we also announced the Board's approval on an additional $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization, further demonstrating our confidence in Steel Dynamics future cash flow generation. Since 2017, we've increased our cash dividend per share by 143% and we've repurchased $2.7 billion of our common stock, representing 27% of our outstanding shares. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizing strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program while also dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is a part of that long-term value creation strategy and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. Further committing to this path, in 2021, we announced greenhouse gas reduction and renewable energy goals, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. To increase transparency and accountability, we've also set interim milestones for 2025 and 2030. We had led the steel industry with our exclusive use of electric arc core steelmaking technology, our circular manufacturing model and our innovative solutions. We plan to sustain our leadership position by executing our carbon reduction goals through among other avenues, investing in emission reduction projects, increasing the use of renewable energy and developing and supporting new innovative technology. As an example, we're incredibly excited to recently invest $25 million in the equity of Aymium. Aymium is a producer of renewable biocarbon products that replace fossil fuels and reduce emissions in large global industries, including new electric arc furnace steel industry. We have an actionable path towards carbon neutrality that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than most of our peers. Our sustainability and carbon reduction strategy is an ongoing journey and we are moving towards the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. For those of you that like to track our detailed flat roll shipments for the quarter, hot rolled and Pickled and Oiled shipments were 736,000 tons, cold-rolled shipments were 162,000 tons and coated shipments were 1,065,000 tons. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Our steel fabrication operations executed another exceptional record quarter. The earnings power of this platform in this environment still has not been completely displayed as customer demand and pricing continue to be strong. Our steel joist and deck order backlog remain at record volume and forward pricing levels, extending well into the first quarter of '23. The nonresidential construction market remains solid, considering the trend we have seen over the last year, especially in areas that support online retail, specifically represented by construction of distribution and warehouse facilities, along with data centers, schools and health care. Our steel fabrication operations provide a significant natural hedge to our steel production operations in a stable or moderating steel price environment. They also support our steel mills during periods of weaker steel demand as a ready internal customer, what we call pull-through volume, increasing the through-cycle utilization of our steel mills. We have steel fabrication facilities located throughout the U.S. and in Mexico, providing us with an advantaged broad-based customer-centric supply chain. As I move into metals recycling, I'll just take a moment to thank Russ Rinn given his impending retirement in July for the truly significant contributions he's made to that platform over his 10 years, 11-year tenure. He's helped transform that business. Today, we're operating at the same volumes with 1,500 less teammates. So the consolidation there and rationalization has been excellent. And I got massive faith in Miguel Alvarez, who now is leading that platform. I've got great faith that he's going to continue that transformation and do great things with that business. So Russ, my sincere thanks mate. Our metals recycling operations also performed well in the quarter with steady operating income of $48 million. As one of the largest ferrous and nonferrous metal recyclers in North America with operations throughout the U.S. and Mexico, we have a competitive advantage in providing the highest quality, cost-effective scrap to our EAF-based steel mills and to our other customers. In today's environment, our advantage of having our metals recycling platform is even greater. During the last 18 months, our recycling and steel teams have worked closely in developing a higher-quality shredded scrap that can be used in place of prime scrap. The combined effort resulted in our Butler Flat Roll Steel division, reducing its need for prime scrap from 65% of its mix to only 40%, while achieving the same steel qualities. We are currently rolling this out to our Columbus and Sinton Steel divisions, allowing for a lower cost, readily available, low-residual scrap supply. Additionally, given the historically high spread between prime and obsolete grades which is around $170 a ton today, the reduced prime scrap requirement has provided a significant cost savings. The teams are also working together as global pig iron supply chains have been disrupted with the advent of the invasion of Ukraine. Our flat-roll steel operations have reduced the demand of pig iron usage while maintaining the highest level of steel quality through changes in our operating practices and the health of our metals recycling team and sourcing alternative inputs. We have sufficient resources for our steel production to continue operating uninterrupted. Additionally, of particular note, our Butler Flat Roll division has the advantage of iron dynamics, an on-site liquid pig iron production facility that supplies almost all of Butler's pig iron requirements. Charging liquid pig iron into the electric hot furnace also significantly increases productivity and reduces melting costs. We developed the technology years ago and it's the only existing facility of its kind today. We are currently in the process of pursuing opportunities to become even more pig iron self-sufficient for the future. The steel team had an outstanding quarter as well, achieving record shipments and operating income of $1.2 billion. During the quarter, the domestic steel industry operated at production utilization rate of 80%, while our steel mills operated at a rate of 93%. We consistently operated at higher utilization due to our value-added product diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions and to support our internal manufacturing businesses. hot roll coil pricing moderated during the early part of the first quarter but prices have recently firmed with extending order lead times across the product set, especially in coated products. With continued strong demand, we believe steel prices will remain strong. Based on higher raw material input costs, global flat-rolled steel supply disruptions related to the Ukraine, Russia conflict and lower steel imports. Throughout our company history, we have intentionally grown our value-added steel product portfolio and created valuable customer supply chain solutions to mitigate the impact of price volatility. Today, at least 70% of our steel sales are considered value-added. This differentiated business model will continue to provide best-in-class financial metrics and through cycle cash generation. Looking forward, we remain optimistic. The automotive sector steel consumption is expected to grow with production through 2024 returning to over 17 million units supported by an extreme lack of automotive dealer inventory and strong pent up demand. The nonresidential construction sector is strong as evidenced by the strength of our customer backlogs within our long product steel group. Our Structural and Rail and Roanoke Bar divisions both achieved record quarterly earnings and our Engineered Bar Products division is operating at historically strong volumes. And additionally, as we discussed steel fabrication operations are operating at never seen before levels. Residential construction is also good, resulting in high demand for HVAC appliance and other related products. Strong energy prices continue to push up the rig count and we have seen solid demand for energy products. In aggregate, our steel order backlogs and order input strength coupled with broad optimistic customer commentary and general market momentum drive us to conclude that steel market dynamics will remain strong throughout 2022. Steel Dynamics is a dynamic growth company, increasing through-cycle earnings and cash flow to support continuous long-term value creation. Our most recent and significant investment represented by a new state-of-the-art electric arc furnace flat roll steel mill located in Sinton, Texas. This differentiated strategic investment facilitates significant through-cycle operational and financial growth for our teams and customers and for our vendors and shareholders. This electric arc furnace steel mill represents next-generation lower carbonate emitting steel production capabilities, providing differentiated products and supply chain solutions. The 3 million tons state-of-the-art facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of any existing electric arc furnace flat-rolled steel producer, competing even more effectively with higher carbon-emitting integrated steel facilities and high carbon foreign competition. It provides us with a more diverse value-added steel product portfolio and benefits our customers with an even broader climate conscious supply option. Sinton's strategic location is centralized in our underserved steel consumer region that represents over 27 million tons of relevant flat roll steel consumption in the U.S. and Mexico. We offer shorter delivery lead times, providing a superior customer supply chain solution for the region. We will also effectively compete with steel imports arriving in Houston and the West Coast. We have seven customers locating on our site, representing up to 1.8 million tons of annual flat-rolled steel processing and consumption capability, four are already operating and the other two have broken ground -- three have broken ground actually. This represents a unique closed loop process as we provide them on-site steel and simultaneously reclaiming the scrap to be remelted into new steel products. We have an advantaged raw material procurement strategy for Sinton. Our acquisition of a Mexican metals recycling company in 2020 provides a critical source of prime scrap supply. These operations are strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. Sinton provides a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, with significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and offers a lower carbon alternative to imports in a region in need of options. We currently expect 2022 shipments from Sinton to be over 1.5 million tons achieving utilization of approximately 80% by the end of the third quarter and over 90% before year-end. In addition, our previously announced additional four value-added flat roll coating lines are still on schedule to begin operating mid-'23 in support of our Sinton steel mill and our Heartland flat roll operations. The four lines are comprised of two new paint lines and two new galvanizing lines with Galvalume coating capability. Our unique value-added coating supply chain strategy has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at or near full capacity. Existing customers are anxiously awaiting the volume from these new lines. We're the largest domestic non-automated coater of flat roll steels with an annual coating capacity of over 6 million tons. And these four lines will increase that capacity by an additional 1.1 million tons. In closing, our sustainable symbiotic operating platforms and customer-centric supply solutions demonstrate our financial and operating stability differentiating from any competition. We're not the same company that we were nearly five years ago. We are not just a steel company. Our average annual free cash flow has more than doubled and is still growing. The consistency and industrial strength of our earnings is clear and we are investing for transformational growth. Our people and their spirit of excellence provides the foundation for this success. And I thank you, each and every one of you for your passion and dedication and remind you that safety is always our most critical priority. So everyone, thank you for joining us today and we'll open the line-up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Emily Chieng with Goldman Sachs.
Emily Chieng: My first question is just around your raw material update there. Can you remind us what the raw material mix is or was previously before the shift to using more obsolete versus prime scrap. The amount of IDI that your liquid pig iron that you're using and perhaps how we should see that changing over time?
Mark Millett: Well, IDI is consistently running at about a 260,000 ton rate as we speak. It's been very, very consistent for many years now. And after the original pioneering efforts or challenges that we had many, many years ago, is an absolutely solid, solid, solid technology for us. And again, as I mentioned, virtually all our pig iron needs that Butler is captive from that facility.
Theresa Wagler: Emily, one way to look at it from the shift that Mark talked about from going to -- from prime scrap to an upgraded type of obsolete scrap all the way from 65% to 40%. So if that were able to be accomplished with Columbus, Sinton and Butler, if you just make high-level assumptions that generally we would use approximately 20% of pig iron. And then the rest would be more geared toward that prime scrap. If you think about that from a volume perspective, it could be as much as 1.5 million to 2 million tons shifting from prime scrap to higher grade. So if you apply any spread to that. Today, I think Mark mentioned it's like around $170 per ton which is higher than normal. Even if it's $100, $150 per ton, that could be a significant change once -- if all three mills are fully operational.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Michael Glick with JPMorgan.
Michael Glick: Just on the cost side, beyond scrap, how should we think about energy costs more broadly, just given some of the recent moves we've seen in several of the regional power hubs and natural gas prices as well?
Theresa Wagler: Just as a reminder, from a natural gas perspective, for electric arc furnaces for Steel Dynamics specifically, it isn't a huge part of the cost structure. It ends up being somewhere around 2% or 3% of the cost of manufacturing of steel products. But obviously, there's impact. We're likely to see increasing prices across the spectrum from a natural gas perspective but nothing that we believe is necessarily significantly impractical. And from a power perspective across the spectrum, we're operating in all different grades. And so it's very different. In some areas, we're in the open market and others, we actually have contracts in place. So there should be some escalating prices but nothing that we think will be material at this point.
Mark Millett: And just to add, if you look at it from a global perspective, obviously, energy prices in other parts of the world have appreciated far greater than the U.S., along with other commodity pricing issues. And so the actual global cost curve has risen and should support pricing further. And obviously, given our low-cost position advantages Steel Dynamics.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets.
David Gagliano: I just wanted to ask a little more about the fabrication business, unbelievable how much this has exploded higher over the last year, I know it's directionally not new but again, another doubling in basically the profit contribution this quarter which is fabulous. But it's -- there's a lot of moving parts embedded in that business. And mind me, the visibility towards longer term is still fairly low. So I'm just trying to see if you could give us a little more information on that segment. Can you talk more about how this business is priced? Are there cost pass-throughs? Are there lags between those pass-throughs and contract prices? I know there's a lot of different pieces within that business. But if there's any more visibility, I really appreciate it. And it really just to summarize, if you could just give us what you think your view is on a normalized go-forward EBITDA contribution basis from this business beyond the first quarter of 2023.
Mark Millett: Several points, somewhat collected maybe. But firstly, demand is at historic highs. If you follow the American Joist Institute numbers, it's at peak, peak levels for sure. And it is driven largely by the change in retail, going online retail distribution houses along with the data centers. So that arena is truly pushing massive demand. Secondly, I think it needs to be recognized that the industry since prior peaks has changed dramatically. It's a rationalized, consolidated industry today. And that allows -- it's just a change dynamic that allows us to have, I think, greater pricing strength. And as a realization today, the value of the product is a lot higher than people would suggest in past history, that product is going to sell at higher levels going forward no matter where we are in the cycle.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, David. Just a couple of other points to add to what Mark described. So if you're looking at a backlog for the fabrication business versus the steel business, it's very different. So once a project enters the backlog in our fabrication business, the entire project has been highly engineered and is part of a bigger construction project overall. And if you look at the steel costs that are involved in these large projects that we're participating in, it's really not a large percentage of the entire project. So the customer base, if you will, is not as sensitive to steel pricing as one would think. I mean I think you saw that in the first quarter where even though flat rolled steel prices had a couple of months of weakening that didn't change at all what we were putting in the order backlog at our fabrication business. And so that's one thing. The second thing is because our backlog is out much longer than it typically is, we typically would see a backlog of maybe four to six months. Now it's out and that would be a very good backlog. I mean now we're out into -- well into 2023. And so we changed some of the contract terms as well to try to ensure there's more security and what I would say is more visibility and certainty around the backlog. So we believe that we have a great deal of visibility. We know where we're pricing today and Mark mentioned in his notes that, that forward pricing is higher than what we even realized at this point in time. And that's why I had the confidence in my notes to say that we expect earnings from the fabrication business to continue to increase throughout 2022. And so, I'm not sure if there's no specific you asked about pass-throughs of costs, specific surcharges, etcetera, like you might see in some of the steel businesses in fabrication. But all of that, once it hits the backlog, it's already guaranteed from a price perspective. So I'll just pause on that and see if Mark and I have addressed your question.
David Gagliano: Yes. That's absolutely helpful. Just again, I'm trying to gauge what the comfort level is around a normalized -- the EBITDA contribution now is 20x what it was historic average for well over five years and that 20x increase happened in four quarters. So I'm just trying to figure out as we go out beyond 2022 and in 1Q '23. Some of this is structural and some of it is not, I'm trying to figure out what you think a normal sort of contribution should be for a business that's relatively low visibility from my perspective.
Theresa Wagler: Sure, David. I would tell you that -- and I can't answer you specifically at this point but what I would tell you is that it's certainly not what the last five years were because Mark pointed to some structural changes within the industry itself from consolidation and other avenues as well as the construction market itself and what it's doing. So there has been some structural change which I think will make that normalized earnings moving forward are higher than we've seen historically as well as what we've done internally. The fabrication team has really done an incredible job. And I know that you've been to some of our operations and we're looking to further automate and to do some really exciting things in the future as well. But also not what we're experiencing today from a normalized level. There are some specific things that happened and with extended steel prices with a very strong construction market, we think that market will continue. I mean specific to there's a large concentration in warehouses at this point. but we will do our best in the future to try to give you a little better idea of what normalized might look like.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Seth Rosenfeld with BNP.
Seth Rosenfeld: I have two follow-ups, please with regards to the raw material strategy. First, thanks for the color on your efforts to cut your reliance on prime scrap and pig iron. Can you just talk a bit more about those markets and the outlook into spring, so you had a huge squeeze in March. Are you now seeing any signs of some softening of those markets as availability improves? And a follow-up, please, you commented quickly in your prepared remarks with regards to some interest in becoming more self-sufficient for pig iron. What might that include? Is it going to be organic or inorganic in nature. I'll stop there, please.
Mark Millett: Well, firstly, on the pig iron opportunities I prefer not to go into that. Just suffice it to say that we have plans. Relative to -- and I apologize, I didn't necessarily hear all the first question.
Theresa Wagler: Mark, the question Seth asked relates to pricing around raw materials and what we're seeing kind of in the near term and longer term for scrap and maybe for pig iron?
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, the unimaginable human tragedy of U.K. -- of Ukraine, sorry, should be at the forefront of everyone's mind but the consequences of that on our industry has obviously been massive and I think just on commodities in general, all commodities. If you look at pig iron, the typical global trade is around about 12 million tons merchant trade, roughly 7 million, maybe 8 million tons of that were originating from Russia and Ukrainian mills. So there's been a big chunk of availability or supply taken out. We -- I can't speak really for other metals but I think they followed suit that we scrambled as an industry to cover our needs for the rest of the year into 2023 from other sources, we were very, very successful in procuring material from Brazil and from India in particular and at the same time, changing our sort of operations and process to lower the need or the requirement of that pig iron. So typically, where a mill is around about 22% pig iron input, our mills today are running around about 14%. So in combination, that's got us into 2023 from an uninterrupted supply. Consequence of all that, though, obviously, pushed pig iron pricing up, it peaked at around about $1,100 a ton. And that drew particularly if we prime scrap up with it, prime scrap today is around $75-ish I guess. Pig iron there is turned over. Transactions are in the kind of the very low $900 range today. And we foresee that pressuring scrap pricing down, at least sideways but more likely pressuring it down going forward into the summer. On the flip side, on the obsolete side, when you have pricing at these levels. And as Theresa suggested, there's a record spread between obsolete shred grades to prime of around about $170 a ton. Historically, that was only about $40 a ton. So at these trading levels, everyone is out there with their pickup trucks picking up old cars and old refrigerators. And so the obsolete stream is considerable today. Flow is very, very, very high and we feel that is going to pressure scrap pricing over the next few months as well.
Seth Rosenfeld: If I can have just one follow-up, please. Within your recycling business noticed that the fair shipments were down year-over-year quite considerably. Can you touch on what's driving that decrease and how you'd expect it to transpire into Q2.
Theresa Wagler: So from a fairs perspective, the shipments were down in the first quarter. It wasn't structural per se. It had to do with where raw material inventories were at the end of the year, heading into the first quarter. There were some mill outages during the first quarter as well. Heading forward is when traditionally, you're going to see seasonality kick in and based on where we see steel demand and how that translates then into raw material demand as well, we would expect to see increasing volumes second and third quarter for mill recycling.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: So first, I just wanted to just get a little bit more color on the new guidance for Sinton starting up. I think now 1.5 million and it was previously 2 million. Is it possible? There's just further delays. Can you give us a little more color on that and what's happened there?
Mark Millett: Sure. Absolutely. And I would say and just to emphasize the progress at Sinton is remarkable. The reduced volume and I think we gave that in our January call was still a little higher than that. And that was before the hot side of the caster and the caster that was delayed. Just to start up itself. But since then, the mill is running extremely well as we commission all the different sort of bells and whistles and commission our capabilities. So we've already been at 84.6 inch width coil. We've already been down to 0.60 on high-strength low alloy grades -- and the hot band itself is -- it was described to me this morning as from our customers as beautiful. So I think it's going well, to be honest and confident that we will exceed that 1.5 million tons in all honesty, we're just being conservative perhaps. I would say, that we just had our national sales, flat roll sales, meaning at Sinton for the last two weeks -- last two days, sorry. And the tenor there is that the customer interest is absolutely off the charts. As I said, it's such an underserved marketplace today and the product differentiation of that facility is going to be insane. And the fact that we have the selling facilities, four of which are already operating will be a massive sort of pull-through sort of volume for that facility. So we couldn't be -- to be honest, we couldn't be happier. Yes, what could...
Timna Tanners: So 90% of the...
Mark Millett: Last December. Yes. But the good side and I think it was -- I can't remember which one have you suggested but a slow ramp isn't all that bad from a supply-demand dynamic right now anyway. And we -- if you consider our ramp-up is going to be solid through the rest of this year and we went to 24, five operation, just this Monday. Up into that point, we would just commissioning sort of 12 hours a day on days. Galvalume steel, obviously, is not ramping up yet and delta is not. So net-net, it's a good thing.
Timna Tanners: Got you. So David and I have said that we're going to start a fab shop. I'm joking, obviously. But we would -- I did want to ask you how hard it would be to see any competitors there in that space, right? Given that prices are now higher than $4,000 a ton. And historically, I calculated $1350. I mean even with the higher costs, those are pretty nice margins. So I know you said it's consolidated but -- how hard would it be to see a new entrant there? And how much of that could be a risk.
Mark Millett: The cost of entry from an asset perspective is not massive. As we've seen or as we described in our last call, we substantially increased productivity and volume capability from our facilities there with almost no capital expense because simply, it's people alliance more than actual capital asset. The engineering of that product is intense to engineer cost effectively is a -- it's proprietary kind of intellectual sort of evolution of many, many, many years. For someone who jumped in fresh nothing is impossible. There's absolutely no way they could emulate our productivity and our efficiency and they wouldn't be able to penetrate in my mind, the marketplace.
Theresa Wagler: Just to add to what Mark is saying, if you think about it, you have to have the architecture and the firms the customers are willing to design at some extent, for your products, etcetera. So it's not something that someone can just get involved and have all the constituents know you right off the bat, Mark said that incredibly well.
Mark Millett: One last thing I would add also is to create the cultural -- the culture for those facilities is absolutely phenomenal. Team does incredibly well. And if you were to visit a joist plant, it's almost a choreography of action and activity and it's very, very difficult to replicate.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: Just a couple of questions. The first one, are there -- could you talk about any potential additional cost in this enhanced shredded-scrap products that you are now creating and charging your mills with other than the spread which obviously is a big incentive for you to move down to shredded. Are there any costs that you incurred or maybe we should take into consideration just besides the spread and the cost of shredded scrap? And then my second question, if I can is, could you remind us or provide us an updated CapEx guidance for this year? And in particular, is there any changes on the CapEx for Sinton given there's lower ramp-up and the delay on the caster?
Mark Millett: Well, I'll take the scrap one and essentially call us, I'd say, somewhere around $10 a ton.
Theresa Wagler: That was very short response. From the perspective of guidance for CapEx for this year, we're still tracking around $750 million and your question was specific to Sinton. And specific to it, we don't expect anything of significance for digital CapEx related to the delays, there was additional expense which you saw flow through the first quarter already due to the delay in just manpower and maintenance of things associated with that delay but not from a capital perspective. So for Sinton we're still at that $2 billion mark which honestly is incredible, given what the teams have gone through for them to be able to maintain their budget while being able to make it through COVID and whatnot and everything else. So we're not expecting anything for the rest of the year in addition from a Sinton perspective for capital.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse.
Curt Woodworth: Mark, with respect to the 1.8 million tons on site that -- I know you said four operating, three under construction but when would you expect that to be fully operational. And then also, when you look at that sort of localized manufacturing capability, do you have a sense of if -- how much of that would be a potential onshoring capability, i.e., sort of new demand or are those facilities replacing, say, existing sites within North America? That's my first question.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess the on-campus sort of development is firstly evolved much quicker than we anticipated. It's been absolutely incredible to see the faith of our customer base and coming to and investing in our sort of dream down there. And secondly, as I said, when I say intentional, we wanted to make sure is that we differentiated our supply chains. And each of those on-site customers per se are in a different field. So we have everything covered from automotive to light-gauge coated to heavy gauge plate cuts and everything. We have a pipe producer there and we have a couple of pipe producers there actually. So it's a good spread, a good array of activity to support our supply chain to customers. And obviously, it's a huge benefit to them. We're able to firstly deliver that material to them free of charge. It's just 200 -- well, not smaller than 200 yards. It's a big site. But a mile down the track, we can deliver it very, very effectively at low cost. If you see and stand beside one of our coils there, it is absolutely remarkable, the difference in size between a 22-ton coil and a 52-ton coil. That's giving those customers massive operational benefits, yield benefits. And so that's a plot. And it also, obviously, just the elimination of that first freight is $25, $30, $35 a ton savings in the supply chain. So we see it as a very, very effective solution. It's going to allow us to penetrate markets much, much quicker.
Theresa Wagler: And Curt, in addition to what Mark said and we're getting a lot of excitement from this from customers of those customers that are on site is that it removes a considerable amount as the greenhouse gas is associated with delivery and movement of material and we'll be able to take their scrap as well. So it's almost a perfect closed-loop environment that heretofore really hasn't been available. So it will be interesting to see how that develops from a marketing perspective as well.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then with respect to Iron Dynamics, I mean it seems like that facility has really become a viable asset to the company. I know in the past, had some issues. Are you evaluating potentially building another facility like that at some point? I know in your prepared remarks, you said you were evaluating potential further investment into pig iron. Just curious kind of how you could see the evolution of that going forward?
Mark Millett: I prefer not to reveal our strategy on pig iron supply right now. But I appreciate the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question coming from Seth Rosenfeld.
Seth Rosenfeld: Just one more with regards to working capital, please. Obviously, very significant investments in Q1 weighing on free cash flow. Can you give a bit more color on the split, perhaps, how much of that was tied to strength in steel prices and volumes versus growth in raw materials inventories, perhaps there was a need to build particularly elevated inventories of raw mats given supply chain disruption. And then, looking forward into Q2 or into the back half what should we think about the sequencing of working capital investment potential release as Sinton begins to then ramp up.
Theresa Wagler: Fairly fast. From the second, working capital. One big draw which I'll just reiterate, even though I had it in my opening comments is that we do pay our company-wide profit sharing in March of every year -- the following year. So there was a $360 million payment to the profit sharing which we're fairly excited to be able to provide that for the retirement of our teams. It's based, as you know, on 8% of pretax earnings. And -- so that was a big part of the lever. The other piece of it really related to fabrication and customer account values and volumes. And it was really less to do with inventory. So inventory was fairly flat. Specifically as it relates to Sinton, Sinton isn't in a building working capital mode. So it increases working capital in the first quarter, somewhere around $150 million to $200 million. You'll see that continue. It might be another $100 million to $150 million in the second quarter and third quarter combined. And then we should really be reaching that capacity point outside of any big movements in inventory valuation itself or in customer evaluations themselves for Sinton. From a consolidated perspective, moving throughout the year, again, we're heading into a seasonally strong environment, second and third quarter. I don't -- you're not going to see as big of a build as we saw in the first quarter because you don't have the same movement in payables and accruals. So I would say it's going to be muted, then likely you'll see some working capital give back in third and fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Alex Hacking with Citi.
Alex Hacking: I got dropped off the call for a little bit, so I apologize if this was asked. And I also appreciate if you're going to give me the same answer that you just gave Curt. But you've talked about scrap and pig, how does DRI, HBI potentially fit into your raw material strategy.
Mark Millett: We currently are purchasing, procuring DRI -- well, not DRI, HBI and have been for many years. For us, it tends to be what we call a value and use kind of economic calculation if it makes financial sense to put it in the mix, then we will buy it. HBI tends to be an inferior product for the electric arc furnace. It's slows productivity there. It's low yield increases energy consumption. So it's never a preferred material. But at the right price, it makes sense. And so we do have a small but kind of steady diet to keep in line with that supply chain. Our furnace is actually at Sinton and we're converting Columbus to sort of in-line charging which allows higher volumes of HBI to be added to the furnace if need be.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, again, we certainly appreciate your time. And hopefully and I see some are just recognizing the strength of our business model, the vertical integration, the downstream supply chain solutions that we have, the diversified value-add mix that we have and now Sinton coming online and another four lines soon thereafter. But we truly, in my humble opinion, we and the team has truly transformed this company over the last five, six years. We're a different company today. We're not just a steel company. And I see that some of you are recognizing that and I think with time. And as my mom always used to say, proof is in the pudding. Well, we're making the pudding, we're proving it and I can't be prouder of the team. They're a phenomenal team. I ask them to be safe each and every day and looking after each other. Thank you for the customers, for your faith and support and for our vendors, particularly the vendors that have gone far and beyond the call of duty, so to speak, in putting Sinton together. They've done a phenomenal job. So thank you. and thank you to our shareholders who support us. So with that said, thank you and have a safe and wonderful day.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 25th, 2022, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Kate. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics' fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that actual results to turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, some on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly compared GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record Fourth Quarter and Record Full Year 2021 Results. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David, and good morning, everybody. Happy 2022. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. We all appreciate your time and thank you for joining us today. The entire Steel Dynamics team delivered an exceptional performance in 2021 with record sales, earnings, and cash flow generation. The team totally shared the previous full year records. It was a tremendous achievement certainly supported by a strong market, but driven by the commitment and passion of our teams executing on our long-term strategies that continue to grow on through cycle and the capability. Thank you, team, for your dedication to excellence in every pursuit. I'm proud to work alongside you. Due to the steadfast commitment, our people helped to one another and their families to our communities and to our customers, we are operating safely amidst the extended pandemic. The health and welfare of our teams remain paramount. Record financial results are no important while teams did not remain safe. Although our safety performance continues to be better than industry averages, our safety performance deteriorated year-over-year. This is an unacceptable trend that we're working diligently to resolve as our intent will always to have zero incidents. Since our founding over 25 years ago, we've been intentional in managing our resources sustainably for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. We are steel industry leader in sustainability, operating exclusively with electric arc furnace technology with a differentiated circular manufacturing business model. As our journey continues, we are committed to the reduction of our climate footprint, including a practical and achievable goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. We're starting from a position of strength, yet plan to do more. We're competitively positioned and focused towards generating long-term sustainable growth. But before I continue with additional market commentary, I'd like Theresa to share insights into our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Good to be with you. I'd like to add my sincere appreciation and congratulate the entire team. We continue to achieve new milestones throughout the business, attaining record annual performance, with record revenues of $18.4 million derived from strong product pricing and volumes across all of our operating platforms. Record operating income of $4.3 billion and net income of $3.2 billion or $15.56 per diluted share and record cash flow from operations of $2.2 billion and adjusted EBITDA of over $4.6 billion, truly an exceptional performance. Regarding our fourth quarter 2021 results, net income was $1.09 billion or $5.49 per diluted share, which includes additional performance-based company-wide special compensation of approximately $21 million or $0.08 per diluted share, which was awarded to all non-executive eligible team members in recognition of their extraordinary performance. Our fourth quarter contribution to the companys charitable foundation is $10 million or $0.04 per diluted share and costs of approximately $52 million or $0.18 per diluted share associated with the construction and startup of our Sinton, Texas flat roll steel mill. Excluding these items, fourth quarter 2021 adjusted net income was over $1.15 billion or $5.78 per diluted share. Our fourth quarter 2021 record revenues of $5.3 billion were 4% higher than sequential third quarter results, driven by higher realized selling values in our steel fabrication business and our flat rolled steel operations. Our fourth quarter 2021 record operating income of $1.4 billion was 8% higher than sequential results, driven by the continued demand trends at our steel fabrication operations. As we discuss our business this morning, we see positive industry fundamentals for 2022, and we're focused toward our continued transformational growth initiatives. Our steel operations generated record operating income of $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter, as increased realized selling values expanded margins across the steel platform, offsetting seasonally lower volumes. Our lagging flat rolled contract business represented approximately 80% to 85% of our total flat roll volume in the quarter. We had quarterly steel shipments of 2.7 million tons, with our steel mill operating at 88% of their capability. For the full year 2021, our steel operations achieved numerous financial and operational milestones. The platform's full year operating income was a record $4.4 billion, with record shipments of 11.2 million tons, a truly phenomenal performance. Now to remind you, we still have additional market opportunity, mostly within our long products group and in line with the startup of our Sinton, Texas mill. Because based on our existing annual steel shipping capability, we have over 13 million tons of shipping capability on the steel side and with Sinton fully ramped, it will be over 16 million tons. Operating income from our metals recycling operations for the fourth quarter remained strong at $44 million, based on the improved metal margins offsetting lower share of shipments. Many domestic steel mills have planned maintenance outages throughout the fourth quarter, lowering various scrap metals. For the full year 2021, operating income for metals recycling operations was a record $195 million driven by uniquely higher volume and average selling value for both ferrous and non-ferrous recycling. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing and operating model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and reduces company-wide working capital requirements Our steel fabrication operations also achieved record operating income in the quarter of $238 million, 2.5 times record third quarter results, driven by materially higher realized selling value, which more than offset escalated average steel  steel input costs. For the full year 2021, our steel fabrication platform achieved another record year with operating income of $365 million and record volumes of 789,000 tons, both steel sheets [ph]. Congratulations to the team. Steel joist and deck demand remains very strong as evidenced by continued robust order activity, resulting in another record order backlog in the quarter, extending throughout 2022. Based on our backlog and customer sentiment, we expect steel fabrication earnings to continue to increase into 2022. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated circular business model and highly durable cost structure. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had liquidity of $2.4 billion comprised of cash of $1.2 billion and are fully available and secure revolver of $1.2 billion. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we generated record cash flow from operations of $724 million and $2.2 billion for the full year, also a reference. Working capital grew $1.7 billion during the year due to higher selling values resulting in increased customer account and inventory value. During 2021, we invested $1 billion in capital investments, of which $831 million was invested in our new Texas flat rolled steel mill. During 2022, we believe capital investments will be in the range of $750 million, the majority of which relates to four new flat-rolled coating mines to be placed in Sinton and Heartland. Regarding shareholder distributions, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per common share after increasing at 4% in the first quarter of 2021. We also repurchased $330 million of our common stock in the fourth quarter, representing 3% of outstanding shares. At December 31, we had $383 million remaining on the price for repurchase under that program. In the past five years, we've increased our cash dividend per share of about 86%, and we repurchased $2.3 billion of our common stock, representing 23% of outstanding shares. While during the same timeframe, we achieved an investment-grade credit rating and maintained our growth company profile by investing $3.1 million in organic capital investments and funding [indiscernible]. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes strategic growth, with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while also dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit designation. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is a part of this strategy, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest level of integrity. Further committing to this path, in 2021, we announced greenhouse gas reduction and renewable energy goals, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. To increase transparency and accountability, we also have interim milestones for 2025 and 2030. We've led the steel industry with an exclusive use of electric arc furnace steelmaking technology, circular manufacturing model and innovative solutions to increase efficiency, reduce raw material usage, reuse secondary materials and promote material conservation and recycling. We plan to sustain our leadership position by executing our climate goals through, among other avenues, implementing emission reduction projects, improving energy management, increasing the use of renewable energy and developing and supporting new innovative technologies. We have an actionable path that is more manageable and we believe, considerably less expensive than what may lay ahead for our traditional blast furnace industry peers. Our sustainability and climate strategy is an ongoing journey and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We play an industry leadership role moving forward. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. And as you said, our steel fabrication operations performed exceptionally well throughout 2021, achieving record volume and earnings. The earnings power of this platform in a strong construction environment is yet to be completely displayed. At the end of the year, our steel joist and deck order backlog was at a record level for both volume and forward pricing, extending through March of 2022. The nonresidential construction market remains sound, especially in areas that support online retail, data centers, schools and health care, specifically represented by construction of distribution warehouse facility. Our steel fabrication operations provide a powerful natural hedge to our steel production operations in a steady or softening steel price environment. Our metals recycling operations also performed well this year, achieving record annual earnings and strong volume growth. The acquisition of a Mexican metals recycling company in August of 2020 has proven to be both strategic supply and an excellent investment, combining a great financial result with the additional benefit of growing access to prime scrap at North Central Mexico in support of our southern electric arc furnace at flat roll steel mill. The metals recycling footprint provides a strategic competitive advantage for our steel mills and our scrap-generating steel customers. We have ample access to ferrous scrap supply, including prime scrap and believe this will remain the case in the future. The steel team had an incredible year, achieving record volume and also record earnings of $4.4 billion, which eclipsed previous peaks. During 2021, the domestic steel industry operated at a production utilization rate of 81%, while our steel mills operated at a rate of 91%. We consistently operate at a higher utilization due to our value-add steel diversification, our differentiated customer supply chain solutions and the support of our internal manufacturing businesses. As we suggested during our last earnings call, new capacity and moderate import growth is pressured to hot-rolled coil price. Supply side issues have largely been resolved and lead times are back to manageable levels after ballooning post COVID as manufacturing steel demand recovered much more fruitfully than expected by the industry. Hot-rolled coil pricing has moderated. But contrary to recent alarmist commentary, the magnitude of the price correction is in no way connected to any material in overall demand. Inventory levels have certainly normalized the pre-COVID levels but are more than appropriate for the present demand environment. December MSCI shipments dropped to approximately 2.4 million tons, but this is consistent with typical seasonality, not an abnormality. Monthly import levels have undergone controlled growth in recent months as the arbitrage expanded. But as anticipated, there's been no surge. The recent hot-rolled coil price declines should effectively eradicate import volume growth in the months ahead. These are natural market adjustments and are not structural changes. Hot-rolled transactions are currently consistent with published index numbers in the range of $1,300 to $1,400 per ton. There are a limited number of large volume spot hot band offerings that can be procured at lower numbers, but these are not prevalent or reflective of the market in general. One must recognize that the spot comp and market has diminished in size over recent years as contract businesses increased across the industry. Therefore, it's not necessarily a true indicator of the whole market. Current hot-band spot offers are based on import values today, which are quickly drying up as the arbitrage strengths. Traders are reportedly finding it difficult to execute any business for second quarter delivery. Throughout our history, we have intentionally grown our value-added steel product portfolio and create valuable customer supply chain solutions to mitigate the impact of price volatility. Today, over 70% [ph] of our steel sales are considered value-add. This differentiated business model will continue to provide best-in-class financial metrics and through-cycle cash generation. Looking forward, we remain steadfast in our optimism for 2022. After a short period of seasonally lower steel demand in November and December, our flat-rolled order input rate in January was one of the best months ever. And backlogs are very healthy. Automotive sector steel consumption should grow year-over-year as the chip shortage eases, fueled by an extreme lack of dealer inventory, which is 60% lower than normal, and strong pent-up demand. The automotive sector operated at production rates lower than normalized levels in 2020 and 2021, around about 13 million units and is expected to grow to 15 million units this year and 17 million units in 2023. Nonresidential construction sector is strong as evidenced by the strength of shipments and backlogs at our structural and rail division and steel fabrication businesses. Residential construction has also been reversed, resulting in high demand for HVAC material, appliance and other related products. Stronger energy prices are now pushing up the rig count and associated under new pipe production. In aggregate, our steel backlogs and our order input strength, coupled with broad optimistic customer commentary and general market momentum, drive us to conclude that steel market dynamics will remain strong through 2022. We anticipate steel demand increasing year-over-year and with a likely retraction of import volumes possibly a moderate rebound in pricing. Steel Dynamics is a dynamic growth company, increasing through-cycle earnings and cash flow to support continuous value creation. Our new Sinton, Texas flat roll steel mill represents our most significant investment to date, providing the avenue for transformational growth and opportunity for ourselves and our customers. This differentiated investment facilitates significant through-cycle operational and financial growth for all of our stakeholders, from our teams and customers, to our vendors and shareholders. This EAF steel mill represents next-generation lower carbon emitting steel production capabilities, providing differentiated products and supply chain solutions. The 3 million tons state-of-the-art facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of any existing electric arc furnace flat-rolled steel producer, competing even more effectively with higher carbon emitting integrated steel facilities and high carbon from our competition. It provides us with a more diverse steel product portfolio and benefits our customers with an even broader climate-conscious supply option. The Sinton construction team has experienced numerous challenges related to supply chain disruptions and COVID impacts. These challenges resulted in hot-side production shifting from the end of 2021 to a class start before the end of February 2022. The Sinton group navigated through the challenges as well and we are on the verge of seeing the significant benefits this facility will generate. Sinton's strategic location is centralized in an underserved steel consumer region and represents over 27 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption in the US and Mexico. These customers are excited to have a freight advantage regional flat-rolled steel supplier. We have six customers committed to locate on our site, representing up to 1.8 million tons of annual flat-rolled steel processing and consumption capability. Five of these customers have already broke ground. We can offer shorter delivery times, providing a superior customer supply chain solution to the region. We will also effectively compete with steel imports arriving in Houston and the West Coast, benefiting our customers in these areas with lower logistics costs, removing risks associated with ocean transit, quality, and delivery. We have also made considerable progress in setting our raw material procurement strategy to the mill. As I mentioned, the acquisition of a Mexican metals recycling company is a critical source of prime scrap supply. They are strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico and have already done a great job growing volume with a lot more to come. Sinton is not simply adding flat-rolled steel production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead-time advantage, and offer a sustainable alternative to imports in a region in need of options. We're also going to build four additional value-added flat-rolled coating lines comprised of two new paint lines and two new galvanizing in lines with Galvalume coating capability. Our unique value-added coating supply chain strategy has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at or near full capacity. Our existing customers are anxiously awaiting the volume from these new lines. One galvanizing line and one paint line will be located on site at Sinton, while the other two lines will be placed at our Heartland Flat Roll division located in Terrault, Indiana. Each site will increase flat-tolled capacity by 540,000 tons to further support our regional flat-rolled steel operations, providing them with more value-added product diversification to serve our customers. We expect these lines will begin operating in mid-2023. In closing, our unique culture and the execution of our long-term growth and capital allocation strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation. Our sustainable, symbiotic operating platforms and customer-centric supply solutions demonstrate our financial and operating stability, differentiating us from any competition. We're excited to continue our growth with new value-creating opportunities. Our people and the spirit of excellence provides the foundation for our success. I thank each of you for your passion and dedication and remind you that safety is always our most critical priority. So, everyone, thank you for joining us today and, Kate, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Also, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question to facilitate time for everyone. Any additional questions can be addressed upon reentering the queue. Our first question today is coming from Michael Glick at JPMorgan Securities. Your line is live, you may begin.
Michael Glick: Good morning. In your fabrication segment, could you give us a bit more color about how we should think about the trajectories of both pricing and margins moving through the year? Any ranges there would be helpful. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Michael. So I think on the last quarter call, we mentioned that we have firm expectations that the fabrication business is going to earn more earnings in the first half of 2022 than in the second half of 2021. We believe well invest firmly in that. So as I mentioned in my remarks, there is an expectation that we see another improvement in the first quarter and in the second quarter as well based on the backlog. So there's more visibility in fabrication, because the backlog is still lengthy, but also because of the pricing that we're seeing that we're able to achieve, as demand remains incredibly strong. So as far as specifics, it's hard to give specifics. I will just tell you that first quarter will definitely be, I think, meaningfully higher than what we saw in the fourth quarter and, again, another step function increase in the second quarter as well.
Michael Glick: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Emily Chieng at Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa and thank you for the update today. My question is just around growth. Now that Sinton is coming towards the end there, and you've got a couple of coating lines and galv lines in the hopper, how do you think about other greenfield growth potential in your portfolio, particularly as it relates to the rebar segment? Do you have a view as to whether or not you need to see further capacity growth in the long product side from Steel Dynamics? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Emily for your question. I think, the -- we will continue to, I think, demonstrate our sort of organic growth opportunities. In all honestly, rebar is not a focus of ours. It certainly has given us diversification in our structure and rail division and Roanoke Bar division, and we'll flex that as markets go up and down. But that rebar is not a target, so to speak, of any major growth. We will continue to grow in the value-added business. Obviously, I think, we've demonstrated that the strategic path has been very intentional and very, very profitable for us. And more importantly, it allows us that diversity of product mix to sustain higher utilization levels through the cycle. So I think that there's still opportunity to further value-add processing on the flat rolled side of things. Additionally, though, it's an intriguing marketplace out there, and we're seeing a pipeline that is full of transactional opportunities today as well.
Emily Chieng: Great. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Timna Tanners at Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning and Happy New Year.
Mark Millett: Happy New Year
Timna Tanners: Thanks. Happy New Year. I want to ask a little bit more about what you're seeing in the first quarter in terms of volumes. Clearly, the softer spot market that prevailed as you mentioned in the fourth quarter with some of the lighter volumes has spilled over a bit to the first quarter. And wondering any early thoughts about what that could mean for shipments quarter-over-quarter. Any thoughts on what's driving that and what might cause that to stabilize? Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we certainly saw the seasonality. And as I said earlier, there is one headline that MSCI shows that 17% compared to August and December. Well, if you look at it each year in history, it always does that. And it's just -- the seasonal adjustment is going to sort of disappear in the fourth quarter -- I mean first quarter of the year. The shipping volumes we would anticipate will increase accordingly.
Timna Tanners: Do you expect normal increase from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in your shipping volumes across the board?
Mark Millett: Pretty much, yes.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Interesting. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Again, we're not seeing -- people, I think, are relating a little bit of pricing softness here with demand. And as I said earlier, demand through our lens is incredibly strong and will remain so throughout the year.
Theresa Wagler: The only thing I would add just to that, Timna, that we actually experienced at the end of the fourth quarter some logistics issues as well like I'm sure people are experiencing outside the steel industry as well as trucking and rail, and things have been disrupted. So there were shipments that we expected to actually deliver in December that we're not able to be delivered. So it's more of a timing issue. So that's going to benefit the first quarter as well.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Ill get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Seth Rosenfeld at Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is live.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good afternoon. If I can follow-up, please, with the outlook for free cash flow and in particular the role of working capital. Obviously, the last year, in particular, Q4, saw a lot of investment in working capital. There were some delays of Sinton ramp-up. Wondering if that was one reason particularly elevated investments in Q4. And with that in mind, can you give us a bit of color on expectations, both outcome in Q1 and for the year ahead? Is it reasonable to assume that with Sinton ramp-up a slightly decline in ASPs for sheet, we could expect a meaningful working capital release? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Seth, thanks for the question. So yes, working capital, we did see significant growth during 2021, most of which is associated with the value growth in our steel products and in the increased volume and product pricing growth in our fabrications business. Sinton, at the end of the year, had about $150 million of working capital and we would expect to see that grow by probably end of the year $50 million during 2022. So in the first half of the year, there's still some structural growth attached to that. But otherwise, as we see product pricing fees and we see the strength in volume, so we would expect to see valuations come down, which should have a pretty significant working capital release during the entirety of the year. You might not see as much of it in the first half, but definitely in the second half of the year.
Seth Rosenfeld: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Andreas Bokkenheuser at UBS. Your line is live.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you. Just a question on inflation. I mean, obviously, it's a bit of an inflationary environment. How are you kind of thinking about inflation this year? Is there anything you kind of got on the table that can kind of mitigate inflation and looking at energy, even scrap? I mean, you've already integrated some scrap yards. Is there room for more scrap yard integration and acquisition there? That's the question on inflation. Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- we can't speak to the overall impact of inflation on the domestic economy. But relative to SDI, I think we're not impacted dramatically. Obviously, scrap will ramp to the marketplace. But from a cost of sort of conversion, we're relatively under control. We have been impacted a little by our cost and we've been impacted by the zinc cost over the last 12, 18 months moving up, but most of which is passed through -- the hourly cost, which sell is higher at our engineered bar division than any other mill, again, that tends to be passed to the customers. So we're not seeing a massive inflationary impact to our cost structure.
Theresa Wagler: I would add -- and Andreas, I know you know this. As it relates to wages where a lot of people are seeing a really significant increase because we have so much of our compensation across the entire team that's performance-based, and it naturally fluctuates. So, we're not seeing the same pressure from a wage perspective because there's so much of the performance bonus compensation that's structurally in place. So I think Mark said, it perfectly that we're not seeing a lot of pressure with items that are passed through to the customer.
Mark Millett: And then one additional comment. I think we may have made this same comment in the last call. But as you reflect on our results, it's amazing to hire the teams throughout our organization just continue to break productivity records. And as such, over the years, we've found our conversion costs are actually incredibly stable or consistent given that the additional volume reduces our fixed cost, our overhead costs, which sort of absorbs any additional sort of inflationary pricing on alloys and those sorts of things. So through -- it's amazing, we just did the study, to be honest, with our Board last November. It's absolutely amazing, how our conversion costs remain very, very, very stable through the cycle.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: So your performance-based structure is a good point. Thank you very much. I appreciate the insight.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Curt Woodworth at Credit Suisse. Your line is live.
Curt Woodworth: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning Mark and Theresa. First question is just with regards to the Sinton ramp-up. I was wondering if you could help us understand the cadence of volume growth in the next couple of quarters and what level of start-up costs we should expect. And then you noted, I think, $1.8 million of on-site captive supply. When would you expect that to be fully functional?
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, we are anticipating the final piece of the jigsaw to be put in place here in the next few days, if not the next week or so, so that the actual specific ramp over the next three months is difficult to predict. But we feel we should demonstrate our performance no less than others signing up the mills here in the last five, 10 years. So we would anticipate at least two million tons of shipments this year, reaching capacity -- essential capacity in the late third quarter or fourth -- probably fourth quarter.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then in terms of the on-site supply, when would you expect that to be at that consumption rate?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- it will come on in concert with our mill, in all honesty. We have one facility that's actually operating currently. There is one very large facility that will be operational in the next couple of months, but it's -- I'm not saying it was totally intentional. But by -- look, if nothing else, those facilities are going to ramp up nicely in concert with the steel mill. On the value-add side, we -- I think we've suggested in the past, the paint line, coating line is doing extremely well. The Galvalume capability comes online here, I think, in a couple of weeks. The finishing facilities performed extremely well. The hot strip mill is essentially commissioned. We bought slabs from third parties, and we also transferred intermediate slabs from our own facilities, took them that sort of preheated them in the tunnel furnace and have driven them through the mill quite successfully. So a lot of the parts are in great, great shape, but just waiting on the cash flow.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then my follow-up is just maybe get a little bit more color on market dynamics last few months. I mean, it seems like between COVID, seasonality, destocking, rising supply, there's a lot of moving pieces here. And it seems like you're indicating that your January order book definitely strengthened relative to November and December. I think you had a comment that you said that inventories were normal, but some service centers saying they've got way too much, others don't. So I'm just curious, is your sense that the inventory level in the industry is generally getting rightsized pretty quickly at this point? And then in terms of the volume trends you saw in the fourth quarter, was it more concentrated on, say, the service center side of your business or on the OEM side? Thank you.
Mark Millett: I think when I say inventories have normalized, I'm just going by history. I mean, it's quite simple, if you look at the last five or six years for sure, but you go back in time longer than that, levels are appropriate. And have they grown? Absolutely. So, they grew from an absolute historic low. And as I indicated, our belief is that they are appropriate for the sort of demand cycle that we're going through. The -- so a little bit of a lull, I do believe. And you've got to live through a few of these cycles in the past, and our team is fortunate to have that experience. But you hit COVID, the whole industry grown to a halt. Things started up much more rapidly. And there's chaos there, absolutely, in the industry, including ourselves, to some degree to catch up. And then when you catch up, what happens? Well, our industry is not perfect. And in general, it overshoots a little bit. And in November, December, you saw things catching up. And all of a sudden, people are getting their supply simultaneously from two to three mills. So, you get that little overshoot, which I think was seen in November to December. Those in the automotive space probably saw it more than most. And so you had that softness particularly in hot band. That will resolve itself. As I said earlier, we don't see any change in the underlying consumption of that steel. Currently, -- and nor do we see that happening over the months and quarters ahead. You just have a little kind of a spike of supply that came through given the seasonality. But again, we're incredibly optimistic for 2022.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Carlos De Alba at Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Carlos De Alba: Yes, thank you very much. And just I guess following up on the last point. So, how should we reconcile then, Mark, that the fact that the lead-times in the industry, the information that is product available have continued to come down? But you -- as you said, you are extremely constructive on how your order book is looking like and demand expectations. Is it -- is this just a supply that you mentioned that picked up in recent months and is going to now be absorbed by demand, or is it Steel Dynamics is gaining market share versus competitors, and therefore, what you're seeing may be different to what the industry statistics that we have access to?
Mark Millett: Well, I think we're certainly seeing market share in certain markets. We've certainly gained a dramatic traction in the automotive sphere, for instance. Unfortunately, that traction was with the automotive producers that weren't as impacted by the chip shortage is maybe the US domestic producers. So, yes, we are gaining sort of incremental market share there. Again, we have phenomenally sort of supportive loyal customers that in -- whether times like this, will support us and then bring their orders to us. Our overall business model, though, again, with a diverse product portfolio that we have, that we have differentiated supply chain solutions in our coated and prepaint business is just different, and it provides phenomenal value for the customer. And those businesses remain strong. And we think that the coated value-add market in general is going to remain very, very, very solid going forward. All you have is a little bit of seasonality, sort of, catch-up moment in hot band, which pressured spot price. If you can envision and I envision that the import volumes that picked up in the last three or four months because of a massive arbitrage growth, if you envision that, that can moderate, which I think is the arbitrage is shrinking. And as we listen to traders out there, having difficulty sustaining business for late second quarter of this year, if the imports do fall off a little, you're going to get demand pressure again. And it wouldnt be unexpected on our part if you saw a little rebound in pricing.
Carlos De Alba: All right. Excellent. Thank you very much, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Gagliano at BMO Capital Markets. Your line is live, you may begin.
David Gagliano: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll just ask a couple of quick ones here. Just on the commentary around 85% of flat roll lagged pricing in the fourth quarter. Can you just give us a sense so we can tighten up the models a little bit for first quarter? What was that average lag duration wise? And is that -- are those reasonable proxies for the first quarter as well?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. The contract business, David, in the fourth quarter was at 80% to 85%, and it's likely to stay in that range at least through the first half of the year, as we're servicing our contract customers. And then, as Sinton comes online more strongly in the second half of the year, that's naturally going to decline to a certain degree, just because of the shift in mix. But we're expecting that to be maintained. As it relates to the lag, it's really about, on average, a two-month lag on the flat roll pricing, and it's generally tied to the CRU index.
David Gagliano: Okay. And that's a reasonable proxy for the first quarter as well, two months lag?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Correct.
David Gagliano: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And then just last question for me. The CapEx, it went up a little bit, 700 prior guide to 750, what was the reason behind that?
Theresa Wagler: Well, it is simply that we went through the extensive study that we do every year, and that generally takes place in the November time frame. So we proved additional projects and those projects, as kind of attested to by our return on invested capital metrics, are really efficiency and growth-oriented, but they're just smaller in nature. So there's nothing individually to call out for the reasons we increase. They're just some really nice projects came to light.
David Gagliano: Okay. Perfect. Its helpful. Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: Youre welcome.
Mark Millett: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Phil Gibbs at KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Phil Gibbs: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Hi, Theresa, can you provide the sheet shipments by product grade?
Theresa Wagler: I apologize. I'm smiling because I did miss that. The hot mill and P&O shipments for the fourth quarter were 693,000 tons. Cold rolled was 136,000 tons. And finally, the coated products were 994,000 tons.
Phil Gibbs: Perfect. And then I remember last quarter, you had -- and Mark, I think you had talked about yellow goods having a decent outlook, and we obviously know your feelings on automotive. What's the future look like in your opinion for SBQ this year and engineered bar?
Mark Millett: I think for Engineered Bar is relatively steady. I think we'll gain some volume as automotive picks up is again 15%, 20% for auto with Engineered Bar, I do believe. So they're going to gain on the automotive side. They are going to lose a bit of volume, not much. As hot band has come off, folks are switching from seamless pipe over to ERW pipe. And so there was a little bit of volume there. For us, though, generally, that's going to benefit. We're already seeing the benefit then in Columbus, to be honest, as we're picking up energy orders there in one large mill  pipe mill is starting back up.
Phil Gibbs: Can you talk about those dynamics a little bit more on the energy side in terms of the switch that it have to do with the trade case that was filed?
Mark Millett: It's -- from our understanding, it's more just a cost issue, taking a slug -- Engineered Bar slug and piecing it and producing seamless pipe is more expensive today now that hot band has come off. And so people are switching to the ERW.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Andrew Cosgrove at Bloomberg Intelligence. Your line is live.
Andrew Cosgrove: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I know you said conversion costs have been kept in check and the team has done a pretty good job. I was just a little bit curious as to if you take the raw material spread and then the excess on top of that. It looks like it ticked up 10% to 15% quarter-on-quarter. I was just curious if that anything to do with having to buy more hot band because Sinton was not up and running and the finishing lines were or anything else that you could add on that particular front?
Mark Millett: Great question. And yes, the conversion -- as I indicated earlier, the conversion costs under control is actually through our lines specifically. But as our conversion businesses -- and today, one has to remember, we're purchasing  1.7 million, 1.8 million tons of substring from others to support our -- the tax in Pittsburgh. We buy some third parties for our New Millennium fabrication business. You've got U.S. steel supply. You have Heartland facility. So yes, the added substrate or the substrate costs moving through does impact the perceived conversion.
Andrew Cosgrove: Right. Okay. And then just lastly, could you just give us a little bit of an idea how much it costs to move things geographically, say from the Gulf up to the Midwest or from where you guys are situated at in the middle of the country to the western part? And then, I guess, along the same lines would be, are you still planning on sending 30% of Sinton's shipments to Mexico?
Mark Millett: Well, several questions there, I guess, well several answers to give. From the Midwest  you mentioned Midwest, the West Coast, very little material moves from Midwest or East through the Rockies to the West Coast. It's quite an exorbitant freight rate. That's why one of the many advantages of Sinton is actually the freight rate, believe it or not, all the way to the West Coast to compete with the inflow market there. I think the freight rate there is $55 a ton or thereabouts. That the cheapest freight rate of any mill to the West Coast to sort of calibrate freights, Northern freight folks in Northern Indiana are shipping down to Mexico. And that's in the order of, I do believe, $95 to $110 a ton or as -- from Sinton into Mexico into Monterrey is going to be likely $37-ish a ton. So, the Sinton facility itself is a phenomenal sort of geographic advantage there to move that material into Mexico. And you're right, 30% or so, a million tons or thereabouts should flow into Mexico from the Sinton facility.
Andrew Cosgrove: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from John Tumazos at John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Your line is live.
John Tumazos: Congratulations on all the customers on your campus at Sinton. With prime metals and the coating lines and then those customers, it's, I guess, close to 4 million tons of potential demand, do you expect to have the 6 more vacant lots for new customers filled? Does it make sense to build a second mill next to the first one if the demand is this good? Is it possible from an engineering standpoint to add another caster to increase the capacity at Sinton above 3 million tons given how much the customers seem to love it?
Mark Millett: Well, John, your independent research is on target as always. So thank you, and thank you for the kind words on the team's performance because they did a phenomenal job last year. I would suggest that Sinton is jewel. The reception we've had there thus far for those six -- to come and be building even before the plant is running, I think, is testament to the vacuum of -- or the impact of the vacuum of steel primary steel production down then. So Sinton is a much needed asset for our industry, and it's definitely differentiated. The addition of a second caster likely is unlikely, but we have designed that facility to add somewhere between one million to 1.5 million tons of additional capacity. So expansion of that facility -- the capability is definitely there. I think we will also
John Tumazos: Mark, what is the limiting factor to the capacity of the plant? Is it the caster or the surrounding infrastructure?
Mark Millett: The caster. The hot strip mill, like our other mills has the ability, given the -- width gauge combination that we can produce there, has 4.5 million tons of capacity.
John Tumazos: Thank you. My son went on a Sinton tour in November. He joined the American AIST, American Iron Steel Technology Group, and he was telling me how great it was and sent me along his notes. So I'm not all that insightful, Mark. I learned from the younger generation.
Mark Millett: Yeah. I know, John. I don't know how that happened, but we were glad that he was there, I guess.
John Tumazos: leadership conference in September of AIST and six -- nine other trade associations in Pittsburgh and has his own friends and the engineering departments of all these steel companies now.
Mark Millett: Yeah. Well, that's good. But no, thanks for your continued support of us, John. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is a follow-up from Timna Tanners. Your line is live.
Timna Tanners: Hey, guys thanks for squeezing me in. I just think there's a lot of question about the fabricating business. And if you look historically the profitability in that division for EBITDA per ton has been pretty consistently $50 to $200 for -- just to give you a broad range, of course. Prices went up $1,000 a ton, EBITDA per ton exploded, and you say it's going to be sustained there. So just like to understand a little bit, is this a new normal in terms of earnings, is this out earning? What's driving that? Are customers not pushing back at all on the big increases in light of falling underlying steel prices? Just any further color would be really helpful.
Mark Millett: Well, it depends on what time period you're calibrating to, Timna, I guess. That industry since last peak has changed and consolidated to large degree. And at the same time, currently, the actual market demand is at a historical high.
Theresa Wagler: So Timna, the visibility that we have isn't predicated upon falling steel prices. Its predicated upon the forward pricing that we know we have in the order book for steel joist index. The team has done a really good job of managing the steel raw material inputs. So that's why we have more certainty. I would not say this is a new normal, no. This is an extraordinary time for them. But to Mark's point, we're gaining market share as well as the team has been doing some really interesting things on the operational side. We've added ship. Unique thing about our fabrication business is we can really achieve whatever volume demand will allow us to have just by adding people rather than adding assets, which is a very powerful tool. As we add volume, it really drops the bottom-line. And so that's why, again, we feel really confident about 2022 for the fabrication, but it shouldn't be our expectation that this is something that is the new normal.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today is a follow-up from Seth Rosenfeld. Your line is live.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thank you again for taking our questions. One final one of mine for shareholder returns. In the past, you've talked about the completion of Sinton as a potential catalyst to increase the base dividend. Can you talk us through the time line in terms of the de-risking of Sinton that you would want to secure before making that step? When we think about the scale of any potential increase, how do we consider that versus historical strategy? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So, I think we mentioned it on the last quarter conference call as well as there is definitely the emphasis from the Board and from the senior leadership team to increase the dividend when we have through-cycle cash earnings that are increasing. And so that definitely is Sinton. We generally have our increases in the first quarter. I can't tell you what that will look like. I would expect to see it sometime in the first half of the year. But again, that's a Board decision to make. They're very supportive of this substantial increase. We have a target of a net income payout ratio of at least 35%. So, that's something that we'll take into consideration as we look at the through-cycle earnings for Sinton and what that dividend increase will look like. But in the meantime, we're using the share buyback program as a complement. That's something that we believe is very powerful for shareholder insurance as well.
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question for today. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thanks Kate. Just quite simply, for those on the line for us, thank you for that support, for sure. Any customers, again, my heartfelt thanks to you. You make us who we are, in all honesty. And to our team, guys and girls, you absolutely shattered any previous performance by a long margin. And yes, the market helped, but what you do each and every day makes us different and proud to be part of you. But lastly, though, phenomenal performance from a volume and from a profitability standpoint. But we need to buckle down -- double back down on our safety and get that trend going back in that with the trajectory as we have in the past. But again, thank you, each and every one of you. Make it a great day. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 19, 2021, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our Web site for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record third quarter 2021 results. And now I'm pleased to turn over the call to Mark.
Operator: This is the operator. Mark, are you still with us?
Mark Millett: Im sorry. Let me repeat. I was on mute. They were keeping me quiet, but no, seriously. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our third quarter '21 earnings call. We appreciate your time today. And as I was saying, the entire Steel Dynamics team delivered another exceptional financial and operating performance, including record sales, operating income, cash flow and adjusted EBITDA. Aided by the market tailwind, it was a tremendous accomplishment, driven by the commitment and passion of our teams executing on our long-term strategies that continue to drive higher through cycle earnings. The team is truly delivering exceptional results and I'm proud to be among them. Due to the steadfast commitment of our teams to one another, our families and our customers, we continue to operate safely amidst COVID. The health and welfare of our teams is paramount, and I thank each of them for being their brothers and sisters keeper. Record financial results are no important if our teams do not remain safe. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages, but our intent will always be to have zero incidents. Since our founding over 25 years ago, Steel Dynamics has been intentional in managing our resources sustainably for the benefit of our teams, communities and our environment. We are steel industry leader in sustainability, operating exclusively with electric arc furnace technology with a differentiated circular manufacturing business model. As our journey continues, we are committed to the reduction of our climate footprint, including a practical and achievable goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. We're starting from a position of strength, yet plan to do more. We're competitively positioned and focused towards generating long-term sustainable growth for our stakeholders. But before I continue, Theresa will share some insights into our recent performance. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the team. We continue to achieve new milestones throughout the business, attaining record third quarter performance with record revenues of $5.1 billion derived from strong product pricing and volumes across all of our operating platforms. Record quarterly operating income of $1.3 billion and net income of $991 million or $4.85 per diluted share and record cash flow from operations of $631 million and adjusted EBITDA of over $1.4 billion, a truly extraordinary performance. Our third quarter 2021 results included costs of $30 million or $0.11 per diluted share associated with the continued construction of our Sinton, Texas flat rolled steel mill. Excluding these costs, third quarter 2021 adjusted net income was $1 billion or $4.96 per diluted share, above our guidance due to stronger than forecast September steel and fabrication earnings. Our third quarter 2021 revenues of $5.1 billion were 14% higher than sequential record second quarter results with improvements in all of our operating platforms, but most significantly from our steel operations based on increased flat rolled steel selling values and strong shipments. Our third quarter 2021 operating income of $1.3 billion was 38% higher than second quarter results, also driven by increased flat rolled steel pricing and continued strong demand, more than offsetting increased raw material ferrous scrap costs. As we discuss our business this morning, we continue to see positive industry fundamentals for the fourth quarter and 2022 and we are focused toward our continued transformational steel growth initiatives. Our steel operations generated record operating income of $1.4 billion in the third quarter, 33% greater than second quarter sequential earnings as flat rolled steel selling values strengthened and our lagging contract business represented over 80% of our flat roll volume in the quarter. We also saw expanded margins throughout our long product steel operations due to improved pricing. We achieved strong quarterly steel shipments of 2.8 million tons, with our steel mills operating at 93% of their capability. We have additional volume opportunity based on our existing annual steel shipping capacity of over 13 million tons. And when our new Texas steel mill is fully online, we will have over 16 million tons available. Our mills recycling business had operating income in the quarter of $47 million, aligned with strong second quarter performance as higher average pricing resulted in improved ferrous margins. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and reducing company-wide working capital requirements. Our steel fabrication operations once again achieved record shipments and significantly expanded margins in the quarter as realized selling values more than offset continued higher steel input costs. Operating income was a record $89 million, more than triple our second quarter earnings of $28 million. Steel joist and deck demand remains very strong as evidenced by continued robust order activity, resulting in another record order backlog at the end of the quarter. Based on our backlog and customer sentiment, we expect steel fabrication earnings to continue to increase even further in the fourth quarter and into 2022. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable cost structure. At the end of the third quarter, we had liquidity of $2.3 billion. During the third quarter of 2021, we generated record cash flow from operations of $631 million and $1.5 billion during the first nine months of the year, also a record. Working capital has grown $1.2 billion in the first nine months of 2021 due to higher selling values, resulting in increased customer account and inventory values. During the first nine months of 2021, we have invested $802 million in capital investments, of which $666 million was invested in our new Texas flat rolled steel mill. For the fourth quarter, we estimate capital investments will be roughly $220 million. Based on early forecast, capital investments for the full year 2022 could be in the range of $700 million inclusive of a significant portion of investment for the four new flat rolled coating lines to be placed in Sinton and Heartland. Regarding shareholder distributions, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend at $0.26 per common share after increasing at 4% in the first quarter of this year. We also repurchased $338 million of our common stock, representing 3% of our outstanding shares. Since 2016, we've increased our cash dividend per share over 85% and we've repurchased almost $2 billion of our common stock, representing 21% of our outstanding shares. While during the same timeframe, we achieved an investment-grade credit rating and maintained our growth company profile by investing over $3 billion in organic capital investments and funding $720 million in acquisitions. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while also dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit rating. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long term value creation. Sustainability is a part of our long term value creation strategy, and we are dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We are committed to operating our business with the highest integrity. Further committing to this path, we recently announced greenhouse gas reduction and renewable energy goals, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. To increase transparency and accountability, we have also set interim milestones for 2025 and 2030. We have led the steel industry with our exclusive use of electric arc furnace steelmaking technology, our circular manufacturing model and innovative solutions to increase its efficiency, reduce raw material usage, reuse secondary materials and promote material conservation and recycling. We plan to sustain our leadership position by executing our climate goals through, among other avenues, implementing emission reduction projects, improving energy management, increasing the use of renewable energy and developing and supporting new innovative technologies. We have an actionable plan that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than what may lay ahead for our traditional blast furnace industry peers. Our sustainability and climate strategy is an ongoing journey and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role moving forward. And for those of you that track more individually our flat rolled shipments, for the third quarter of 2021, we had hot rolled coil and P&O shipments of 676,000 tons, cold rolled shipments of 145,000 tons and finally, coated shipments of 1,037,000 tons. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Well, the steel fabrication platform delivered a tremendous performance, achieving another quarter of record shipments and more than tripling sequential operating income. Based on the strength of steel joist and deck demand, increased product pricing is more than offsetting the continued rise in steel input costs. Quoting and order activity remains extremely strong, resulting in another record order backlog at levels considerably higher than historical peaks. The nonresidential construction market is strong, especially in areas that support online retail, computing activities and pharmaceuticals, specifically represented by construction of distribution and warehouse facilities. We believe this will continue for the foreseeable future due to permanent changes in consumer behavior. Our metals recycling operations had a strong quarter with sequentially higher ferrous metal margins somewhat offsetting marginally lower volume. As we suggested on our second quarter call, prices moderated in August and September after rising throughout the first half of the year. Export prices may support pricing near term but auto recovery will ease prime scrap pressure and compress prime obsolete spreads to more normal levels in the near future, I do believe. The steel team had another outstanding quarter, achieving record operating income of $1.4 billion. During the third quarter, the domestic steel industry operated at a production utilization rate of 85% while our steel mills operated at 93% due to our product diversification, high proportion of value added mix and supply chain differentiation. From a steel end market perspective, the automotive sector is operating at production rates lower than normalized levels due to the continued electronic chip shortage. Fortunately, our specific auto model awards have not been materially affected and we have not yet experienced any significant impact to orders related to the chip shortage. The longer term outlook for the auto industry is positive. Automotive build rate forecast for '22 and '23 continued to be solid at over 15 million and 17 million units respectively. Vehicle inventories continue to be at historically low levels, approximately 70% below the five year average and at the lowest level in over 35 years. The nonresidential construction sector remains strong as evidenced by the strength of shipments and order backlogs at our Structural and Rail and steel fabrication businesses. We expect this strength to continue well into next year. Residential construction has also been strong, resulting in high demand for HVAC, for appliances and other related products. We're also seeing healthy demand from mining on yellow goods customers and our Engineered Bar Products Division. And as oil and gas prices increased, we are seeing improved energy sector demand. These positive market dynamics are driving strong steel demand across the platform. The steady demand, coupled with continued historically low absolute inventory levels throughout the supply chain, continue to support strong steel selling values, especially within the flat rolled steel market. We also believe current legislative steel trade policies, including the Section 201 flat roll cases launched in 2015 and 2016 with the subsequent circumvention restrictions will continue to keep steel imports at moderated levels. The current US administration has also committed constructively concerning trade parameters and the issues created by China's steel making overcapacity. Regarding the ongoing negotiations between the US and the EU on revoking 232 tariffs, we expect the final agreement will include a steel quota mechanism to protect US national security goals and eliminate import surge risks. Aside from Turkey, Europe has not been a significant steel input source. We strongly believe that collaborating with our European allies against the real perpetrators of global overcapacity in the steel industry, represented by China and other Asian export based economies, is the most effective path to free trade. Steel Dynamics is a dynamic growth company, increasing through cycle earnings and cash flow to support continuous value creation. The most significant growth initiative to date is at the cusp of unleashing transformational change for us and our customers. It's our new Texas electric arc furnace steel mill starting production before the end of this year. The excitement generated by this project from our teams and customers continues to grow. This investment represents competitively advantaged strategic growth for Steel Dynamics and our teams with associated long term value creation for all our stakeholders. This growth initiative represents lower carbon emitting next generation electric arc furnace steel production capability, providing differentiated products and supply chain solutions for existing and for new customers. 3 million ton state of the art facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of any existing electric arc furnace flat rolled steel producer, competing even more effectively with higher carbon emitting integrated steel facilities and high carbon foreign competition. It provides us with a more diverse steel product portfolio and [benefits] our customers with an even broader climate conscious supply option. The team shipped their first painted coils in September. We anticipate shipping galvanized products early in November and commencing hot-rolled coil production before the end of the year. The Sinton team is doing a terrific job. It is truly a transformational project and we are on the verge of seeing the significant benefits it will bring to our company, our teams, our customers and our other stakeholders. Vitana Sinton provides a strategic location near Corpus Christi with underserved regional commercial markets representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat rolled steel consumption in the US and Mexico. Our customers are excited to have freight advantaged regional flat roll supplier. We have six customers committed to locate on site, representing 1.8 million tons of annual processing and consumption capability, five of these customers have already broken ground. Based on this geographic location, we can offer shorter delivery lead times, providing a superior customer supply chain solution. We will also effectively compete with steel imports arriving in Houston and the West Coast, benefiting consumers in these areas with lower logistics costs while removing the ocean transit price, quality and delivery risks. We've also made considerable progress concerning our raw material procurement strategy for Sinton. We completed the acquisition of a Mexican metals recycling company in August 2020, a critical step. The recycling operations are strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. We also recently acquired three strategic recycling locations in the Houston and Corpus Christi area, further supporting raw material supply for Sinton. Our performance-based operating culture, coupled with a considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel assets, positions us incredibly well to successfully execute this transformational growth. As I've said before, we're not simply adding flat rolled steel production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and offer sustainable alternative to imports in a region in need of options. We also plan to construct four additional value-added flat-rolled coating lines, comprised of two new paint lines and two new galvanizing lines with Galvalume coating capability. Our unique value-added coating supply chain strategy has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at or near full capacity. Our existing customers are anxiously awaiting the volume from these new lines. The galvanizing line and prepaint line will be located on site to benefit our new Sinton steel mill, while the other two lines will be placed at our Heartland Flat Roll division located in Terrault, Indiana. Each site will thus increase coating capacity by 540,000 tons to further support our regional flat-rolled steel operations, providing them with more value-added product diversification to serve our customers' needs. We expect these lines will begin operating in mid-2023. New Process steel has been a significant customer for these value-added products. In fact, they have grown to be our single largest flat-rolled steel customer in recent years. And importantly, the majority of their business relates to high-margin coated flat-rolled products, which are further manufactured for HVAC, appliance store and automotive applications. Our plans to purchase a 45% minority interest in new process provides us security and supply in these OEM customers. More importantly, the partnership provides Steel Dynamics more exposure to nonautomotive value-added manufacturing in Mexico, a key strategic objective to develop additional downstream pull-through volume, which will help support our new Sinton steel mill. As the majority owner and operator, New Process' CEO, Richard and his management team, will continue to control day-to-day operations, including all decisions concerning steel purchases and product sales. In closing, our culture and the execution of our long-term growth strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. We are a growth company. The team will continue to identify and execute high-return, organic and transactional growth opportunities while providing attractive shareholder returns. Our people and the spirit of excellence provide the foundation for our success and I thank each of you for your passion and dedication to each other, our customers and our communities. And to our teams, remember that your health and safety are the most important issue at hand, and thank you for the exceptional job you do. So everyone, thank you for joining us today. And Kate, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Sathish Kasinathan at Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Sathish Kasinathan: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Mark and Theresa. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on growth strategy. In the last call, you mentioned that you don't see any Sinton type greenfield projects on your horizon. Since then, we have seen a couple of new greenfield projects announced by your peers, a few more acquisitions on the raw material side. So just curious on what's your latest thinking regarding organic growth and M&A?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. So Satish, I'm not sure that our strategy has necessarily changed because of recent announcements from competitors, I would say that. We're very focused on high-margin organic investments where we can be differentiated through value add or a supply chain or both solution. And so that's what the four coating lines provide from the flat roll side of the business. From an acquisition perspective, we're still very focused and we believe there's a lot of options available now and likely into next year as it relates to both mainly high-end manufacturing businesses that help us with our pull-through volume for our steel mills as well as there might possibly be some tuck-in scrap acquisitions as it relates to building out areas around our steel mills from a strategic perspective and the geographic supply of scrap as well as potentially their steel assets as well, but we're very busy from a growth perspective. Mark, do you have anything to add?
Mark Millett: Not really. I think that our strategic path as demonstrated over the years and continues to demonstrate that we always grow in a differentiated way. And so the new projects that are coming online, the changes in the scrap market don't change that outlook.
Sathish Kasinathan: Okay. Yes, thanks for the additional color. And my second question is on Sinton. Can you talk about the ramp-up profile in detail? It seems you have trimmed your volume guidance for 2022 by 200,000 tons. When do you expect Sinton to achieve full run rate? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. We did, Sathish, based on the delay in the start-up, which Mark can talk about, they're still doing incredibly well given the circumstances. But we decided that we would probably pull back our estimate from 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons next year to the 2 million to 2.2 million tons. So it's not a huge reduction, but it's a reduction taking into consideration the ramp will start a little bit later in 2021 than we expected. But Mark, maybe you can give some details on when Sinton will be fully operational.
Mark Millett: Yes, the actual trajectory of the ramp remains unchanged. It's just the starting point has been delayed a little bit. I would emphasize and echo Theresa, the team continues to do an absolutely phenomenal job in bringing such a huge scale project online. We have had a couple of issues just recently that has delayed it into late November, early December. We have a crane delivery issue that slipped just literally last week by a couple of weeks. The recent COVID wave in Texas impacted the number of contractors available on site each day. And to be honest, as areas have opened up just recently on the electrical side, we've had a tough time getting night shift electricians on board to complete it in mid-November. So it has slid here another two or three weeks. We're still confident for an end of year start-up. The paint line has been running, running quality product that shipped coil in September. We expect the galvanizing line to -- it's up going through final commissioning, and should be shipping coils here early November.
Theresa Wagler: And Sathish, to answer your last question, we would expect that they would be at a full run rate likely by midyear 2022.
Sathish Kasinathan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. Our next question today is coming from Martin Englert at Seaport Research Partners. Your line is live.
Martin Englert: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Martin Englert: Do you expect the lag in flat-rolled contracts will remain around 80% of your flat order book into 4Q and then moving into next year? And then maybe if you can also touch on the contract dynamics, specifically the potential elimination of discounts on the lagging contracts for next year.
Mark Millett: We'll likely finish the year ahead around a bit on flat roll, around about 80% -- 75%, 80% on the contract side. As Sinton picks up steam next year that would probably slide to around about 70% of the flat roll base. Relative to sort of terms of contracts, obviously, those are discussions that are ongoing. We have finalized a few and contract terms are somewhat advantaged over previous past periods. Principally on the range, the volume ranges are contracting, so that we have a greater control of the order book as the market fluctuates.
Martin Englert: Okay. Thanks for that color there. And some of this you touched on in your prepared remarks, but can you kind of discuss your metallic strategy, if that's changing heading into next year, specifically, there's three flat-rolled EAF mills that are ramping capacity near-term, all of which are going to require prime scrap and/or substitutes. And do you feel that there is ample North American supply of primes or will more imports of substitutes be required or some other strategy?
Mark Millett: Well, I've been in the business for 40 years now. And every year, people are worried about whether you can get scrap next year as the EAF industry is continue to grow. And today, the EAF industry is around about 70%, growing to 75% or thereabouts. I do believe some of the recent alternative iron units, almost 1.8 million tons or whatever from Cleveland-Cliffs certainly helps. And I would imagine that over time, we'll see more investment in those products going forward. I think you're also going to see a reduction of prime scrap required by the electric arc furnace community. We've been very successful over the last  well, since last March, reducing our prime scrap, our busheling and bundle requirements from 60% of the mix down to 40% of the mix through better processing at our scrap facilities. So that will certainly ease the - any volume demand there. So we think it will grow or the scrap volume, which is grow in lockstep with increased capacity. It may take a few more dollars to draw out the obsolete grades, that's historically been very elastic. And as you saw recently with the higher pricing, obsolete grades flowed very, very well.
Martin Englert: What specifically changed with your scrap processing that dropped it from 60% to 40% of primes?
Mark Millett: Well, I'd be giving away trade secrets, if I told you the detail there, but obviously, just better separating techniques.
Martin Englert: Okay, appreciate the color there. And congratulations on the results and the positive outlook.
Mark Millett: Super, thank you very much. Team did a great job.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Emily Chieng at Goldman Sachs.
Emily Chieng: My first question is around capital allocation. I believe in the past, you've mentioned that you'd be looking at increasing the dividend once Sinton comes online. Can you perhaps give us a sense of the magnitude of that bump and perhaps when we should be expecting that to take place?
Theresa Wagler: Well, from a magnitude perspective, that's difficult, Emma, and I appreciate the question, but that's a board decision. I would tell you, if you looked at history, when we've had transformational growth that we believed provided sustainable through-cycle cash flow increase, such as when we purchased the Columbus Flat Roll division and we were finished transforming that early in the kind of 2016 time frame, you would have seen several 20% increases in our dividend profile at that point in time. I don't think that that is unreasonable at all. As far as the timing, I would fully expect to see something happen in the early part of 2022. But again, that's a board decision and so I guess more to come on that.
Emily Chieng: And then a follow-up just around sort of the acquisition there. Can you perhaps talk around the rationale around the acquisition of 45% minority ownership of New Process steel rather than perhaps a full 100% ownership there? I'll leave it at that.
Mark Millett: Again, as we mentioned, New Process has grown to be our largest customer. It has a particular concentration of value-add prepaint to OEM customers and we wanted to ensure security in that supply chain going forward. But as importantly, if not more importantly, they have a strong focus on downstream manufacturing, particularly in Mexico. And that is aligned with our strategic desires and objectives to increase pull-through volume. And so that would add support to our Sinton facility.
Theresa Wagler: The minority position really, Emma, allows that management team and Richard Fant to continue to run the business, basically unchanged. And that's something that was attractive to us at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Michael Glick at JPMorgan.
Michael Glick: Costs are obviously top of mind for the market right now. You've already hit on scrap. But could you talk a bit about what you're seeing on the cost side outside of scrap, including energy and raw materials and any supply chain issues you're monitoring or working to mitigate?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the energy pricing here has risen to some degree. But again, natural gas cost is a very, very small percentage of our overall cost structure. On the raw material side, probably ferrosilicon is the only item that we're actually watching and taking steps to ensure a secure supply there.
Theresa Wagler: Actually, throughout the supply chain, especially on the steel side but in the other operating platforms as well with the supply disruptions that everyone is experiencing across any industry at this point in time, whether it relates to logistics or just lack of supply chain stability, we actually have been doing a very deep dive into looking at the relationships we have with suppliers and to have redundancy in suppliers, et cetera. That's something that we do regularly but we're refocused on it as well. And at this point in time, we feel very good about, I'll call them, consumables, the supply of consumables. Obviously, natural gas is very highly priced and going into the winter months, I think a lot of people are expecting that natural gas might continue to rise. Obviously, it is in rest of the world but possibly in the US as well. But that means that, as Mark mentioned, being 100% electric arc furnace is only a couple of percentages of our cost profile. So we're feeling pretty good heading into 2022 at this point.
Michael Glick: And then on the fabrication business, I mean, you talked about the record backlog and pricing. But curious what sort of order of magnitude you're seeing in pricing versus what you posted this quarter just given the lead times associated with that business. And really just trying to get a handle on the staying power of the earnings in that segment.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess the stain power or the health of that industry is, in my mind, phenomenal. Number one, as said in my earlier remarks, there certainly has been a permanent change in consumer sort of mindset. And so the online retail purchasing is just driving massive distribution warehouse type construction, cloud computing activity likewise. And we're seeing projects and honestly being pushed out 10 months. Our backlog is even longer than 10 months. And you might say people are concerned about the labor shortage and those sorts of things, but in a strange way, that's actually helping extend this whole economic cycle and pushing those projects out. So we are very, very, very bullish in that arena for 2022.
Theresa Wagler: You asked the question about how much further pricing could move. So we can't give you specifics but it's a meaningful increase, because as they have the backlog that Mark mentioned that's almost a year out, you already have that product pricing substantiated. And so that's why in my opening remarks people may not have picked it up, but I may mention the fact that we do expect to have increased fabrication earnings in the fourth quarter as well as into 2022 and that's based off of the record comparison of the third quarter. So there's substantial earnings uplift that we're expecting from the steel fabrication segment.
Mark Millett: And I would just add -- I think I saw one comment this morning, but maybe there was a change in tone of our press release. I would just want to emphasize that we're as bullish, if not more bullish for the fourth quarter and going into next year as we ever have been.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Carlos De Alba at Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: So I wonder if you could comment or elaborate a little bit more on your growth strategy. And how would you either rank or prioritize potentially investments in additional capacity above and beyond potentially further investments are sized the quarter lines that you have already announced and the scrap processors and locations that you have acquired recently. Is it another greenfield, something that you would prioritize over more targeted acquisitions and/or further downstream investments?
Mark Millett: We had a tough time understanding the whole question there. So if I don't answer it, just come back and hit me again. But on the recycling side, I think you were suggesting or asking whether or not we have major plans in transactions or growing that business. I would say, again, we've said this in the past, we're not interested in growing our recycling platform for the sake of just growth. We will continue to identify regional assets that complement our steel mills, such as we did in the Southwest about purchasing those three yards and then also the Zimmer acquisition in Mexico. But there's not a wholesale change in our recycling strategy whatsoever. We will continue
Carlos De Alba: And what about further investments after Sinton including steel capacity?
Theresa Wagler: So what Carlos is asking is after Sinton is complete and after we have the four value-added lines that are processing, what greenfield might come after that?
Mark Millett: Well, I do believe we will continue to focus on value-add opportunities downstream, more so in processing. The greenfield project of Sinton was a very unique opportunity, at least in my eyes. It was a combination of differentiating ourselves relative to product, bringing new supply chain solutions to our customer base and having a very, very unique sort of geographic location to serve those customers. We wouldn't build another greenfield facility unless it had truly differentiating characteristics. And it's difficult to see that, that will avail itself in the US today. And then the other sort of strategic path we've continued to chase is downstream sort of fabrication, manufacturing and we would be looking to do that both in the U.S. and in Mexico.
Carlos De Alba: And Theresa, if I may ask you, how do you see working capital in the fourth quarter? Clearly, prices are still very high, raw materials are increasing your [forecast] for the fourth quarter for another record result. So is it fair to assume mostly higher working capital levels. But do you have a sense of the magnitude of how much cash that would consume in the last quarter of the year?
Theresa Wagler: There's a few things happening at the same time in the fourth quarter. So we will have higher average steel selling values simply because of the carryover in the lagging contract business that we mentioned from the Flat Roll Group. And in addition to that, we'll be ramping up Sinton. And so we'll be putting additional working capital both through steel substrate and through scrap on the ground as they begin to produce. So I would expect to see a continued use of cash in working capital. I don't expect it to be close to the same magnitude that we saw in the third quarter. We also in the third quarter had some building at Sinton as well. So I would expect maybe a couple of hundred million dollar build but nothing beyond that. Again, it's a very difficult thing to monitor when prices continue to rise but I think that's probably a good estimate at this point.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from David Gagliano at BMO.
David Gagliano: I just have actually a few numbers related questions. I think in the Q&A last quarter, you indicated preliminary 2022 CapEx of $550 million to $600 million. And I thought I heard you say on this call earlier that you ex CapEx to be $750 million for 2022. And I also noticed that the rolling mill start-up looks like it's been pushed out to 2023 versus what I thought was mid-2022 previously. So my first questions are A, what is the driver for the higher 2022 CapEx, if that's correct and B, what is the driver for pushing the rolling mill start-ups to mid-2023 versus 2022 previously?
Theresa Wagler: So to address your last question first, if you're speaking about the rolling mill, David, are you talking about the Sinton rolling mill?
David Gagliano: I thought effectively, there was commentary back in April, I think it was. And then again, in the last quarter that that just in general, the four rolling mills would be starting up by mid-2022. Perhaps I got that wrong.
Theresa Wagler: The value-added lines, no. So the value-add lines we had hoped to be in the second half of 2022. But given the engineering of the lines and just the delivery of equipment at this point in time, it's pushing us back to now, we think those lines will be operational in the first half of 2023. So you're correct, that is a change but that has to do with the engineering and the equipment delivery time line. As it relates to capital spending for 2022, you're correct. On the last quarter call, we would have given something closer to the $600 million range, but that's prior to us doing the deep dive that we do every fall into capital projects. And as you'll remember, there's so much of all of our team members' compensation at risk to performance and high return investments, they always put together to wish list of very good investment opportunities that would result in higher compensation for them if they have high returns. So we went through that process. And at this point in time, that's added probably about $100 million to the capital that we expect to spend next year and that would be projects that we believe will have a very good return profile to it. Some of them will start next year. Some of them will just have the money spent and then kind of roll into 2023. But there's no one significant project that's adding to that. Most of that $700 million is actually tied to the four value-added flat roll lines.
David Gagliano: The four value-added flat roll lines that were pushed to 2023, and I apologize I called rolling mill, I apologize. You're right. Before value-add flat-rolled lines that were pushed, I think to 2023, but then there's other projects in there that raised the total from $550 million to $600 million to $750 million. So $150 million to $200 million higher versus last quarter on some other projects. Is that right?
Theresa Wagler: So they're high return projects and there are spreads throughout fabrication, the steel mills, we're adding some inspection lines likely down at our SBQ facility. So there's just a lot of individual projects like that, David, that aren't significant individually. But as they added together, it's a higher number.
David Gagliano: And then just one other one for me. Operationally, shipments overall were down 5% in the third quarter. Obviously, production was great. Shipments were down 5% in the third quarter on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Can you just talk about what was the main driver for the quarter-over-quarter decline? And what's a reasonable assumption for shipments in terms of quarter-over-quarter change in the typically seasonally weak fourth quarter?
Mark Millett: I don't think we typically will project future shipments. But you're right, shipments in the third quarter were off a little. We build inventory and principally as amount of transportation, just getting rail and trucks to move that material. We would expect, for sure, though, to move that in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Curt Woodworth at Credit Suisse.
Curt Woodworth: Mark, I wanted to get your thoughts on some of the different demand verticals. Obviously, we're hearing a lot of issues with respect to the supply chain chip shortages in auto, very long lead times in appliance, HVAC. And you kind of made the point that you felt the labor shortages, to some degree, we're actually bullish for fabrication just because it's kind of elongating maybe the pace at which these projects are going to get completed. So the market, it seems like it softened a little bit here with lead times coming in. There could be some seasonality. So I was just wondering if you could maybe briefly walk us through what you're seeing on some of your key demand verticals.
Mark Millett: And again, we are bullish, especially, we're not bullish across all our sectors. As you said and as I said, construction, that cycle has been extended, I do believe, incredibly healthy. And in part because those projects are just getting pushed out because of a shortage of labor and with the contractors and the builders I talked to across the country that they're all experiencing the same thing and they're all seeing long-term strength. So that's on the nonres construction side, we think it's very, very, very strong. In a way, in the automotive arena, you've seen a similar thing except it's the chip shortage that is slowing things down and we'll, in my humble opinion, extend that cycle dramatically. COVID itself cost us about 4.5 million units, and that has to get caught up. The pent-up demand out there, if you listen to the dealers is absolutely phenomenal. I was just -- to one deal last week, typically would have 1,600 vehicles in inventory right now, and you can only manage to get 100. And that experience is being shared with other dealers across the country. And the desire, the pent-up demand is absolutely there. And so that will maintain strength in the automotive arena. And in my humble opinion, when the chip shortage relieves itself, all they're going to do is just ramp up and maximize the output for the next couple of years because there's that much demand out there in my mind. And then across other areas, residential was strong, HVAC appliance is strong. We're seeing a little more strength in the energy sector, more downhole kind of with the drilling rig as opposed to distribution pipe, that's still soft and it'll be soft for another year probably. Yellow goods is pretty strong. And just Engineering Bar, in general. Their customer base is expecting a 20% increase year-over-year. So that tends to give us some positive support too. So it's just generally a very, very, very strong demand scenario.
Curt Woodworth: And then a quick follow-up. With respect to the buyback, when you look at the free cash flow profile and the balance sheet, I mean, you have very significant capability to continue to buy back stock here and your stock, at least on my numbers trading at the cheapest level I think it's ever traded. So just curious to kind of get your thoughts on maybe how you see the buyback going forward, will be opportunistic or more steady? And I'll leave it there.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we feel very good about the capital structure and the foundation that the teams have been able to put into place. And so you've seen us be, we think, very active with the buyback program in the second quarter with very similar activity in the third quarter. I think one should expect to see us continue to have a very steady pace unless we were to come up onto a time frame where we believe that there might be a better use for those funds through strategic growth of either organic or inorganic opportunities. So at this point in time, we believe we will be very active in the buyback program.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Andreas Bokkenheuser at UBS.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Just a quick follow-up on the auto demand. So your auto volumes or steel volumes are pretty solid. Obviously, chip shortage is weighing on production. There's been some talk about the EAFs in the US capturing market share from [integrated]. Is that partly what's happening here? Are you seeing yourself capturing auto steel market share here from the integrators at this point in time?
Mark Millett: Well, we've over the last couple of years, have steadily grown market share, particularly out of our Columbus facility. Butler has always been around 28%, 30% automotive. Columbus, when we purchased it in 2015, had just incremental amount and that's grown to probably 300,000, 400,000 tons today. And I think we've got some unique products that bring value to the automotive supply chain. But probably as importantly today is the sustainability story, particularly with the European auto maintenance. We've had a lot of traction with BMW, with VW, with Mercedes, in particular. And they view our sustainability model and our carbon footprint as being among the best in the world. And so that has sort of earned considerable business. And we're also benefiting and honestly from the USMCA. That increase in domestic content from 50% to 70% has necessitated those European manufacturers to source internal to the US, and that's driven a lot of our success as well.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: And maybe as a follow-up, I mean, obviously, the auto contract negotiations going on. I'm not going to ask about pricing, but just in terms of timing. I mean, to what extent are you involved in all of this and when do you usually see these things ramping up?
Mark Millett: Typically or historically, automotive was the purview of the bastion of the integrated mills because they necessitate or mandated sort of an annual fixed price contract scenario. And with the variability in the scrap markets or the volatility of scrap markets, it's something the electric arc furnace producer can stand. But given the volatility in 2015 and 2016 in pricing, the automotive folks saw that they left a lot of money on the table. And so they hedge between integrated and electric-arc-furnace supply chains today. The propensity of the automotive contract negotiations in the fall with the integrated producers not necessarily the electric arc furnace producers.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Tristan Gresser at Exane BNP Paribas.
Tristan Gresser: And maybe following up on the previous one, you obviously have near term targets to cut your emissions, carbon emission and some peers in Europe have tied their decarbonization savings to create new commercial offering of low carbon steel products that sell premium with good demand from companies to keep looking to cut their Scope 3 emission. Is that also something you would consider? And do you see a similar market emerging for low carbon steel products in the US?
Mark Millett: Well, you've seen just recently folks pursuing that direction. I would say for SDI to date, we've been the beneficiary of, again, capturing greater market share and haven't necessarily leveraged that to higher pricing as of this moment in time. I would imagine, though, over time, you could see a differentiation there.
Tristan Gresser: And maybe just one question on market conditions and the pricing outlook. You have imports surging in the US, inventories building and of course, this new capacity is going to ramp up. The forward curve in US HRC is around 1,300 by March next year. I think in previous call, you were a bit more probably bullish on the near term. Has anything changed to your view in the supply and demand dynamics at the moment that could warrant this drop in steel prices?
Mark Millett: Well, there's absolutely no doubt that demand is there. I wouldn't necessarily characterize the imports as surging necessarily. Certainly, Galvalume, prepaint Galvalume is very, very strong, I'll give you that. But today, we saw some offers from Vietnam for April, May delivery. So the way, way, way out at around $1,500. So I would imagine pricing will turn over to some degree or I use the word erode, but it's not going to be a massive reduction. The market cynics out there that are suggesting that average pricing for the year is $740 a ton or $750. I just can't see that happening with the demand picture the way it is today.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Timna Tanners at Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: I just wanted to follow up on new process. I'll just ask one question with two parts, if I could. New Process is a big -- I guess, a bit of a deviation. It's acquiring one of your customers or at least partly. And I know in the past, there's been some trepidation over that, partly because you kind of compete with your other customers. So I just wanted your thoughts on that. And on the one hand, if you're concerned about the message it sends to other customers. And second, I wanted to ask if this is a new opportunity for Steel Dynamics to continue to move downstream into kind of more of the processing going forward with further capital allocation in that regard?
Mark Millett: Well, I'd want to emphasize that I wouldn't necessarily look at the acquisition as a change in strategy for us. We certainly don't want to get into the service center business per se. We would be probably lousy in the service center business, to be honest. As I said earlier, there are two principal objectives. One, New Process grew to a very large customer in the value-add prepaint sort of supply chain and just wanted to secure that supply chain or that outlet to OEMs way into the future. And then secondly, we were looking for sort of a platform of growth for manufacturing, downstream manufacturing and that aligns -- New Process aligns well with that strategy, particularly in Mexico.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Andrew Keches at Barclays.
Andrew Keches: Just one to put a finer point on the capital allocation priorities here. But Theresa, you've gradually been refinancing the old [Technical Difficulty] bonds and you have one left that's callable here in the fourth quarter. Should we expect that refinancing trend to continue or I guess, considering the outlook for cash flow, is there any consideration to possibly just paying that down to get yourselves to an even stronger balance position going forward?
Theresa Wagler: So it's a great question. You're right that it's a $400 million tranche and it has, I think, a 5% rate attached to it. The investment grade market has been very supportive of Steel Dynamics and we're very excited to be in that market today. So we are very comfortable, I guess, the first point with the debt structure that we have. We really manage to a through-cycle basis at a leverage of 2 times or less. So obviously, we're much less than that today but we're managing to through cycles. I can't give you specifics because I would get in trouble if I did but there is an opportunity to either repay or refinance and we'll be making that decision here in the near term.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Kate. And I just would like to emphasize to everyone on the call, our customers, our service providers and particularly our team, thank you for your support. It was an absolutely phenomenal quarter. We're going to see another one in the fourth quarter and it's only driven by, again, each and every one of you is supporting our company, Steel Dynamics. We will endeavor to continue our growth trajectory going forward and creating even greater shareholder value and well. So thank you, and everyone out there, be safe.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, July 20, 2021, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lipschitz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lipschitz: Thank you, Daryl. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, maybe forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by, believe, expect, anticipate, or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings, Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You'll also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record Second Quarter 2021 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, David, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter '21 earnings call. We appreciate your time and thank you for joining us today. The entire Steel Dynamics team delivered yet another phenomenal performance filled [ph] with operating and financial records, including record sales, operating income, cash flow, and adjusted EBITDA, a tremendous performance driven by the dedication and passion of our teams executing on our long-term strategies that will continue to drive higher through cycle earnings. The team is delivering exceptional results and I'm very proud to be among them. Due to the continued commitment of our teams to one another, our families, and our customers, we continue to operate safely amidst COVID. The health and welfare of our teams is paramount and I thank each of them for their continued commitment to safety. Record financial results are a little important unless everyone goes home safely at the end of each day. The number of injuries and associated severity improved in the first half of '21 compared to last year. The teams have focused on reducing hazards and practices that could result in significant injury. Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our people, it is our number one value. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages, but our intent will always be to have zero incidents. To achieve this, we must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our fellow team members, keeping safety top of mind in order to take control of safety. Our commitment to all aspects of sustainability is embedded in our founding principles woven into the fabric of our Company, valuing the health and safety of our teams, partnering with our customers, supporting our communities, and minimizing our environmental footprint. An extension of this commitment is evidenced in our recent announcement concerning goals for greenhouse gas emissions reduction, and renewable energy milestones, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon-neutral by 2050. We've been a leader in the area of sustainability for more than 25 years and we plan to stay right in that position. We are starting from a place of strength with already industry-low Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions, yet, we plan to do more. As we progress on this strategic path, we will plan to share our outcomes with you. But now, Theresa will share insights into our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, everyone. I'd like to add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to our entire Steel Dynamics team. As Mark said, we achieved numerous milestones, attained record second quarter performance with record revenues of $4.5 billion derived from record quarterly steel shipments, record fabrication shipments, and strong product pricing across all of our operating platforms. We achieved record quarterly operating income of $956 million and net income of $702 million, or $3.32 per diluted share and record cash flow from operations of $587 million, with record quarterly adjusted EBITDA of over $1 billion, a truly extraordinary performance. Our second quarter 2021 results included costs of approximately $23 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, associated with the construction of our Sinton, Texas flat rolled steel mill. Excluding these costs, second quarter 2021 adjusted net income was $719 million, or $3.40 per diluted share. Our second quarter revenues of $4.5 billion were 26% higher than sequential first quarter results with growth from all of our operating platforms, but most significantly from our steel operations based on record shipments and continued strong flat rolled steel selling values. Our second quarter 2021 operating income was $956 million, 61% higher than the first quarter results also driven by strong flat rolled steel pricing and robust demand more than offsetting increased scrap costs. As we discuss our business this morning, we continue to see positive industry fundamentals for 2021 and 2022, and we're confident in our forthcoming unique earnings catalysts. Our steel operations generated over $1 billion of operating income in the second quarter, 59% greater than first quarter sequential earnings as flat roll steel selling values continued to strengthen. We also saw expanded margins throughout our long product steel operations due to improved pricing and volume. We achieved record quarterly steel shipments of 2.9 million tons and our steel mills operated at 91% of their capability. We still have additional steel-market opportunity based on our existing annual steel shipping capability of over 13 million tons and when our new Texas steel mill is fully online, we will have over 6 million tons of availability. Operating income from our metals recycling operations with $51 million aligned with strong first quarter performance as domestic steel production improved further supporting ferrous scrap demand and pricing. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our circular manufacturing operating model, benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher-quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency, and by reducing Company-wide working capital requirements. Our fabrication operations once again achieved record shipments and expanded margins in the quarter as realized selling values more than offset continued higher steel input costs. Operating income was $28 million versus first quarter earnings of $10 million. Steel joists and deck demand remains very strong, as evidenced by our record customer order backlog and continued robust order activity. We expect steel fabrication earnings to continue to increase through the remainder of the year. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable-cost structure. At the end of the second quarter, we had liquidity of $2.3 billion comprised of cash of $1.1 billion, and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. During the second quarter of 2021, we generated record cash flow from operations of $587 million and $849 million during the first six months of the year, also a record. Working capital grew over $700 million in the first half of 2021 due to higher prices resulting in increased customer count and inventory values. During the first half of 2021, we've invested $587 million in capital investments, of which $489 million was invested in our new Texas flat roll steel mill. For the second half of 2021, we estimate capital investments will be roughly between $350 million and $400 million, of which, the Texas steel mill represents an estimated $300 million. Regarding shareholder distributions, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend at $0.26 per common share after increasing it 4% in the first quarter of this year. We also repurchased $393 million of our common stock representing 3% of outstanding shares. In July, we announced the Board's approval of an additional $1 billion share repurchase authorization demonstrating our confidence in Steel Dynamics' future cash flow generation. Since 2016, we've increased our cash dividend per share over 85% and we've repurchased over $1.6 billion of common stock representing 19% of our outstanding shares, while during the same timeframe we achieved an investment grade credit rating and maintained our growth Company profile by investing $2.8 billion in organic capital investments and funding $720 million in acquisitions. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation and consistently strong cash flow generation capability and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base-positive dividend that's complemented with a variable share-repurchase program. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Sustainability is a part of our long-term value creation strategy and we are dedicated to our people, our communities, and our environment. We are committed to operating our business with the highest integrity and have been since our founding. Further committing to this path, we recently announced greenhouse gas reduction and renewable energy goals, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon-neutral by 2050. To increase transparency, we have set interim milestones for 2025 and 2030. As Mark said, we've led the steel industry with our exclusive use of EAF technology, circular manufacturing model, and innovative solutions to increase efficiencies, reduce raw material usage, reuse secondary materials, and promote material conservation and recycling. We plan to sustain our leadership position by executing our sustainability goals through among other avenues, implementing emission reduction projects, improving energy management, increasing the use of renewable energy, and developing and supporting new innovative technologies. We have an actionable path that is more manageable and we believe considerably less expensive than what may lay ahead for the traditional blast furnace industry. Our sustainability and environmental impact strategy is an ongoing journey and we are moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role in developing innovative ways to reduce our impact on the environment. Additionally, for those that track our individual flat roll steel shipments, in the second quarter, our hot roll and our P&O sales -- or shipments, excuse me, were 719,000 tons. Our cold-rolled shipments were 150,000 tons and our coated shipments were 1,055,000 tons. With that, Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. I would just add a little more color to each operating platform. The steel-fabrication platform delivered a strong performance again, achieving record quarterly shipments and almost tripling sequential operating income. Based on the strength of steel joists and decking demand, increased product pricing is more than offsetting the continued rise in steel input costs. Order activity continues to be extremely strong. We again ended the quarter with a record fabrication order backlog at levels considerably higher than historical peaks. The non-residential construction market is strong, especially in areas that support online, retail, computing activities, and pharmaceuticals, specifically represented by construction of distribution and warehouse facilities. We believe this dynamic will continue for the next several years as we see long-lasting changes in consumer behavior. As we mentioned last quarter, we've hired additional people and expanding operating hours at our several steel and fabrication locations in order to meet increased customer demand. These changes should increase annual production capability by well over 100,000 tons. Our metals recycling operations had an extremely strong quarter with quarterly operating income of $51 million. Strong ferrous demand and increased pricing related to higher domestic steel production drove strong performance. Prime scrap index pricing average increased $60 to $70 per gross ton during the quarter. Prime scrap generation has been solid based on strong North American manufacturing. We expect US scrap generation and alternative iron unit production to keep pace with the increased demand from steel-making in the coming years. Additionally, we believe China's scrap reservoir will grow considerably over the next three to five years, offsetting their expanding EAF capability, while providing additional global raw material supply. We believe metallics pricing in general has peaked and scrap will remain flat in the coming quarter. The steel team had an outstanding quarter, continuing to achieve numerous operating and financial records, including record shipments of 2.9 million tons and record operating income of over $1 billion. While the domestic steel industry operated at the utilization rate of 81%, our steel mills operated at 91% during the second quarter, slightly lower than our first quarter rate of 93%. In June, we experienced the burn-through in one of our furnaces at our Columbus flat-roll steel mill. Importantly, no one on the team was injured. The resulting outage though lasted about 10 days impacting second quarter production and shipments by about 60,000 tons and 30,000 tons, respectively. Columbus is now again fully operational. Steel demand is strong across our entire steel platform. Our long product steel operations achieved increased shipments at all of their locations with the structural and rail division achieving record quarterly volume. The flat-roll steel markets remain especially tight. Strong demand, coupled with extremely low customer inventory levels across the supply chain continue to support flat-roll steel prices above historical peaks. Customers are placing orders for immediate demand requirements and have not had the ability to rebuild inventory. Additionally, the speculative risk associated with the accumulation of higher-priced inventory is also a significant deterrent to procuring imports. We believe current legislated steel trade policies, such as the Section 201 cases imposed in 2015, 2016, and subsequent anti-circumvention restrictions, will continue to keep steel imports at moderated levels. The current US administration has also commented constructively concerning trade parameters and the issues created by China's steel making overcapacity. Regarding the ongoing negotiations between the US and the EU on revoking 232 tariffs, we expect the final agreement will include import surge protections to protect US national security goals. Aside from Turkey, Europe has never been a significant import source and we have long thought collaborating with them against China and other Asian export-based economies that are the greatest contributors to global overcapacity is the most effective path to fair trade. From an end-market perspective, the automotive sector is operating at solid production levels due to low inventories coupled with strong consumer demand. Current build rate forecasts for '22 and '23 are at 17 million units, representing a very strong outlook. Auto inventories are 55% below the five-year average and at the lowest supply level in over 35 years. And additionally, at this point, we've been fortunate that our automotive order book has not seen any significant impact from the ongoing electronic chip shortage. The non-residential construction sector remains strong, as evidenced by our record structural and tail division shipments, record steel fabrication shipments, and strong long-product steel order backlogs. We expect this strength to continue through the rest of this year and into next. Residential construction has also been strong resulting in high demand for HVAC, appliances, and other related products. We're also seeing healthy demand from mining and yellow goods customers at our engineered bar products division. And more recently, we're finally seeing some indications of an improved energy sector as global energy prices have improved. We've executed numerous strategic investments across the Company in the last several years and we continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future. We and our customers continue to be extremely excited about our Sinton, Texas electric arc furnace flat roll steel mill investment. It represents transformational, competitively advantaged strategic growth with associated long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. It provides lower carbon-emitting, next-generation EAF steel production capabilities, new products, and new customers. The 3 million ton state-of-the-art facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of existing electric arc furnace flat roll steel producers, competing even more effectively with higher carbon-emitting integrated steel facilities and high-carbon foreign competition. It provides us with broader steel portfolio while providing our customers with an even larger climate-conscious supply option. The electric arc furnace production route is by far the most sustainable, environmentally-friendly supply chain, and the lowest carbon footprint. We are currently hot commissioning the 250,000-ton paint line and we expect the 550,000-ton galvanizing line with Galvalume coating capability to be operational next month. The entire Sinton team is doing a tremendous job, but due to excessive heavy rains experienced in Texas over the last several months, actual steel production at Sinton is not likely to begin until mid-fourth quarter of this year. Theresa shared our views concerning shipments and through cycle earnings capability of this new steel mill. It's is truly a transformational project and we are just at the edge of seeing the tremendous benefits it will bring to us, our teams, our customers, and our stakeholders. The Town of Sinton provides a strategic location near Corpus Christi with regional commercial markets representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat roll steel consumption in the US and Mexico as customers are excited to have freight advantaged regional flat roll steel supplier. We currently have five customers committed to locate on-site representing over 1.5 million tons of annual processing and consumption capability. Based on our location with much shorter lead times, we can provide a superior customer supply chain solution. It also allows us to effectively compete with imports coming into Houston and the West Coast, which inherently have long lead times and speculative price risk. We've also made considerable progress concerning our raw material procurement strategy for Sinton. We completed the acquisition of a Mexican scrap company last August, a critical step. The operations are strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. They have an estimated annual scrap processing capability of almost 2 million gross tons, and we also acquired three smaller scrap locations in the Houston and Corpus Christi area, which we did the last quarter. Our performance-based operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel mills positions us incredibly well to successfully execute this transformational growth. We're not simply adding flat roll steel production capacity, we have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight, and lead time advantage, and offer an import alternative to a region in need of options. We also recently announced plans to add four additional value-add flat roll coating lines comprised of two new paint lines and two new galvanizing lines with Galvalume coating capability. Our preferred supply chain has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at full capacity through both increased consumption and market share gain. Two of the new lines will be in the Southern US region to support Sinton. The other two lines will be in the Midwest and will also be comprised of a new paint line and galvanizing line with a combined annual capacity of 540,000 tons. These lines will support our regional flat roll steel operations, providing them with more value-added product diversification to serve our customer needs. We currently believe these lines will begin operations in the second half of 2022. Our strategy consistently places value-added products and supply chain differentiation on the fore and has benefit us well. In closing, our business model and execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Additionally, our customer focus coupled with market diversification and low-cost operating platforms, support our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance. Our amazing teams and the spirit of excellence are the foundation of that success. I thank each of them for their passion and dedication to one another and remember that your health and safety are always the most important issue at hand. So, thanks to all for you being on the call today. I appreciate your listening and now, Daryl, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Emily Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Emily Chieng: Good morning, Mark and Theresa, and thanks for the update here. My first question is around the four value-add coating lines. I thought last quarter that the expected CapEx for these value-add lines ranged between $400 million and $425 million, but I think you've outlined a budget of $450 million to $500 million today. So would be curious as to what has changed around the scope of the project or the timeline that has may be driven this increase here?
Mark Millett: I think two things as we delved into it, we got a clearer picture, firstly, of the cost structure, but I think more importantly, it's just the expansion of line capability that added a little bit more.
Theresa Wagler: It also is being priced on current steel values and so that appreciates the total project cost as well.
Emily Chieng: That's clear. And maybe just to further this sort of line of questioning around growth, it sounds like you've got a pretty constructive view of the US steel industry, clearly providing some further opportunities for growth in the coming years. What else do you think there could be planned for Steel Dynamics longer-term beyond these four coating lines as it relates to growth within your capital allocation budget? Should it be further organic growth in the downstream, additional capacity, how should we think about how you could be allocating capital here?
Mark Millett: Sure. I think you will see going forward a continued plan to invest downstream and value-added downstream processing. That has been a key part of our strategy to date and will continue to do so. And as one looks across our operating platform on the steel side, we see continued organic growth capability there. I do believe also we have an incredibly strong balance sheet, strong liquidity, our cash flow generation capability continues to improve through cycle and there will be, I think, a good balanced cash allocation strategy. Transactional growth will certainly be part of that. There appears to be a strong pipeline of opportunity in both pull-through manufacturing type operations on the market today along with steel assets.
Emily Chieng: Great. That's helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carlos de Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Carlos de Alba: Thank you very much, everyone. Mark, perhaps for you, you mentioned that you expect metallics prices to have peaked already. Any views on the steel prices given what you said about metallics?
Mark Millett: No, I think, Carlos, we remain incredibly bullish of the market for the rest of this year and into next year. On the demand side, it's just incredibly strong. You have a tight supply side right now. Inventories are at record low levels, I think MSCI data is 1.8 months, incredibly, incredibly low and there is no restocking capability there currently because there's just lack of availability to meet present demand. Mill lead times are stretched. You have -- imports have ticked up a little, but they're still moderated, and in all honestly, despite the large arbitrage availability, near-term availability for imports is still very, very, tight. So I don't see there being any ability for a surge there to take things over the top. And if you look at the second half of this year, there are a myriad of mill outages, both for just regular maintenance outages, but also for installation of new equipment [indiscernible] and those mills as they plan on their future expansion. So there's going to be a lot of steel actually coming offline in the second half, which is going to just tighten the supply/demand balance even more. So, I think for the rest of this year, it's a bullish market for us.
Carlos de Alba: All right. Thanks for that. So, basically, you expect increasing margins perhaps as scrap prices go down and the steel prices remain high. What are the implications maybe there for working capital given that it was -- the cash generation was very solid, but working capital obviously -- for obvious reasons, the consumer -- cash during the first half. Do you continue to see that basically at the same level in terms of days of working capital, maybe accounts receivables and inventories in terms of days of sales and cost at similar levels than what we experienced in the second quarter?
Theresa Wagler: I think we should see that moderating because from the perspective of pricing, Mark's correct, we've had very strong steel pricing and volumes have increased, but now that we're at this level, I don't see there being significant draws for the second half of the year, although, we will be increasing working capital as Sinton ramps up. So Sinton could be as much as $150 million to $200 million of working capital in the next, call it, six to nine months. But I don't think that you're going to see as significant of a draw in working capital in the second half of the year as we experienced in the first half of the year.
Carlos de Alba: All right. Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Sathish Kasinathan with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Sathish Kasinathan: Yes, hi. Good morning, Mark and Theresa. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the steel fabrication segment. The second quarter '21 shipments were at record levels, but if you look at on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the shipments were only up 3% despite the record backlogs and your guidance in April on adding more crews. So just wanted to get a sense of what was there, any weather-related impact in 2Q and how should we look at the shipment progression for the rest of the year?
Mark Millett: Well, as you point out, it did increase albeit incrementally quarter-over-quarter, but the additional folks that we've brought on board, obviously, they've been ramping up and they need to be trained, and you won't see or wouldn't have seen a massive increase second quarter, but you will see that ramping up third and fourth quarter.
Sathish Kasinathan: Okay. Thank you for that. And you mentioned about planned outages at some of your peers. I just wanted to get a sense of if you have any outages planned within your system for the second half of 2021?
Mark Millett: Both, I believe Columbus and Butler will take their normal kind of full-day outages in the third, fourth quarter.
Sathish Kasinathan: Third and fourth quarter, okay. Thank you for that and good luck for the next quarter.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Gagliano: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the capital allocation side of it, first of all, historically, the mix over the last five years has been kind of 65, 35 between growth versus shareholder returns. Should we expect that mix to change meaningfully in the out years? And a related question, I noticed long product utilization rates are now creeping up close to 90%, which is pretty amazing, and I'm just wondering if you can speak to, as you think about capital allocation plans, are you interested in expanding in your long-products capacity given the utilization rates at this point and the positive outlook? And if so, would that more likely be organic or inorganic opportunities? That's my first question. Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Dave. From a shareholder distributions and capital allocation, so first and foremost, we definitely are a growth-oriented Company, and we intend to stay that way. But we believe, it's important during these periods of excess cash flow generation to provide increased distributions to shareholders. And as we've said in the past, we like to keep our dividend in a very manageable level. When Sinton is up and operational, you will see a significant increase in the dividend at that point, because we're going to have significantly higher through cycle cash flow. But until that time, and as we're generating excess cash, we will be utilizing the share buyback program as well. We think that's an important tool. However, we are very much focused on growth. As Mark mentioned, there are transaction opportunities today. There is quite an extensive pipeline, the teams are very busy, again, focused on manufacturing businesses, as well as potentially steel production assets as well. You're correct, the long-products utilization has improved nicely and we're seeing a lot of both good demand, and then also the commercial teams have been doing a good job of cross-selling those products and we've gotten some market share gains out of that as well. Mark, would you like to address the question, whether or not we want to grow in long products?
Mark Millett: Yes. But just to touch on, David, you're right, the long-products markets have got incredibly hot here off late. Certainly, you're seeing that in the margin expansion. There has been a change there, whereby pricing tended to be adjusted in lockstep with any change in scrap, but as you've seen over the last few months, it's become a market-based, demand-based pricing scenario and margins have increased 150%, sometimes 200% on some products. So it is a very, very strong market for us today for sure across the space, merchants, beams, rail is stellar and engineered bar and honestly, I think we're pretty well closed there from an order book perspective for the rest of the year and going into next year; so a great market. That said, if you look at the kind of capacity in merchant shapes and beams in particular relative to through cycle consumption, that's one area, that is -- it's a kind of an overcapacity situation through the cycle. And therefore, I wouldn't envision us having any meaningful increase in hot side production of shapes. I think you will see us utilize excess hot metal capability that we've got in a couple of our mills on the long-product side, but again, it won't be a massive increase in capacity.
David Gagliano: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then just my second or -- yes, my second question on -- switching gears a little bit, on the cost side. If we kind of try to back into conversion cost and obviously, there's different moving parts there, but it does look like they've crept fairly meaningfully higher. I was wondering if you just speak to the cost creep there, was that mix driven, or are there underlying cost pressures? And how should we be modeling conversion costs relative to what we just saw this quarter on a forward-looking basis? Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: So David, I know how you try to back into conversion costs and in the world where now we have a lot more processing versus just steel production, it's going to be harder and harder for you back into that number that way. So we had a considerable amount of more substrate coming into the system and having it coated versus directly from the steel production itself. And so where in as that makes it look like there is an increased conversion cost, there's actually not. It's just that we are processing more outside tons because there's such strong demand. And we can maybe try to unpack that a little bit better from quarter to quarter, but there were no significant increases in conversion costs.
David Gagliano: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Gordon Johnson with GLJ Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Gordon Johnson: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to get your thoughts on comments made by the President yesterday that the economy is booming. And looking at some of the survey data that came out of Michigan last week with respect to home buying trends and car buying trends, home buying trends being the worst based on the survey since the '90s, same for cars. Clearly, things are great right now, but do you guys see any potential for some pullback in the second half? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Millett: Well, the simple answer to that is, no. The demand is incredibly strong across all our sectors. We can't make enough steel. There's massive pent-up demand, particularly on the automotive side. And as I said earlier, if you look at inventories right now, they're at very, very, very low levels on a historic basis and there is a pent-up demand. And if you talk to the large dealers out there, they just cannot get enough product and they would suggest there's going to be a couple of years before they actually catch up. So, we remain incredibly bullish for the rest of this year and going into next year. There is absolutely no doubt about it. There's a lot -- there seems to be this cloud over people's minds or heads, but we are in the trenches, we're talking to customers each and every day. I'm talking to customers each and every day. I think we have a good finger on the pulse and it's got legs, there's no doubt about it.
Gordon Johnson: Okay, that's helpful. And then, on the flip side, there's been fears around and this is in my turn, but I think we all know it well, Steelmageddon and a lot of the incremental capacity that a lot of people expect to come online, but based on our estimates, a lot of that capacity is either redundant or has been pushed out. Do you guys share that view? And on the positive side, do you see the potential for maintenance, Cliffs has taken a mill down here pretty soon, it's going be down for a while. There are some other mills coming down. Do you guys not see the potential for prices to move even higher from here? Thank you for the questions.
Mark Millett: Well, we've had a -- as many of you on the call know, I've had a very long-standing contrasting view to the overcapacity issue or situation. And what people have not been able to figure out or understand is that the US is one of the few if not the only countries that is steel short. Additional capacity is not our problem. In fact, our industry is doing the right thing. It needs to reinvest, it needs to get state-of-the-art equipment on board, both from a global competitive perspective because if you look at China, 85% of Chinese capacity today is less than 15 years old, it's modern. So our industry needs to invest and it needs to continue to invest in electric arc furnace-type production routes from a sustainability standpoint. So, in my humble opinion, when you have an industry that arguably has somewhere 95 million tons to 100 million tons of production capability, and a need in a normal market of at least 120 million tons, production capability is not the issue, imports are the issue and controlling them. And I think as I said earlier, we do believe the tools are in place. Section 201 will maintain a sort of barrier, even if the 232 tariffs get eroded. So I am not concerned about overcapacity one little bit. Some of the older antiquated high-cost integrated capabilities will remain offline and I think will offset the somewhat 6 million tons or so of new flat roll coming into our marketplace.
Gordon Johnson: Thanks, again for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hey. Good morning. Congrats on all the progress.
Mark Millett: Thanks, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, I just have first question just on the demand side with automotive and oil and gas. I know auto has been a strong, kind of the first to lead us out of the whole last year, but recently, IHS has kind of taking down their forecast on demand and the semi-chip issues. Wondering just what you're seeing there in terms of pull from your customers? And then, secondarily, you did mention oil and gas getting better at the margin. Maybe just expand upon what you're seeing there and if your customers are trying to prepare you for a strong bounce back in '22?
Mark Millett: So again, Phil, from our intelligence, people are looking at a 17 million ton build rate this year and next year -- next year, sorry. That's an incredibly strong number. And I think as I suggested, when we talk to the dealers out there, when we look at the inventories, that is going to be -- the demand or the -- it's a pent-up demand there that's going to sustain things. The chip shortage for some maybe sort of hindering shipping capability. As I said earlier, very few of our auto platforms have been affected to date. So we've been fortunate, but if you think about it, okay, so chip shortages slow things down a little bit, the demand is still pent up, is still there, and it's just going to help expand this incredible cycle that we're on or in.
Phil Gibbs: And then, on the oil and gas side, Mark?
Mark Millett: Yes. Theresa whispered that across, sorry.
Phil Gibbs: No worries, not in hurry.
Mark Millett: On the energy side, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, global pricing, energy prices have come up a little, rig counts are coming up a little. We're seeing improved kind of downhole OCTG requirements, so engineered bar, for instance, we supply rolled bar into the seamless tube market, that has been picking up, a little slower though on the kind of the infrastructure. The distribution pipeline is still very, very soft and the cancellation of a couple of pipelines here over the last few months have left inventory in the supply chain that's trying to get sort of reallocated across the country. So, OCTG, downhole strengthening, infrastructure, distribution line pipe is going to be a little soft for probably at least another 12 months.
Phil Gibbs: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up here on the CapEx side. I think Theresa you said CapEx of $350 million to $400 million in the second half. Was there something pushed out into next year because I thought last time you had talked about making some pre-stage investments for your tandem lines?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Based on engineering and some of the more detailed plans that we've received on the four lines, some of that's likely to be pushed from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. So next year without doing our detailed planning, you're likely to see capital expenditures of probably somewhere between $550 million and $600 million.
Phil Gibbs: Terrific. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Tristan Gresser with Exane BNP. Please proceed with your questions.
Tristan Gresser: Yes. Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question. Regarding the new environmental targets, is there any CapEx associated to those targets, and what's the timeline, if you have already identified new initiatives to cut emissions by 2025 and 2030? And if you can, what is roughly the contribution from each focus area? I mean, I think you talk about new technology, efficiency, but also renewable, if you have that split that would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. That was a very detailed question, I'm not sure I might be able to go into all of it at this point in time. We do have some things that we can't discuss yet. They're very exciting on the renewable energy side of the equation. There will be some capital dollars, obviously, spent as we look at efficiency projects and as we move toward more renewable energy and the carbon reduction itself. We really don't have estimates to be able to discuss this morning because there's still a lot of projects that are being vetted. We will be disclosing those items as we move forward but we have a very -- and this is the thing that we want everybody to understand how we're trying to differentiate ourselves in our carbon goals and in our renewable energy goals, is that, we are being very transparent. There is a clear path on how we're going to achieve 2025 and 2030, and as we're able to disclose some of these projects, we absolutely, Tristan, will be sharing these projects, but at this point in time it's just too early to do so.
Tristan Gresser: All right, no problem. And maybe a follow-up on raw material. Can you talk a bit about how your raw material strategy will evolve in both the context of capacity expansion, but also decarbonization as it has an impact on, for instance, Scope 3? How do you think your raw material mix will evolve in coming years? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Well, the raw material strategy really is consistent from the perspective at least of what we're looking at today and that's we use really only about 20% to 25% pig iron in our flat roll mills, and so it's not as much as being advertised by maybe some of our peers today and that is being sourced obviously internationally. So, today, we use a mix of HPI as well and we'll continue to do that moving forward, but I don't see this strategy at this point in time or at least over the next near term changing dramatically. Mark?
Mark Millett: No, I think, again, we're executing on our plan that we've had in place for some time. Fortunately, we have a very, very good foundation through our omni-source recycling platform that has the capability of some 6 million tons, 7 million tons of capability. So supply of scrap is not going to be an issue for us for sure. And we're adding to that capability, as I said, in Mexico and some of those tons will flow up to Sinton and to our Columbus mill. So, I think we're in good shape on the scrap side of things. As Theresa suggested, we are using HPI and have been using a little bit more of that of late. We have IDI that people seem to forget. That's a very, very effective use for our Butler mill in particular, it's making about 260,000 tons of liquid iron that we put into our electric arc furnace each year. And just to emphasize, if you look across our steel platform, in total, pig iron is only -- I think, it's less than 8% of the total input. So yes, it's an impact, but not a massive one.
Tristan Gresser: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Tumazos with Very Independent Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Tumazos: Congratulations on $0.7 billion in a quarter. Looking at your CapEx strategy for the next two years, it looks like the focus is to maximize Sinton, complete the painting lines, the Galvalume galvanizing, get all the squeal out of the pig. Is it fair for us to expect your next big capital expenditure initiatives to be 2024, 2025 completion, maybe the outlays begin a little sooner, but where you are focused right now is making hay while the sun shines and getting everything out of the 3 million ton new mill?
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. It's good to hear from you. There is absolutely no doubt that the team's focus has been the execution of Sinton and it's a very large-scale facility. Actually, if you jump on our website, we have a drone video that gets updated I think once a month and it's a colossal, phenomenal facility that's being built by the team down there. And so, the focus for sure has been execution, execution, execution. Nonetheless, we have other folks on our team that continue to look at transactional activity, and also, the individual mills, we have very talented teams that continue to look at areas of organic growth. So I think you'll certainly see just a continuation of that organic growth that you've seen in the last 25 years or so. From a Sinton standpoint, the new lines that you mentioned that parallels or just supports our long-term strategy of fully utilizing or building high levels of through cycle utilization. And so not only are those four new lines very effective uses of CapEx with very, very, very good returns, it allows those capital intense steel mill assets to run at a high utilization, as I said, through the cycle. And I think we've demonstrated clearly that that strategy allows us to have superior shipments, production capabilities in any market environment.
John Tumazos: So, there could be a big project before '24, '25, or a transaction?
Mark Millett: We would imagine -- I think I've said it in the past, we don't see a Sintonasc greenfield project on our horizon. Transactional activity, there could be something meaningful there.
John Tumazos: Thank you very much and congratulations $3 billion annual rates, amazing for profits.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. We've got a great team. A little bit of a market tailwind is not hurting either, but
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Michael Glick with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Glick: Thanks for sneaking me in. You mentioned talking to customers and auto customers in particular but inventories across or beyond auto are also pretty low. Any sense as to what the game plan is for your non-auto customers in terms of rebuilding those inventories once they have access to more supply?
Mark Millett: Well, I don't think there's really any desire right now to rebuild. Firstly, people just can't get enough steel to satisfy their immediate needs, number one, domestically. And number two, the speculative risk associated with accumulating inventory in today's market environment is a -- it'd be a pretty gutsy call. Imports, as I said, despite the high arbitrage, there is very little available currently. The global markets are very, very strong and most of the material is being consumed within those markets. So there is not much available even if they wanted to. That said, the speculative risk of material flowing in and import delivery times are November, December, January, today. You don't want to take that risk. So, I don't see any rebuild in the near term and again, that's just another factor that's going to extend this cycle.
Michael Glick: Understood. And then, I think you noted $475 million to $500 million of incremental through cycle EBITDA once the value-add lines are complete. Could you walk us through some of these spread assumptions there so we can understand the moving parts a bit better?
Theresa Wagler: Michael, we won't go through the details spreads themselves. We will tell you that the spreads are based on mid-cycle spreads, so definitely not what we're experiencing today. And we're starting with a base hot roll to prime scrap kind of mix spread and then we build the value-added product mix off of that. And we are using what we've experienced historically, and then also looking forward at what the expectations are in those individual markets on a mid-cycle basis. So I'm sorry, we can't give you specific spreads, but it is showing that certain -- our expectations are that the volume operates very much like our Columbus and Butler facilities operate, that means that production and shipments tend to be at or near capacity on a mid-cycle basis.
Michael Glick: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Sean Wondrack: Hi, Mark and Theresa, and congratulations on another great quarter here. Just a couple of housekeeping items and I apologize if you've mentioned these, but taxes, I recognize you had a shield related to Sinton. I think it's supposed to continue to work in your favor. Can you maybe touch on that and sort of expectations for working capital for the year, please?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, absolutely. So, yes Sinton will -- still expected to provide a tax shield this year as we're able to -- of the year of operations, be able to expense that successive investment. It likely will shield upwards of $350 plus million. However, our earnings are so strong, that we're still having tax payments that are required, this year. And I think we're estimating our effective tax rate to be about 15%. From the perspective of working capital, Sinton is likely to build working capital as it starts operations in the next six to nine months of somewhere between $150 million and $200 million. Outside of that, I would expect the rest of our operations working capital to remain fairly steady just given that our volumes have already picked up and pricing has been really strong as well. So, I don't see a lot of additional movement in working capital.
Sean Wondrack: Great, thank you. That's helpful. And then, just in terms of opportunistic use of cash flow, you have $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. You're going to continue to generate cash going forward. You've, obviously, done a nice job outlining the various ways you can use that cash, but I guess my question is, do you think it's prudent to keep a solid cash balance there should an opportunity arise, or should the market turn at some point just so that you have the ability to go out and make these transactions?
Theresa Wagler: It's a good question. Our balance sheet is extraordinarily strong. So even if you look at our net leverage or our gross leverage, either metric is solidly in the investment-grade arena. We have significant additional debt capacity and the capital structure, and so where in as, yes, it makes sense to keep some cash on the balance sheet, we also have things that we can spend that money on whether it's additional share repurchases as we expect to make in the second half of the year and it still won't hinder all of the growth expectations or projects that we think are available to us on the transaction side. So yes, we do keep dry powder at the same token, and there's still debt capacity as well.
Mark Millett: And I would just add, if you look -- hopefully, when you look at our experience of growth over the years, it's always been very, very intentional I would say. I would say, it's also very disciplined, and we won't do a transaction at ludicrous numbers. We always look at through-cycle. So if we were to do a transaction today, it will be a good investment through the cycle not just based on today's crazy profitability that some may have.
Sean Wondrack: Right. No, that makes sense. I feel like you've demonstrated that over time as you've scaled this business up, it's not always easy to do that. I guess just my last question, just touching on something you said earlier, Mark. When you think about the US market sort of being in a deficit -- deficit for years, I guess philosophically do you believe that eventually domestic producers will evolve to fill that demand gap, or do you think we will always have a component of imports coming into this country?
Mark Millett: I think there will always be some element of imports for sure. It has been a long, long, long time. I think I don't know, mid-'70s or '80s or whenever, when imports were de minimis. We're not going to be a country that self-satisfies its demand in total. So imports are always going to be there. Today, we typically need -- 20% of demand is an import need. We just don't need 30 million tons or 30% imports. But I think if you -- all the discussion has been relatively near term, when I say near term six, nine months into next year. But people are not, I don't believe anyway, recognizing that the industry is in transition. And I think there is some paradigm shifts occurring that are going to retain a lot higher sort of health -- market health in our industry and a much higher margins going forward. You look at the leadership mindset today and the consolidation, the integrated industry is really focused on returning shareholder value. They are totally focused on consolidating and rationalizing their assets to make good business sense. And that's going to bring I think market health and market strength long term. USMCA has, I think, certainly for us been a market change in dynamic, where you see particularly the European automakers, a shift in their supply chain from imports to domestic sourcing. Again, we've been a very, very large beneficiary of that. So the market is changing for sure in this country, and as I said earlier, it needs more capacity, it needs state-of-the-art technological capability, low cost, sustainable low carbon footprint production routes. And so I am not fearful for a second about the capacity coming online, it's needed and it will benefit the North American manufacturer base in spades going forward.
Sean Wondrack: I appreciate that. It's a very thoughtful answer to a pretty difficult question, but thank you very much and good luck going forward.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Daryl. I would just emphasize, well, firstly, thank you for those that are still on the call. Thank you for listening today to our thoughts and opinions anyway. It was an incredible quarter. We believe next quarter is going to be better even so. And that is driven certainly by the market tailwinds that we're experiencing, but it's also more importantly driven by the most phenomenal steel metals team in the world. They are an incredible bunch of individuals. We number 10,000 there. If you include their wives and partners and kids, we've got, I don't know, 25,000 people in the SDI family today. They all contribute to our success. So thank you to each and every one of them. Thank you to our customers. We can't do what we do without you. We've had some incredibly loyal support and I wish we could support them even more today because they are -- we are struggling to meet all their needs. So, thank you, everyone. Make it a great day, and be safe. Take care.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 20, 2021 and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms please disconnect. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Darrell. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually as we are all following appropriate social distancing guidelines. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings forward-looking statements and risk factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled in the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Record First Quarter 2021 Results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everybody. Hey, I had you folks on mute, but welcome to our first quarter '21 earnings call. We certainly appreciate you joining us today. I believe the entire Steel Dynamics team delivered a tremendous first quarter performance. It was filled with operating and financial records, including record net sales, operating income and adjusted EBITDA. It was an extraordinary performance yet again, driven by the dedication and passion of our teams. I'm incredibly proud to work with each of them. They're a special group, accomplishing exceptional things. Due to the continued commitment of our teams to one another, our families and our customers, we continue to operate safely amidst COVID-19. Operations have continued essentially unabated. We continue to closely monitor the situation and adapt as necessary to ensure our teams' health. The health and welfare of our teams is the highest priority. And I think each of them for their continued commitment to our safety. Because record results don't matter unless everyone goes home safely at the end of each day. The number of injuries and their severity improved in the first quarter '21 compared to last year. The teams are focused on reducing hazards and practices that could result in significant injury. Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our people. Safety is and always will be our number one value. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry statistics. But our intent will always be the drive towards zero incident work environments. To achieve this, we must all continuously be aware of our surroundings and our fellow team members, keeping safety top of mind to control safety, both in the traditional sense as it relates to keeping one another in good health. Before I continue further, Theresa will provide insights into our recent performance. So Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I want to add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the entire Steel Dynamics team. As Mark said we achieved numerous milestones and delivered a record first quarter performance. We achieved record revenues of $3.5 billion derived from near record quarterly steel shipments, record fabrication shipments and strong product pricing across all of our operating platforms. We achieved record quarterly operating income of $594 million and net income of $431 million or $2.03 per diluted share. And we had strong cash flow from operations of $262 million with a record quarterly adjusted EBITDA of $664 million, truly an extraordinary performance. Our first quarter 2021 results included costs of approximately $20 million or $0.07 per diluted share associated with the construction of our Sinton Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill. Excluding these costs, first quarter 2021 adjusted net income was $445 million or $2.10 per diluted share above our guidance of $1.94 to $1.98 due to stronger than anticipated March steel shipments as order activity remains very strong. Our first quarter 2021 revenues of $3.5 billion were 36% higher than sequential fourth quarter results, with growth from all of our operating platforms, and most significantly from our steel and metal recycling operations based on record flat roll steel selling values and strong shipments. Our first quarter 2021 operating income was $594 million, $335 million, or 130% higher than sequential fourth quarter results due to higher real life flat roll steel pricing more than offsetting increased scrap costs. As we discuss our business this morning, you'll find we continue to see positive industry fundamentals for the remainder of 2021. And we are confident in our fourth coming unique earnings catalysts. For steel operations we generated $641 million of operating income in the first quarter more than double fourth quarter sequential earnings as flat roll steel selling values increased significantly to record levels throughout the first quarter, driving expanded metal margins. We also saw expanded margins within our long products operations based on higher prices. First quarter steel shipments of 2.8 million tons were 6% above our sequential fourth quarter volume and only 25,000 tons less than our quarterly record set in the first quarter of 2020. Our steel mills operated at 93% of their capability during the quarter well above the industry average of 77%. As a reminder, we still have additional market share opportunity based on our existing annual steel shipping capability of over 13 million tons and when we finish our new Texas steel mill and it's fully online, we'll have over 16 million tons. As domestic steel production increased scrap demand strengthened in the first quarter, resulting in significantly higher scrap prices and resulting metal spread expansion. Operating income from our mills recycling operations was $54 million, nearly 100% improvement sequentially. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our vertically connected operating model benefiting both our steel and metals recycling operations by providing higher quality scrap, which improves furnace efficiency and by reducing companywide working capital requirements. Despite record first quarter 2021 shipments for our steel fabrication segment, first quarter operating income was $10 million, compared to sequential fourth quarter earnings of $25 million. Lower earnings were the result of metal spread compression, as higher average selling values were offset by significantly higher steel input costs. As evidenced through our record shipments, record order backlog and extremely strong continued order activity, lower first quarter earnings is not reflective of a weaker demand environment. It is a matter of timing, as higher steel costs are being matched with a six-month order backlog in which joist and deck prices were lower. This will begin to reverse in the coming months as current steel joist and deck prices have increased considerably. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable cost structure. During the first quarter of 2021, we generated cash flow from operations of $262 million. Operational working capital grew $411 million during the quarter driven by higher customer account and inventory values due to increased pricing in shipments. During the quarter we also invested $310 million in capital investments, of which $254 million was invested in our new Texas flat roll steel mill. For the remainder of 2021, we estimate capital investments will be roughly $650 million to $700 million, with the Texas steel mill representing about $535 million of that amount. This estimate does not include spending for construction or the recently announced four flat roll steel coating lines. We believe the lines will cost between $400 million and $425 million combined, and we will likely fund between $50 million to $75 million for engineering and down payments late this year. The lines are currently planned to begin operating sometime in the second half of 2022. In February, we also increased our cash dividend 4% to $0.26 per common share based on our ability to consistently generate strong cash. Since 2016, we've increased our cash dividend over 85% and invested $1.3 billion in our common stock, representing over 15% of our outstanding shares. We have $444 million that remain authorized for share repurchases. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation, consistent cash flow generation, strong liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We're in a position of strength, with liquidity over $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter, comprised of cash of $1.2 billion and our fully available unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes responsible strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of the base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while also being dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit rating. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. And we believe sustainability is a part of our long-term value creation. And we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity and have been since our founding. We produce steel using only Electric Arc Furnace technology with recycled ferrous scrap as the primary raw material. EAS steel production technology currently has the least environmental impact, is the most cost effective and provides the most operational flexibility. With the addition of our mills recycling and fabrication platforms, we intentionally developed a vertically connected operating model crane and almost closed loop manufacturing business, which both benefits us financially and reduces our environmental impact. In 2020, we shared our qualitative climate related goals and our most recent sustainability report. This summer, we also plan to adopt quantitative goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, participate in greater renewable energy use and continue to invest in energy efficiency opportunities. We're currently in the process of assessing the use of renewable energy alternatives at our steel mills. Our sustainability and environmental impact strategy is an ongoing journey. And we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role in developing innovative ways to reduce our impact on the environment. For those of you that use our detailed shipments for the flat roll product for your models, in the first quarter of 2021, we have hot-rolled P&O shipments of 774,000 tons, cold-rolled of 149,000 tons and coated of 996,000 tons. On a personal note, I just want to continue to thank the teams for operating safely and for taking care of one another from a health perspective as well. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thanks Theresa. Taking on operating platforms in turn, the steel fabrication platform delivered a strong performance, achieving record quality shipments while navigating rapidly escalating steel input costs, higher steel costs compressed first quarter steel fabrication earnings due to a matching six-month order backlog to more current steel prices. However, based on the strength of steel joist and deck and demand we're currently placing orders at record prices. Our order activity is extremely strong. We ended March with a record fabrication order backlog that is over 50% higher than our previous peak. The non-residential construction market remains strong especially in areas that support online retail, computing activities and healthcare, specifically represented by construction of large distribution and warehouse facilities. Driven large part to changes in consumer behavior, we believe this dynamic will continue for the next several years. We already have steel fabrication facilities located throughout the US and in Mexico, providing us with an advantaged broad based customer supply chain. In order to serve increased customer demand, we will be expanding our production capability. For us it is not necessary to add physical assets, we simply will be providing jobs to additional team members to support increased operating hours, thereby further improving asset utilization. These new crews will be trained and become active between now and late summer '21, increasing our annual production capability by as much as 25% to 30% or over 100,000 tons. Our metals recycling operations had an extremely strong quarter with quarterly operating income of $54 million, nearly doubling sequential fourth quarter earnings and over five times higher than prior year first quarter earnings. Strong ferrous demand and increased pricing related to higher domestic steel production drove strong performance. Prime scrap index pricing increased over $170 per gross ton during the first quarter. Prime scrap generation is strong based on North American manufacturing. We expect North American scrap generation to outpace increased demand from steelmaking in 2021. Obsolete scrap generation has also been strong post the extreme February weather conditions. Based on continued solid scrap generation, we believe scrap pricing will remain somewhat steady during the rest of the year. As Theresa mentioned, the steel team had an outstanding quarter, achieving numerous operating and financial records. We achieved near record shipments, just 1% less than our first quarter 2020 record, and up 6% sequentially. We achieved record quarterly operating income of $641 million, over 10% higher than our previous peak. So many contributed to these incredible achievements, including our commercial teams, our other operating platforms, suppliers and especially our loyal customers. While the domestic steel industry operated at an increased utilization rate of 77% during the first quarter, the strength of our differentiated business model, combined with a passion of our people drove our steel production utilization to 93%. Steel demand is strong across the steel platform, including both flat and long steel products. However, the flat roll steel markets remain especially tight. Underlying demand for flat roll steel products recovered much more quickly than expected in the second half of last year and gained further momentum in this recent first quarter. When coupled with historically low customer inventory levels across the supply chain, flat roll steel prices have been supported at historically high levels and customers are placing orders for immediate demand requirements. They have not rebuilt inventories since the speculative risk associated with the accumulation of higher priced inventory is a significant deterrent, even if it was available. Additionally, we believe current legislative steel trade policies will continue to moderate steel imports. The current US administration has also commented constructively concerning trade parameters and the issues with China. From an end market perspective, the automotive sector has experienced the strongest recovery operating at very high production levels due to low inventories coupled with strong consumer demand. March's seasonally adjusted production represented almost 18 million units and inventories were close to 30% below the five-year average. We've been fortunate that our automotive order book has not seen any significant impact from the current electronic chip shortens. The non-residential construction sector remains strong with continued positive momentum, as evidenced by record structural and rail division shipments, record steel fabrication shipments and strong customer backlogs. We expect this strength to continue through the rest of this year and certainly into next year. Residential construction has also been strong, producing high demand for related HVAC and appliance products. In addition to supporting high non-residential construction demand, the growing online retail shift is supporting steel demand strength throughout the supply chain service providers such as truck trailer and material handling. We're also seeing healthy demand from mining and yellow goods customers that are engineered by our products division. In the energy sector, solar is a substantially growing market. And we're also seeing some indications of improved oil and gas activity. We continue on our successful track record and margin enhancing differentiated growth. We have executed numerous strategic investments across the company in the last several years. And we continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future. Our teams and our customers are extremely excited about our Sinton Texas Electric Arc Furnace Flat Roll Steel Mill investment. It represents a transformational step function increase in Steel Dynamics through cycle cash flow generation capability. It provides next generation electric arc furnace steel production capabilities, new products and new customers. The facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of existing electric arc furnace flat roll steel producers competing even more effectively with a higher carbon emitting integrated steel model and foreign competition. It provides us with a broader steel portfolio and provides our customers with an even larger climate conscious supply option. The team's momentum is unbelievable and to be admired. We have an incredible depth of experience in the construction, startup and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we likely have more relevant experience than any other company in the industry. And construction is going extremely well. The new 3-million-ton state of the art flat roll steel mill will include two value added coating lines comprise the 550,000 ton galvanizing line with Galvalume capability and a 250,000 paint line. We plan for these two value-added coating lines to begin operating by the end of the second quarter '21 using flat roll substrate that had full operations. Our Sinton Electric Arc Furnace Steel Mill is adhering to the same stringent sustainability model as our other steelmaking facilities, utilizing state of the art environmental controls and processes to produce high quality sustainable lower carbon steel. Our steel mills have a fraction of the greenhouse gas emission and energy intensity of average traditional steelmaking technology. The Sinton provides a strategic location near Corpus Christi. We have three targeted regional commercial markets for unused steel mill which represents over 27 million tons of relevant flat roll steel consumption in the southern and western United States and Mexico. We also plan to effectively compete with steel imports. Our customers are excited to have a regional flat roll steel supplier. We have four customers committed to locate on site representing over 1.3 million tons of annual processing and consumption capability. We're still speaking with several other potential on site customers, as well as those that are building facilities off site yet near our campus. Our location provides a significant free benefit to most of our intended flat roll customers. Compared to the current domestic supply options, we believe that potential customer savings would be at least $20 to $30 per ton and some would be much higher. Coupled with much shorter lead times we can provide a superior customer supply chain solution. It also allows us to effectively compete with imports, which inherently have long lead times and speckled that price risk. We've also made considerable progress concerning our raw material procurement strategy. We completed the acquisition of a Mexican scrap company last August, which was a critical step for us. The acquisition complements our current metals recycling business in both the US and Mexico. The operations are strategically located near high volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. They have an estimated annual scrap processing capability of almost 2 million gross tons. We also acquired three small scrap locations in the Houston and Corpus Christi area to help serve Sinton's raw material needs. Our performance based operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel assets, positions us incredibly well to successfully execute this transformational growth. As we've said before, we're not simply adding a flat roll steel production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and offer an import sustainable alternative to a regional in need of options. We've also recently announced plans to add four additional value-added flat roll coating lines, comprised with two new paint lines and two new galvanizing lines with Galvalume coating capability. Galvalume products represent the fastest growing flat roll steel market in the United States, primarily serving the metal building industry. This market is historically sourced as much as 45% of the needs from foreign imports. Our preferred cost effective supply chain has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at full capacity through both increased consumption and market share again. Two of these lines will be located in the southern US region to be comprised of a new paint line, and a galvanizing slash Galvalume line, with a combined annual coating capacity of 540,000 tons, requiring an estimated investment of $225 million. These lines will provide Sinton with similar diversification and higher margin product capabilities as our Butler in Columbus flat roll steel divisions. The remaining two lines will be located in the Midwest, and will also be comprised of a paint line and galvanizing line with Galvalume capability with a combined annual coating capacity of 540,000 tons and will require an investment of between $175 million and $200 million. These lines will support our regional flat roll steel operations, providing them with more value-added product diversification to serve our customer needs. We currently believe these lines will begin operating in the second half of '22. Our strategy consistently places value added products and supply chain differentiation of the four and has benefit us well, both through good and poor markets. In closing, our culture and the execution of a long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through consistent strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, clearly demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Our amazing teams provide the foundation for success. I thank each of them for their passion and dedication to each other and our other stakeholders. To each of you, please remember that your health and safety is always the most important issue at hand. I thank you for all you do. Your spirit of excellence drives us to success. With that said Darrell, would you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Sathish Kasinathan of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Sathish Kasinathan: Yeah, hi, good morning, Mark and Teresa. Thanks for taking my questions. So my question is on the flat roll steel pricing. In the past you have indicated that the flat rolled steel pricing typically lags by two months based on your mix of spot or index-based contracts. Given the external lead times, delivery delays and maybe changes to the contract mix, what would the lag be in terms of today's market?
Theresa Wagler: That's a great question Sathish. So in the first quarter generally, we're somewhere between probably 55% to 60% contract business in any given quarter related to just our flat roll operations. But because of the way that contracts have minimum and maximum volumes, in the first quarter, we actually had probably a little over 70% of our mix was contract related. So it was more than we typically would have. However, going into the second quarter, you're likely to see that moderate back to a 60% to 65%. And so we think it'll get closer to what we normally see. And the lag is generally around two months.
Sathish Kasinathan: Okay. Sorry. Just one follow up question if I may. At Sinton do you have like a target base load for the mill? And in terms of ongoing discussions with other customers, could you be able to quantify what the potential incremental volumes could be compared to the 1.3 million tons already committed?
Theresa Wagler: We had the update - the customers that have committed to be on site. There's four in place today that represent just over 1.3 million tons. We're currently having discussions with at least two others. Mark, I don't know if you want to comment on the additional volume that may come with that or not?
Mark Millett: Well, we would anticipate, I think, at the end of the day, with seven customers on site, it's been absolutely incredible, the excitement that we've seen, and we've been very, very intentional as to the type of customers such that we have a broad spectrum of processing capability. So light gauge processing capability, heavy gauge, hot band, automotive, and also pipe consumers and other fabricators. So I would imagine at the end of the day, again, that 1.3 million tons will grow. Again, that's not all consumption. A lot of it is processing capability. But it should end up being perhaps 1.4 million tons by the time we're done.
Theresa Wagler: And just to add to that Sathish, we've actually had several customers that were not able to locate with us on site because of area constraints, et cetera. But there are those that are moving contingent or contiguous to the site. So there is a lot of excitement among the customer group.
Sathish Kasinathan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Exane BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning, I guess the follow up please with regard to Sinton, can you provide any update or more details on the ramp up schedule for the facility, and when exactly you would expect to reach full utilization of 3 million tons? I think last quarter you noted downstream lines began ramp in late Q2 up in early Q3. Any update on those figures, please?
Mark Millett: Certainly, I think the downstream lines, as we've said in the past will come up before the hot side, but the paint line, the galv line and pickle line, we believe will stop commissioning in June, with some limited shipments beginning in July. I think generally, volumes will be a little constrained through those three lines due to the strong SDI backlog right now and a limited availability of third-party volume. It was our anticipation some time ago that we will be transferring tons down there. But again, it's a good and a bad situation. Our mills are absolutely jam packed with orders. And again, it's tough to get third party supply. But those will be commissioned on time and we'll start to see incremental shipments in the third and fourth quarter. The hot strip mill obviously is of prime importance to get that up and running. That it will be commissioned in September. And I would expect the shipments to commence in Q4 and one has to recognize that as we start the mill up, we'll be also hiring to build working process inventory. So not every ton produced will be shipped. But I would imagine volume to be around 150,000 to 200,000 tons for the fourth quarter. For 2022, the expectation is still to ship around about 80% of eventual capability, so somewhere between 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons.
Theresa Wagler: And that's from a full utilization as we run Columbus and Butler, basically at full or over full capacity. We don't see any reason why could achieve that in the 2023 timeframe.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thank you, just a follow up with regards to the 2022 guidance, is the view that you'd be at the 80% run rate on an annual basis by the end of '22, or calendar '22, you expect that 2.2 million to 2.4 million ton out the door?
Mark Millett: No, we would expect 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons of actual shipments.
Seth Rosenfeld: Wonderful, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Emily Chang with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Emily Chang: Good morning, Mark and Teresa. My first question is just around sort of the capital allocation strategy. As you have the startup of Sinton quickly approaching and coupled with what looks like a phenomenal year for steel prices, how should we be thinking about longer term capital allocation policy? Should we be expecting more growth spend above and beyond the cutting line investments that you've recently announced? Or will there be maybe a more meaningful pivot to shareholder returns?
Mark Millett: Well, I think generally our cash allocation strategy has been pretty consistent over time, and will continue to be so. We'll still be focused on retaining a conservative perspective regarding balance sheet structure and liquidity to fully support our investment grade profile. Our through cycle cash generation capability will remain strong, and obviously, with Sinton and with the additional projects will increase dramatically. And I think the exciting thing is, as you point out, we're going to have a lot of cash to allocate. We'll continue growth. We've announced our four new lines, again, a little sort of head of our own personal - sort of timeframe, to help diversify that mill dramatically along the lines of Butler and Columbus. But there will be significant cash remaining after that growth. We'll continue to have a positive dividend profile, cash dividend profile. And as you've seen in the past, when we have a step function increase in through cycle cash generation capability, we do quite a meaningful bump. So I would expect that to happen in the future the next year. And obviously, to supplement that that shareholder return was continuing to look at share buybacks.
Theresa Wagler: I would just add, so there are transactional opportunities as well. And so we are a growth company. And so there is the organic side, which I think Sinton represents the largest project, and that we've had. But as you think about transaction opportunities, whether it's in manufacturing businesses that utilize our steel as raw material input, or whether it even the steel production assets perhaps that's something definitely we can differentiate the business and improve the business and add a lot of value. We're still very interested in things like that as well.
Emily Chang: That's very helpful. And if I can squeeze in a quick follow up just on the infrastructure plan that's being floated right now. Any sort of early thoughts on what that could mean for steel demand longer term and your views as to whether or not there's sufficient capacity to meet this longer term?
Mark Millett: Well, it's difficult to tell exactly what that sort of incremental volume is. You see 3 million, 4 million tons being bantered around. I can't say that we've fully analyzed that. But obviously, there will be improved demand. There's obviously a major sort of clean energy aspect to it. So solar, I think will help steel consumption demand and certainly our activities at Steel of West Virginia are already benefiting from that. I think beyond the actual sort of steel consumption perspective just the overall economic benefit from that and from other stimuli the economy is going great guns today and it's just going to keep it going. So it's an exciting time.
Emily Chang: And I think that's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Gagliano: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wonder if we could switch gears to kind of current market conditions and looking ahead a bit here. Obviously, we've got this extremely tight market, record high prices, lead times still extended and we've seen a lot of I think low hanging fruit on the capacity side now restarted and everything still very tight. So typically, one of the ways you saw for this is imports. And I'm wondering if you could just comment on why this time should be different with regards to import flows being somewhat constrained. Given that we're at record high regional premiums, I think there's very good reasons for it. I was just wondering if you could share your thoughts. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, again from our perspective, and there are those - I saw some commentary sort of questioning demand. Demand out there is absolutely phenomenal, across almost every sector. Very, very strong and it would appear to be there for the rest of this year going into next. As you mentioned, most of the - if not all, the reasonable production capability in the US has returned. I think any further additions will be limited. There are sort of additions coming in later this year. Ours will start shipments in the fourth quarter, as I said, but nothing major on the plus side. And it's going to be offset in all honesty, if you look at the maintenance outages in the integrated industry and some shutdowns on the minimal side of things, supply side will absolutely remain tight. So as a great balance will support the market. The issue in the past has been import increases. And I don't think you'll see - you're going to see material increase. It is picking up, there's no doubt about that. But you've got a world economy. Europe is strong, China is strong, most markets are in great shape and so the import availability today is not there. You may get the arbitrage to become more attractive perhaps on the surface. But the availability and the lead times are stretched out. And very few people are going to want to take that speculative risk buying whatever 1,400 bucks today, just taking that risk for that to tumble later in the year. We don't see that though. So we see strong demand, tight supply, record low supply chain inventories across the space. And I think imports - moderate levels of imports that will be continued to be supported by the administration. Actually, I think the commentary relative to trade is very, very positive. Today they recognize that we've been at a kind of a financial war with China for a long time. And they recognize the issues there and I don't think that the 232 tariffs will be unwound in totality. They may take a slightly different shape, but trade constraint will remain in the years ahead. So I think it's a remarkable environment that we're in today. And I think it's just wherever you look anecdotally - housing, there are no houses to be bought today. Or you saw a pickup in the residential markets in March. And that will continue and as playing strength in HVAC and appliance. If you go try and buy a refrigerator today or washing machine, you're probably going to have to wait four or five months for one that you actually want. So just everywhere you look in the supply chain things are stretched and will kind of prolong these cycles. So we're incredibly bullish, I mean it's - we had a phenomenal first quarter. I think the second quarter is going to be multiples of phenomenal and is going to be a great year.
David Gagliano: Alright, that's helpful. Thanks for the additional color there. If I could just squeeze one more in as well, just switching back to what Teresa said earlier about use of cash down the road and transactional opportunities. I think you mentioned manufacturing business and/or still production assets. I'm not going to put you on the spot-on assets or anything like that. Just the question I'm really wondering is - you didn't mention organic steel production, so is it reasonable to assume that organic steel production, incremental organic steel production is off the table for now?
Mark Millett: I would say on the hot side for sure. Downstream, coating, value-add there's still I think, a myriad of opportunities for us. But if you look at Sinton for - that investment, that project is very, very, very unique both from a product standpoint, but also sort of a market or regional market standpoint. And that's what persuaded us to move forward there. I don't believe there are those types of opportunities available today. Yeah, if there's - there may be incremental where we'll take existing hot metal capability and add assets to use that existing capability. But I don't believe you'll see us - I'm pretty sure you won't see us building green - any more greenfield hot sites.
David Gagliano: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions from me and following up on the last comments. We obviously saw flat roll steel shipments declined a little bit year-on-year. I think you've hit 1.9, not significantly below, but is that because production constraints that shipments actually fell year-on-year? That's the first question.
Theresa Wagler: Andreas, are you talking specifically about Steel Dynamics and our first quarter shipments?
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yeah.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So it was a direct result of two of our steel divisions. We actually had improvement over all of our operations, except for Roanoke Bar Division and the Steel of West Virginia Division. And there have been some good improvements made there commercially and the team is doing incredibly well. And they think you're going to see a big shift and change in that. But that specifically, it wasn't anything that was noteworthy, and it was only about 25,000 tons difference, I think.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yeah. No, that's what I figured. Okay, that's very clear. And the second question, I mean, obviously, there's been a lot of talk in the market in recent quarters about the tightness of prime scrap and how the prime scrap market is going to grow even tighter with the EAF capacitors coming online, and so on so forth. And I'm sure you've seen some commentary, some people saying that EAFs are going to be the next high cost producers in the market and scrap prices are going to keep rolling and so on so forth. Where do you guys come down on all of this? I mean, effectively, is this just a question about you go a little bit further on the radius and basically collect a bit more prime scrap from other manufacturers and then there's sufficient supply of prime scrap for anybody who's willing to go a little bit further or do you see an actual amount of tightness in the market just given that manufacturing especially auto production is under pressure in the years to come?
Mark Millett: Firstly, I would suggest that scrap is an incredibly efficient market. It's probably the most effective commodity. I do believe that yes, there's additional capacity electrical arc furnace capacity come online. But if you do the math, you may need to find about - somewhere around 4 million tons of additional prime scrap. You also have to offset that a little bit because people forget the integrated mills use scrap, they use prime scrap and so with the reduced capacity there, there's a little less consumed on the integrated side of things. But I think if you look at the scrap market in general, we - even in these recent times we're exporting in around 12 million, 15 million tons a year. There have been times when we've exported 20 million tons a year. So scrap is certainly available. It may appreciate in price to some degree, but I don't believe you're going to see any significant issues from a profitability or a cost perspective for the electric arc furnace community.
Theresa Wagler: Andreas, as we look at -
Andreas Bokkenheuser: That is very clear. Sorry, go ahead.
Theresa Wagler: We pull together what we believe to be scrap generation over the coming years, and we added in new capacity related to electric arc furnaces. The scrap generation, both including prime scrap as well as prime scrap substitutes with a lot of the additional projects coming on line, we believe will outpace the increased demand. Though I know there's different philosophies being touted about out there right now. But that was our original promise and we still believe in that.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yeah. No, that makes a lot of sense. And I think your 4 million ton estimate is very much also in line with our own. So thank you very much for your comments.
Mark Millett: I think actually one more thing because, as they say, necessity is the mother of invention. And given the remarkable spread between prime scrap and obsolete today, our mills and I'm sure all of our competition is doing the same thing. But they are creating new mixes. And we've actually reduced our prime scrap requirements probably by over 10%, maybe more at our flat roll facilities. If the whole industry, electric arc furnace flat roll producing industry would to do that obviously, that's a meaningful reduction as well.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you for the -
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is comfortable a line of Carlos de Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Carlos de Alba: Yeah, thank you very much. Just on the fabrication business. I think last quarter it was mentioned that the first quarter would be the bottom of the profitability cycle there. If I understood correctly, you said that this month probably - from this month on probably you start to see a margin expansion. So in fact can you elaborate a little bit more so that we fully understand where are we in the fabrication business profitability cycle? Yeah.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Absolutely. Good morning. So from the steel fabrication, we're likely to see March and April be the drought months as we are working through or have worked through the order backlog. Today, steel and steel deck - steel joist and steel deck prices are actually at all-time record highs and demand is extraordinary. So one should see that starts to develop, it's already into a record backlog that's reaching into the fourth quarter of 2021. And you're likely to see a better second quarter, but in the second half of the year, it could be quite powerful from an earnings perspective.
Carlos de Alba: Perfect. And if I made just a clarification on the CapEx, it is not much, but the Midwest. Two new coated lines are expected to cost a little bit more than those in the south. What is the reason for that if I may ask?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Carlos, it's actually opposite. And we may have said it wrong. The $225 million lines are likely to be in the south. And the $175 million to $200 million lines are likely to be in the Midwest. Mark, do you want to talk about the technical differences between the sets of lines, why one might be higher than the other?
Mark Millett: Well, quite simply one has a slightly higher product capability. The ones in the south tend to have some automotive capability. Whereas the one in the Midwest will be more building product targeted.
Theresa Wagler: I think has a little to do with the infrastructure that's possibly required as well.
Carlos de Alba: All right, thank you very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Timna Tanners: Hey, guys, good morning. Wanted to ask just really about production to follow up, so two things. One is your first quarter production, flat rolled products were down year-over-year and I thought I heard you say that it was a result of Roanoke and West Virginia which are long product. So I was kind of confused. I would assume and I think the big question for a lot of people in the industry is why are the mills not running full out given record prices? And yet you guys were down year-over-year and down from third quarter in flat roll. So just wondering what to think about that and how to model volumes going forward?
Theresa Wagler: Well, first of all, I'll just jump in. I thought Andreas was talking about shipments not production. So if I got that wrong that was my fault. Mark, you want to talk about the production side of things. We suffice it to say, Timna that we are running as hard as we can at both Butler and at Columbus. We aren't without some of our hiccups along the way as well. But we've rectified those and yeah.
Mark Millett: I think there's also an impact a little bit on the product mix and also on shipments from a standpoint of transportation. Logistics is a little tough right now. And we have greater opportunity for shipments than we actually ended up.
Timna Tanners: Okay, so upside from Q1 it sounds like. Thank you for that. And then Sinton, I was looking through my notes and I have a couple years ago, so maybe it's dated, but if you had said pretty clearly and talked about being able to ramp up quickly. So we had modeled a little more aggressive ramp up to be honest on Sinton, I have in my notes that you said within six months, you'd be at 80% of that. So I'm just wondering is there any reason for kind of the push out in timing and also just in the 2022 forecast you touted in the past inability to ramp up quickly and talked about your track record doing so. But so I was surprised that to 2.2 out of 3 million tons next year, thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, 2.2 million, 2.4 million tons is 80% of 3 million tons capability, Timna. And I think the team hitting that will be a remarkable feat.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Phil Gibbs: And Mark, can you talk a little bit about automotive? I mean, there's a lot swirling given the chip shortages and the downtime at the - at some of the domestic and after producers. Even globally, you said your shipments remain strong. Obviously, the demand side of equation is very strong to your point. So I'm just trying to understand how this ultimately all plays out. Do you think the OEs despite all this were short on inventory, that's why they continue to take volume, maybe just help us think through this?
Mark Millett: I think the sort of end demand for vehicles today is incredibly strong. And the few dealers that I talked to are struggling to get inventory and feel that it's - that that strength is going to remain for some time. I think they were generally projecting somewhere between 17 million and 18 million units for the year. And the best prognostications are that the chip shortage may impact that by a million and a half. I'm not sure. All I can say is through our lens, and it's quite fortuitous, I guess. But the plants that are down are not ones that we supply. So we have not seen any material impact from a shipping standpoint. We have seen a slight impact on the scrap side. So I think you're going to see - whereas we anticipated that softening a little bit in the last month - for this month. I think prime scrap is probably going to be firm, maybe up a little. But then again, it's too early to tell the buy is still a couple of weeks ahead. But no major impact for us so far.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks Mark. And then on the engineered bar side you had a nice pickup in volume, very strong sequentially and up nicely year-on-year. Yeah, how much of that do you think is driven by automotive? I can't remember how much of your mix there is in that silo and yeah, how much is that - you think is related to the yellow good commentary you made?
Mark Millett: Well, I think there's a general impact across the space. We've seen a little greater activity sort of seams pipe for the for the energy markets, yellow goods is stronger, manufacturing is strong. But I would say the principal growth and target for that growth there has been automotive. I think we're around about 20% of the mix there right now. And if you remember some years ago, we installed a smaller diameter mill and that utilization is picking up quite dramatically.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks Mark. And if I could squeeze in one more here, lumber prices have been obviously astronomically high the last six to nine months. Steel prices have followed the trend, obviously. How much in some cases are you seeing substitution into steel, particularly as it relates to your fabrication book? And maybe some other things as competing products become more expensive as well? Thanks very much.
Mark Millett: Well, we've not seen any - at least I don't - I'm not aware of seeing any substitution threat right now. Obviously, all materials have come up together. But then again steel products are quite unique to replace - in the steel warehouse space where they want large spans, you obviously can't do that with lumber. You may see lumber substitution in high rise buildings in the past, but not in the growth area of distribution warehouses and that sort of thing.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Back concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Miller for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, super. For those that remain on the call, we certainly appreciate your time today and you're support of our company. For our employees, again, hats off to you, it was an absolutely phenomenal quarter and ask you to look after each other out there and be safe. And again, we wouldn't be able to have a phenomenal quarter without our customer base. We got some loyal phenomenal people that we worked with, that we partnered with over the years. So thank you, each and every one of you. With that said, make it a great day and be safe.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. Have a great and safe day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 26, 2021, and your participation implies consent to a recording of this call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually as we are following appropriate social distancing guidelines. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings forward-looking statements and risk factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled in the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2020 Results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full Year 2020 earnings call. I apologize for the early hour, particularly for those that may be on the - coming in from the West Coast, but hopefully, you're going to enjoy the results, nonetheless. Because 2020 was a year of unprecedented health and economic challenge as we navigated the impacts from the coronavirus pandemic. Yet through the extraordinary dedication and passion of the Steel Dynamics team, we took care of one another, while also providing for our families and serving our customers. Protecting the health and welfare of our people is our highest priority. And I want to thank each of them for their continued commitment to each other. I am proud to work alongside each of them. They're a special team, and they continue to do incredible things. Despite the challenges, we achieved best-in-class performance, with a record fabrication volume, strong earnings and steel shipments that were only 1% less than our record year, simply a phenomenal performance, given the conditions. We accomplished these milestones while remembering that none of it matters unless everyone goes home safely at the end of each day. Our safety performance improved in the fourth quarter and notably, our annual 2020 injury severity rate was the lowest in our history. Again, nothing is more important than the health and safety of our people. Safety is and always will be our #1 value. Our safety performance is significantly better than industry statistics, but our aim is to have no injuries, and we will work tirelessly to get there. In order to achieve this, we must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our fellow team members, keep safety top of mind to control safety, both in the traditional sense as it relates to keeping one another in good health. But before I continue, Theresa will provide insights into our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to our entire Steel Dynamics team. As Mark mentioned, we achieved numerous milestones despite the social and economic impacts from the coronavirus. We achieved revenues of $9.6 billion derived from record fabrication shipments and our second highest annual steel shipments. Operating income of $847 million and net income of $551 million or $2.59 per diluted share, and cash flow from operations of $987 million and adjusted EBITDA of $1.2 billion, a truly extraordinary performance considering all the peripheral challenges. Regarding our fourth quarter 2020 performance specifically, net income was $188 million or $0.89 per diluted share, which includes financing costs related to our October 2020 refinancing activities of $0.04 per diluted share. Costs net of capitalized interest associated with the construction of our Sinton, Texas flat-rolled steel mill of $0.05 per diluted share, a noncash asset impairment charge related to noncore oil and gas investments of $17 million or $0.06 per diluted share net of noncontrolling interest; and finally, a tax benefit related to the reduction of a valuation allowance of $13 million or $0.06 per diluted share net of noncontrolling interest. Excluding these items, fourth quarter 2020 adjusted net income was $0.97 per diluted share, above our adjusted guidance of $0.80 to $0.84 per share due to stronger-than-anticipated December flat-rolled steel shipments as order activity remains very strong. Our fourth quarter 2020 revenues were $2.6 billion, 12% higher than sequential third quarter results as steel and metals recycling pricing improved. Our fourth quarter 2020 operating income was $259 million, $103 million or 66% higher than sequential third quarter results. Due to higher realized flat-rolled steel pricing more than offsetting increased scrap costs. As we discuss our business this morning, you'll find that we are positive heading into 2021, considering underlying steel fundamentals and confident in our unique earnings catalyst. All 3 of our operating platforms performed well in 2020 and in the fourth quarter, with the steel metals recycling teams achieving their best quarterly performance of the year. Our steel operations generated $298 million of operating income in the fourth quarter, more than double third quarter sequential earnings as flat-rolled steel selling values increased significantly throughout the fourth quarter driving expanded metal margins. Fourth quarter steel shipments of 2.7 million tons were on par with sequential third quarter volume. Our steel mills operated at 84% of their capability during the quarter, well above the industry average of 72%. For the full year 2020, our steel facilities achieved numerous production and shipment records. The platform's full year operating income was $906 million with shipments of 10.7 million tons, again, representing our second highest volume and only 1% less than our record, a truly phenomenal performance. As a reminder, we still have additional market opportunity. It's mostly in the long product side of our steel operations. Based on our existing annual deal shipping capability of over 13 million tons. And as our new Texas Steel Mill begins ramping up, we will have over 16 million tons of steel shipping capabilities. Our value-added product mix, supply chain differentiation and downstream manufacturing businesses provide a powerful strategic advantage to sustain higher steel mill utilization during all demand environment and to increase our through-cycle cash flow. As overall manufacturing rates improved and domestic steel production increased during 2020, scrap generation and demand strengthened in the fourth quarter, resulting in improved pricing and volume. Operating income from our metals recycling operations was $27 million, 75% higher than the sequential third quarter. For the full year 2020, operating income from our metals recycling business was meaningfully higher than prior year, almost 60% higher at $45 million based on higher and more stable fair scrap prices. Our metals recycling operations provide a competitive advantage for sourcing ferrous scrap for our steel mills, allowing for increased scrap quality, melt efficiency and reduction of company-wide working capital requirements. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both platforms. Our steel fabrication business had solid operating income of $25 million in the fourth quarter compared to sequential third quarter record earnings of $39 million. Lower earnings were the result of seasonally lower shipments and metal spread compression as average selling values declined and steel raw material input cost increase. For the full year 2020, fabrication achieved another record year with operating income of $121 million and volume of 666,000 tons. Congratulations to the team. We continue to see strong order inquiry and customer optimism. Although with rapidly rising steel costs, we will likely see margin compression in the coming months. The order backlog is about a 6-month backlog, and the steel raw material that we put on the ground is generally around 2.5 months of steel inventory. So we're likely to see trough margins sometime in the first quarter for fabrication. But the order entry is very strong right now, and they're actually selling at record high joist-and-deck pricing. So we expect to see that crack very quickly as we go into the second quarter. For our cash flow from operations, our cash generation continues to be incredibly strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable cost structure. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we generated $138 million of cash flow from operations and for the full year, $987 million. We are simply even more agile today than ever before, we more than doubled our average annual free cash flow to $1.2 billion from 2016 to 2020. That's compared to the previous 5-year period. Even in midst coronavirus, we generated $980 million of free cash flow this year. Our 2020 capital investments totaled $1.2 billion, of which $928 million was invested in our new Texas flat-rolled steel mill. For 2021, we currently believe capital investments will be roughly $950 million, with the Texas steel mill representing about $800 million of that amount. The Texas steel mill is expected to be within plan of $1.9 billion. Regarding shareholder distributions, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend at $0.25 per common share after increasing up 4% in the first quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2020, I should say. Since 2016, we've also increased or invested $1.3 billion in our common stock, representing over 15% of our outstanding shares. We repurchased $107 million in 2020 and $444 million remains authorized for repurchase at the end of the year. Additionally, we opportunistically accessed the investment-grade capital markets in both June and October of 2020, extending our debt maturity profile. Since becoming investment grade, we've significantly reduced our effective interest rate from 5.4% to 3.5%. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation, consistent cash flow capability and strong liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We entered 2020 in a position of strength. And ample liquidity, and we remain in a position of strength as we enter 2021. At December 31, 2020, liquidity was over $2.5 billion, comprised of cash of $1.4 billion and our unsecured revolver of $1.2 billion. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes responsible strategic growth with shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that's complemented with a variable share repurchase program, while also being dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit rating. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. We also believe sustainability is a part of our long-term value creation, and we're dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We're committed to operating our business with the highest integrity and have been since our founding. Today, we produce steel using electric-arc-furnace technology with recycled ferrous scrap as the primary raw material. EAF steel production technology currently has the least environmental impact. It is the most cost-effective and provides the most operational flexibility. With the addition of our mills recycling and fabrication platforms, we intentionally developed a vertically connected operating model, created an almost closed-loop manufacturing business, which both benefits us financially and reduces our environmental impact. In 2020, we shared our qualitative climate-related goals in our most recent sustainability report. During 2021, we plan to also adopt quantitative goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, participate in greater renewable energy use and continue to invest in energy efficiency opportunities. We are currently in the process of assessing the use of renewable energy alternatives at our new Texas steel mill as well. Our sustainability and environmental impact strategy is an ongoing journey, and we're moving forward with the intention to make a positive difference. We plan to continue to address these matters and to play a leadership role in developing innovative ways to reduce our impact on the environment. And on a personal note, I want to thank our teams for their passion and generosity and for the care they're showing for one another's health and safety. Thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Well, thanks, Theresa. As you were talking there, it's a great recap, I think, of our financial performance for sure. But the startling metric there, I think you have a team that produced almost $1 billion in free cash flow during a pandemic in an incredible economic downturn. This speaks remarkably for the team that we have. But as you also mentioned, the steel fabrication platform delivered an outstanding performance, achieving record annual earnings and shipments. The nonresidential construction markets remained resilient throughout 2020, especially in areas that support online retail and computing activities, such as warehouses for the retail distribution and cloud computing functions. This continues to be a strong area for our fabrication projects. We ended the year with a record fabrication customer backlog, which is atypical for this time of year as seasonality tends to impact order activity. So I think it bodes well for the future. As steel prices increase quickly, it's likely we'll see near-term margin compression for the fabrication platform. However, the strong steel pricing environment will obviously benefit our steel operations to a much greater degree. This is one of the strengths of the symbiotic nature of the vertical integration of our primary operating platforms. Another is the ability to keep utilization of our steel mills at the highest level. Our fabrication facilities bought almost 460,000 tons of steel from our own steel mills in 2020, helping mitigate the impact of reduced demand in the second quarter, driving a significantly higher utilization rate as compared to the industry as a whole. Our metals recycling operations performed admirably in the wake of a COVID-19 related state mandates and manufacturing disruptions earlier in the year. The team was critical in supplying our steel mills with adequate scrap when supply was severely reduced during the second quarter. Another example of the strength of our vertical operating platforms. As manufacturing resumed mid-year and domestic steel production increased, scrap generation and demand improved significantly in the second half of 2020, culminating in a significant price increase in January '21 of a $100 per gross ton. We believe scrap generation will be strong in 2021 and that pricing will stabilize at moderately lower levels than we have today. The steel team achieved incredible things this year, and I thank everyone involved because it took a team effort in our metals recycling and fabrication teams, our customers and our vendors. Everyone contributed to the performance. Our own steel consuming businesses purchased 1.5 million tons of steel from our steel mills, representing 14% of our total 2020 steel shipments. Clearly, another example of the strength of our vertical operating platforms to mitigate risk and increase through-cycle earnings. As a result of the pandemic, an estimated 15 million tons of higher cost domestic blast furnace flat-rolled steel production was idled in early 2020. Since that time, we believe between 5 million to 6 million tons of net production capacity has resumed. We believe that some of the idle capacity will be permanently off-line due to the high cost required to restart and maintain their operations. We believe this supports our flat roll supply-demand balance theses that the impending additional flat roll capacity will not cause a material supply side imbalance as there are only approximately 6 million tons of new capacity that is planned to start in the next 12 months. Combined with the capacity already restarted, it still doesn't match the tons taken off-line in early 2020. While the overall domestic steel industry operated at 68% utilization, the strength of our differentiated business model, coupled with the passion of our people drove steel dynamics' utilization rate to 86%. Even more remarkable, our flat-rolled steel mills achieved utilization of 97% through the year. In tough environments, the strength of our people and our unique business model becomes even more powerful. As demonstrated this year, during periods of market inflection, we maintained higher volumes compared to our peers, and we gained market share. Uninterrupted low-cost operations help provide customer optionality, value-added product and end market diversification provides flexibility for our commercial teams to go get orders. Unique supply chain solutions create customer value, making us a preferred supplier. And as I mentioned, our internal manufacturing businesses provide meaningful utilization support. We're in an extremely tight flat roll market right now, we can't even supply our internal operations to the extent they would like. Underlying demand for flat-rolled steel recovered much more quickly than expected, coupled with already extremely low supply chain inventories, the flat-rolled steel supply environment tightened in the second half of 2020 and remains extremely tight today. Customers are not yet rebuilding inventory due to limited availability and the speculative risk associated with the accumulation of higher-priced inventory. They appear to be ordering for only immediate needs. As for trade, we believe existing country agreements and legislative steel trade cases that are in place will continue to moderate imports. From an end market perspective, the North American automotive sector has experienced the most rapid rebound, already operating at pre-COVID levels with expectations of production in 2020 of around 16 million units or more. The nonresidential construction sector remains steady as evidenced by record structural and rail division shipments, record steel fabrication shipments and strong customer backlogs. Residential construction has also been strong, generating high demand for related HVAC and appliance products. We're also beginning to see improvements in mining and yellow and green goods at our Engineered Bar Products Division. A slight offset is steel consumption related to the energy sector, which remains historically weak, but is seeing glimpses of turnaround. We are continuing our impressive growth - margin-enhancing growth. We have recently executed several strategic investments that we believe will meaningfully benefit our future through-cycle earnings and free cash flow position. We expanded 2 steel mills by adding 440,000 tons of annual steel rebar production capability, adding product diversification and differentiated customer supply chain. This end market diversification supports higher through-cycle utilization for our structural and Roanoke Bar Steel divisions. The Heartland operations acquired in 2018, continue to expand. The team has been operating at record levels, providing additional internal value-added flat roll production support and operational flexibility for our Butler Flat Roll Division. The acquisition of United Steel Supply has also been an excellent investment. As a regional distributor of prepainted flat-rolled steel construction products, they provide a strategic channel to new, more diversified customers. Our combined brand is powerful in these markets, establishing us as the clear supplier of choice. Since the acquisition of Columbus Flat Roll Division, we have meaningfully increased its through-cycle earnings capability. We have transformed its product portfolio with the expansion of value-added steel products and customer end markets. The team achieved another milestone in July 2020, with a start-up of the new 400,000-ton value-added metallic coating line. Columbus now has 4 value-added coating lines. The investment reduces Columbus's hot-rolled coil exposure and provides a ready southern hot band consumer base for our new Sinton, Texas electric-arc-furnace flat-rolled steel mill when it starts operating later this year. The Sinton investment will be another transformational step function increase to through-cycle cash flow generation, providing next-generation EAF steel production capabilities, new products and new customers. The team's momentum is absolutely unbelievable and to be admired. When you tour the site the excitement there is palpable. We have an incredible depth of experience in the construction, start-up and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we likely have more relevant experience than any other company in the industry. Construction is going well and it's beyond exciting to know we'll be producing steel this coming summer. The new 3 million tons state of the art flat-rolled steel mill will include 2 value-added coating lines, comprised of a 550,000 ton galvanizing line and 250,000 ton paint line. These lines will likely start ahead of the full mill in the second quarter this year using either internally supplied or purchased steel substrate. Our new electric-arc-furnace steel mill is adhering to the same stringent sustainability model as our other steelmaking facilities utilizing state of the art environmental controls and processes to produce high-quality sustainable steel. Our existing electric arc furnace steel mills have a fraction of the greenhouse gas emission and energy intensity of average traditional steelmaking technology. With an 84-inch coil width up to 1 inch thick 100 KSI product, our Texas mill will have product capabilities beyond existing flat-rolled steel producers, competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and steel imports. The town of Sinton provides a strategic location near the Corpus Christi. We have three targeted regional commercial markets for our new steel mill, which represents over 27 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption. In the Southern and Western United States and Mexico. We also plan to effectively compete with the steel imports arriving through Houston and the West Coast. Our customers are excited to have a regional flat-rolled steel supplier, we have 3 customers committed to locate on site, representing over 1 million tons of annual processing and consumption capacity. We're still speaking with several other potential on-site customers as well, those that may build facilities off-site but near our campus. Our location provides a significant freight benefit to most of our intended flat roll customers. Compared to the current domestic supply options, we believe the potential custom savings will be at least $20 to $30 per ton, and some would be much higher. This freight advantage, coupled with much shorter lead times, provides a superior customer supply chain solution, allowing us to be a preferred domestic steel supplier in the southern and Western U.S. and Mexico. It allows us to effectively compete with imports, which inherently have long lead times and speculative price risk. We have also made considerable progress concerning our raw material procurement strategy. We completed the acquisition of a Mexican scrap company in August, which I deem a critical step. The acquisition complements our current metals recycling business in both the U.S. and Mexico. The operations are strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico, and prior to our ownership, they shipped 500,000 gross tons of scrap annually, but they have an estimated annual processing capability of almost 2 million gross tons. We plan to increase the volume quickly and have already had success in doing so. Our performance-based operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel assets positions us incredibly well to successfully execute this transformational growth. We're not simply adding flat-rolled steel production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage, and offer a sustainable alternative to regional imports. Our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through consistent strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, differentiating us from others and demonstrating our sustainability. This has clearly been demonstrated during 2020. Again, our commitment is the health and safety of our people, our families and our communities, all while supporting our vendors, serving our customers and sustaining our value creation journey. Our leadership team and our 10,000 strong SDI family drives our success. Collectively, they are second to none. I thank each of you for your passion, strength and commitment to one another during these uncharted times. You truly drive us to excellence. And finally, a sincere and heartfelt thank you to the health care providers and their families, both within Steel Dynamics and those serving individuals across the world. Thank you, and be safe. Be well. So Kevin, please open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Seth Rosenfeld from Exane BNP Paribas.
Seth Rosenfeld: If I can kick off please with the question on kind of how we're seeing the market develop in the near term. I think everyone on the line's, at this point, quite excited by the strength of the market right now, but skittish on the outlook going into 2021 with prices where they are. Wondering if you can comment on how you're seeing your order book develop in recent weeks? Has there been any slowdown in order intake due to high prices and some concern about price moment and maybe inflecting in the coming months, are we still seeing the same strength you've already talked through that benefited your Q4 performance?
Mark Millett: Well, certainly, I think it's intrigued that one keeps hearing about the issues with the market because - I'm sorry, I don't know whether you heard that. I may have been on mute. But it's intriguing to me that there's concern about the strength of the market because right now, it is absolutely incredible. I know the supply side tightness, but demand is very, very, very, strong. Automotive recovered, and it's going to be 16 million units or so this year and probably more. And that's very, very strong and for us, we continue to gain market share, both at flat roll and engineered bar. We see residential construction is very, very strong. We can't supply enough steel currently to appliance, HVAC. Garage - metal garage door panels are incredibly strong. So that's a very a good sector. And although people are a little concerned about perhaps ABI numbers coming off a little bit, we certainly don't see that in our order book. As both Theresa and I have said, we have record sort of booking in the backlog at our fabrication platform. The retail shift to online sort of purchasing is really driving massive expansion of the warehouses - distribution warehouses. And cloud computing, likewise, is increasing dramatically and has a considerable build-out, too. And if you look at just the momentum, the Steel Joist Institute bookings for last year was 17% up year-over-year at 1.36 million tons. That's a considerable market. Just below their previous record back in 2007. 2020 shipments were up 7%, and we're seeing that momentum carry into this year, and we are very, very happy with where we are from a backlog perspective.
Theresa Wagler: I think, Jim Anderson, this morning told me the market is "red hot."
Mark Millett: Yes. So they're a pretty excited team. Let me tell you. And then you get further down into the demand, you look at the truck trailer material handling. Again, they were anticipating a little bit of a flat to down year, but they are - actually changed that. We're anticipating they're going to be up 20% or more. Yellow goods, green goods, we're seeing very, very, very strong demand, and they're telling us at least the, again we don't know what they're doing with other customer - suppliers. But our order book is going to be substantially up throughout this year. Solar is a growing marketplace and a surprisingly large marketplace. And the only real sort of weak area is the oil patch, and we're seeing glimpses of light even there. But they - typically, even in a strong market, they're only 8% of the total marketplace. So it's not a massive, massive impact. So just generally, we see a very, very positive perspective out there. Our order books are incredibly strong. I wish we could make a lot more steel today because we could certainly sell a lot more steel. And we see it sustaining or persisting through the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Curt Woodworth from Crdit Suisse.
Curt Woodworth: Mark, just had a couple of questions around - you talked about the paint line starting up before the mill. At this point, when do you expect first coil production at Sinton? And is the plan to light both EAFs at the same time? Because I know it's kind of a different configuration with dual EAFs but a single caster. So just curious what the time line is looking like?
Mark Millett: Well, the second question, absolutely. We'll be starting both furnaces up at the same time because we're expecting a strong ramp. And I think it's exciting. Again, even through the challenges of last year, that the project still remains on schedule for a summer start-up. And as Theresa said, it's still remaining on a $1.9 billion budget. And if you have seen the - you get on our website and take a look at the drone video that we continually update each year - I don't know, once a month or - not each year. Once a month...
Theresa Wagler: Not each year. Applicable [indiscernible].
Mark Millett: Yes, you see a big difference each year. But it's - they're making remarkable progress, and it's a massive project. So they've done incredibly well. That doesn't mean to say there haven't been some zigs and zags along the way and likely have some more to come. But the team has done an outstanding job, I think, overcoming the challenges. We have had a few COVID-related delays in equipment and actually more impactful was ocean freight, getting ships to bring it here. But that's no longer an issue. And fortunately, none of that was on the critical path for the project. So again, timing for the project is still on time for a summer start. As I said, the coating lines, the paint line, the galvanizing line and likely the pickle line should be in good shape for the second quarter. Likely as kind of a May-June start there. And we'll be supplying substrate from Columbus likely and purchasing some substrate from third parties.
Operator: Next question is coming from Timna Tanners from Bank of America.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to just ask a little bit about the CapEx. It looks like maybe you're a little light in 2020, and that's the explanation for the higher value for 2021, but wanted to get a little bit more color on how that's progressing. And had heard that Sinton was starting a little later because of COVID delays, but sounds like that's not the case. So if you could clarify those items, please?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, no problem, Timna. From a CapEx perspective, you're actually exactly correct. Simply had about $100 million that shifted from the fourth quarter of 2020 into the first half of 2021. So wherein, as last quarter, I would have suggested CapEx for 2021 would be about $850 million. It's now about $950 million. Unlikely, about $600 million to $700 million of the $950 million will be spent in the first half of the year. As it relates to the time line of Sinton, Mark?
Mark Millett: Yes. I think, Timna, we've always advertised sort of a summer start-up, and that's not changed. Internally, we may have had some more aggressive goals as we typically do within SDI, and if the sun and moon aligned, maybe we could have started up 6 weeks or so earlier. But again, I've got absolutely no problems, no concerns there right now. Everything is progressing well, and the team is doing a phenomenal job.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Chris Terry from Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Terry: Mark and Theresa. I had a question just around working capital. As we think about 2021 and the higher price environment and then also the integration of Sinton. I just wondered if you could talk through maybe a first half and second half '21 expectations on working capital.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, absolutely. Chris. From the perspective of Sinton stand-alone, Sinton is likely to have a working capital ramp of somewhere around $130 million to $150 million, including all of the inventory and receivables. That will be a ramp. So in the second half of the year. You might get some of the raw materials, so maybe $50 million to $60 million in the first half. But most of that will come second half of 2021 and then into the first half of 2022. As it relates to company-wide working capital, you would have seen that we did have a draw of about $200 million in the fourth quarter related to primarily pricing of raw materials and of finished goods that would be in inventory at that point in time. You're likely to see a bit more of a draw as we're expecting to have higher prices and volumes sustained into the first quarter, but not as much of a draw as you saw in the fourth quarter. So I would say the first half, you're going to see a draw more than you typically would see. Second half, you'd see that moderate.
Christopher Terry: And then just in terms of the overall capital structure and the buyback, how are you thinking about that in terms of Sinton in the middle of the year and maybe second half?
Theresa Wagler: So from a capital allocation perspective, obviously, we're still focused on a big capital investment year in 2021. That being said, the cash flow generation that we've been having is quite strong, and we would expect to see that continue in 2021. So from a capital allocation perspective, we would expect to see the positive dividend profile continue. Once Sinton is up and running, that's likely going to be an opportunity for another kind of step function increase in our dividend policy as we like to grow the dividend with sustainable free cash flow. As we have excess cash flow along the way, that's with the share buyback programs for it's to complement the dividend profile because we see the dividends as forever. So you're likely to see us start to look for opportunities potentially from time to time in the market from a share buyback once we get past more of the larger spend for Sinton in the first half of the year. Mark, is that...
Mark Millett: Yes.
Theresa Wagler: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Carlos De Alba from Morgan Stanley.
Carlos De Alba: Mark and Theresa. Just in terms of the potential infrastructure package, there are comments about $1.5 billion potential stimulus in the second half of the year. How do you see that benefit still demand in the U.S. and steel dynamics in particular? I don't know if you can - you have a sense of the volumes or - yes, that you could benefit from it.
Mark Millett: I think the - it's certainly more than likely that we will see an infrastructure package, as you know, which is going to be a great sort of general benefit. But right now, it's difficult to discern where those dollars are going to be spent specifically and hence, where the impact will be from a volume perspective. Certainly, just the upward momentum that it will provide the economy in general will certainly help us. And any actual infrastructure, steel consuming infrastructure projects will be to our benefit. But to actually try to estimate, calculate a volume when you don't really know where the dollars are going to be spent, I think that it would be disingenuous for us to suggest.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets.
David Gagliano: I just want to ask a little bit about the scrap market and how scrap costs are flowing through the results? Just obviously, historically, steel dynamics has - typically reports quarter-over-quarter changes in scrap costs that are typically less than the change that we've seen in the public market or domain. But this quarter was a pretty big spread. And I'm just wondering, is any of that timing related? Should we be thinking about - how should we be thinking about the first quarter in terms of the scrap input costs? And also if you could just also share your views on the near-term outlook on scrap beyond what looks to be down in February?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. I'm going to let Mark talk about the scrap markets. But as it relates to the scrap flows, there really hasn't been any change. We're still turning inventories on a monthly basis, both at the mills recycling operations, and we tend to keep somewhere between 3 to 4 weeks on the ground at the steel mills. So I can't really address why it may have been greater than you typically see, but there hasn't been a change in how we're using or accounting for the scrap.
Mark Millett: Yes. Well, I guess, the only impact would be it's such a rapid increase in a short period of time, and you're seeing the difference between the market and our inventory. But just in the scrap market as a whole, obviously, it's gone up some the last month or two, quite considerably. We would imagine that we'll retreat from the current highs or moderate somewhat. It's not going to take all a couple of hundred dollars back, but it's going to retreat, we believe, because the strong pricing is driven a substantial increase in the flow, particularly the obsolete grades. People are out there collecting it's flowing in dramatically, and the industry has actually dropped the scale prices. And so I would expect the market prices to drop over the next couple of months. For prime scrap, flows are fully reestablished in connectivity with the automotive business coming back. We expect prices there to soften, but not quite as much as obsolete grades. So the shred to prime spread will likely expand a little more than it is today. And we think the export market will remain relatively soft. And so there's - again, we feel pricing is going to moderate. I think despite China listing its import restrictions, it's not going to impact the ferrous market dramatically, not in the U.S. anyway. But it is going to give us - or has given us significant upside on nonferrous. Obviously, as many of you know the nonferrous, the copper, aluminum absorber, those sorts of grades, really didn't have much of a home for the last year or so. With them opening up, they're able to increase the margins there. So I think that's a positive for us.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andreas Bokkenheuser from UBS.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Just a follow-up on scrap actually and something we've talked to you about before as well about availability of scrap in the U.S. market. I think you guys have always maintained your view that there is plenty of scrap in the U.S. market for everyone to go around. Does that change now given the new import rules in China? I mean, China obviously reopening that goes for seaborne scrap. And it's obviously not a large seaborne market. So do you think do you think that could go in and kind of tighten the market and maybe even lead to some consolidation of mills in the U.S. they're buying more scrap yards in the same way you guys did in Mexico recently? Or do you still see the U.S. scrap market pretty well supplied? That's my question.
Mark Millett: Well, I can't speak for other companies. I would suggest that, as we've said in the past, we will expand or grow to support our steel mills regionally. So we did that. We bought some Sims yards around our Columbus facility, just to baseload that mill. And Zimmer, obviously, is destined to supply some scrap to Sinton quite cost effectively. So you may see us, again, just add smaller opportunities, but we're not going to be in consolidating the whole scrap market or anything like that, for sure. Regarding scrap supply, I think you're seeing what has been typical in the past. Scrap is incredibly elastic. Certainly, the obsolete grades are incredibly elastic and has - as scrap pricing has increased dramatically in the last month or 2, it's amazing how folks get out there and that flow increases dramatically. And so I don't see a long-term issue with scrap supply in any way shape or form.
Theresa Wagler: I think one just has to - so as we look at scrap generation, we see it continuing to increase. We see it increasing even more quickly than potentially some of the additional demand that will be derived from some of the new EAF capacity coming online domestically. But one also has to look at the additional HBI, DRI and other projects that are either coming online, have been announced or being contemplated by even the blast furnace participants. So I think there should be ample raw material as Mark's said.
Mark Millett: And with the rationalization of the integrated side of the industry, it's quite possible that you just start to see them actually produce pig iron, which would help the supply balance - supply-demand balance as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Philip Gibbs: Theresa, the question I had was just on the flat-rolled shipments by grade, if you had that handy?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. I'm sorry, I made you ask, I skipped over. I didn't mean to. So hot-rolled and P&O for the quarter was 749,000 tons, cold rolled, 139,000 tons, and coated products were 973,000 tons for a total of about 1.9 million tons of flat roll.
Philip Gibbs: And the coated number again, I'm sorry?
Theresa Wagler: The coated number was 973,000 tons.
Operator: Next question is coming from John Tumazos from John Tumazos Very Independent.
John Tumazos: The forward curve for the hot-rolled sheet contract is over 6 months, down $367. I'm not sure I understand that. But do you think the forward curve reflects new supply, so let's just say 1 million tons more flat rolled, 1 million tons more long products? Or do you think the forward curve reflects a fall in the price of iron units? Your mill is only going to be 0.25 million tons a month. Not 1 million or 2 million tons a month and you'll probably just be striking an arc by August where the forward curve is down $367. It seems to me that market's anticipating a lot of supply. I'm not sure where it is, but I appreciate your view, Mark?
Mark Millett: Well, John, simply, I don't understand it either. Again, as I tried to suggest earlier, this isn't just a supply side tightness. Demand, the markets are incredibly strong and robust right now. And we see that persisting. Certainly very, very, very strong first half, and I think it's going to continue into the second half. And I don't see any appreciable change or driver out there to change that. To your point, okay, we're out a few tons here, incremental tons relatively to the market anyway, the second half of the year. Big River reportedly is running. We don't see them in the marketplace necessarily, but they have got their capacity up and running pretty strong from all reports. So there's not that additional capacity there. So I don't see where the relief is going to be. I don't see, to be honest, the Biden administration changing the trade environment materially, at least not near term. I think they recognize that China is a massive threat. Their approach to them might be different than the Trump administration. They will likely ally with our friends in Europe and in places. But they're not - they will likely change 2.32, but I think they will be very cognizant that there needs to be trade controls there. And there are underlying legislative trade constraints in place that aren't just an executive order, they're legislated, and they're going to be there for years to come, Section 201 countervailing duties and [indiscernible]. So I don't see necessarily the - an import flood. The arbitrage certainly has grown to China. But nonetheless, lead times are months and months out. And you see some specialty items coming in, but I don't see any dramatic change in the import profile. So I don't see where the pressure comes off the accelerator to drop $370 here in the next, whatever it is, 6 months. So I agree. I don't understand it either. We don't see - we certainly don't see it within the fundamental drivers of the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Tyler Kenyon from Cowen and Company.
Tyler Kenyon: Mark and Theresa. Certainly as you've addressed some potential tailwinds for coming from infrastructure spending. But I was just curious if you had any thoughts on how the suspension of border wall construction and the cancellation of the XL pipeline, how that could maybe impact the steel demand and/or scrap supply. I mean, I think we were reading through the Department of Homeland Security that pretty close to 700,000 tons of steel has been consumed since 2008 on the border wall. So yes, the question is, how do you see that impacting the market? And has steel dynamics been participating in supplying steel to any of these projects?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the border wall, to be honest, was relatively incremental. We didn't see much of that product. And that tends to be at the low end, commodity hot band side of the business that we tend not to play in, to any great extent anyway. So - but I don't see that as a massive impact to demand.
Theresa Wagler: The XL pipeline is hard to tell how much that may have an influence and what the Biden administration may do going forward with additional kind of oil and gas, obviously, is not going to help. From that perspective as Mark said, at least in the fourth quarter, which was prior to some of these things happening, we were starting to see some orders come in from those customers, both at Columbus and at our Engineered Bar Products Division, where we would have the most impact. But I just think it's a little too early to tell.
Mark Millett: Well, and that pipeline - actually, our pipeline, to be honest, a massive amount of that pipe has already been made and is laying on the ground. So it's not going to have a massive impact.
Tyler Kenyon: Got it. And then just, Theresa, just 1 last one, just on cash taxes, if your, I think in the last call, you guided to a pretty, pretty low cash tax rate. Just curious if that's changed significantly? And maybe how we should be thinking about that rate moving even into 2022?
Theresa Wagler: Well, in 2021, the provisions that allow us to expense the fixed asset investment once we start-up Sinton are still in place. So as long as those provisions are still in place, we'll be able to basically pay maybe 3% state cash taxes in 2020 and likely remain very low - I'm sorry, in 2021 and likely remain very low in 2022 as well. But obviously, we need to watch the administration and things that may change according to that. But right now, we're still planning on the benefit in total being somewhere around $300 million to $350 million of cash tax savings between 2021 and 2022.
Operator: Our next question today is a follow-up from David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets.
David Gagliano: Just to circle back on the scrap question, sorry to ask another scrap question. Just on the near term, it's to help calibrate expectations on our side. If we start with the assumption that scrap prices actually don't change for the remainder of the quarter. I realize that's not the view, but if we assume that they don't change, just from a timing perspective, what should we expect for the scrap cost change quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Well, again, for us, David, from a scrap mix perspective, the mills keep 3 to 4 months on hand. So whatever your estimation would be from - I'm sorry, weeks on hand. So whatever your estimation would be from an index perspective, you can just apply that, and you're going to get very close to what will actually happen.
Operator: We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back for any further or closing comments.
Mark Millett: Well, to those on the phone still, we certainly appreciate you're listening in and you're supportive of your company. And I think it's just one last comment that, I guess, didn't really come out clearly. People are focused on price, and it's not price that matters, we're a margin. We're a metal spread business. And again, we anticipate a very strong demand year that's going to support pricing on the price side on the market side. Supply side, inventories remain very, very low. We expect import activity to remain very moderate. A significant portion of the idled blast furnace capacity, we expect to remain down, and lead times are extended. So you couple that with a moderating scrap environment, we see that metal spreads themselves are going to persist sort of higher than the normal through-cycle levels and should be very, very helpful for us, and we're anticipating a remarkable year, in all honesty. That being said, to our customers out there, folks, we had an absolutely phenomenal year - last year, and we couldn't do it without you. So thank you for your support. Similarly for our vendors and service providers. Thank you. And most importantly, thank you to each and every employee out there. It was an absolutely tremendous year. I think it vulcanizes or just affirms our business model, that we are a differentiated company. To make $1 billion of free cash in a year like that, I think just spells out clearly that we're a different company today. And with Sinton coming online, it's going to add 25% to our steelmaking capability. That's going to be a significant step function increase in our through-cycle cash generation. So we've done a phenomenal job, and we're going to keep doing it, and we can't do it without each and every one of you. So thank you. Go ahead, have a great day. Be safe, stay healthy.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 20, 2020 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Shomali. Good morning and welcome to Steel Dynamics third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually, as we are all following appropriate social distancing guidelines. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive; typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the relating press release, as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2020 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. We appreciate your time and thanks for joining us today. We continue to operate safely and are still closely monitoring the COVID-19 situation. Protecting the health and welfare of our teams is our highest priority. I thank each of them for their continued diligence and commitment. I'm incredibly proud to work alongside each of them, especially during this unsettled time. They are a very special group, accomplishing extraordinary things. We are committed to them, their families and our communities, all while supporting our suppliers and meeting the needs of our customers. So without further ado, I will hand the mike to Teresa to provide further insights into our strong third quarter performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Our third quarter 2020 net income was $100 million or $0.47 per diluted share above our guidance of $0.42 to $0.46 per share due to stronger than anticipated flat rolled steel shipments and metals recycling earnings. Our third quarter results were reduced by cost net of capitalized interest associated with the construction of our Sinton Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill of approximately $0.04 per diluted share. Excluding these construction costs, third quarter 2020 adjusted net income was $0.51 per diluted share, also above our adjusted guidance of $0.46 to $0.50 per share. One comment before proceeding, the compatibility of third quarter 2020 financial results to prior year amounts isn't favorable. But to achieve what our teams have achieved in this environment is simply incredible. And I want to add to Mark's comments and sincerely thank and congratulate them. Our third quarter 2020 revenues were $2.3 billion, 11% higher than second quarter sequential results, as volumes improved across all three operating platforms. Our third quarter 2020 operating income was $156 million, fairly steady with the sequential second quarter, but 32% lower than prior year results due to lower steel prices resulting in metal spread compression. However, currently, we've experienced a very strong rebound in domestic steel demand from the second quarter sequential COVID-19 induced trough environment. Customers steel inventory levels were extremely low entering the second quarter, and then were drawn down even further based on market uncertainty. From an operating platform perspective, our steel operations delivered an outstanding performance during this challenging time. Third quarter steel shipments of 2.7 million ton were 7% higher than the sequential second quarter shipments, and on par with prior year's third quarter volume. Our steel mills operated at 85% of their capability, while the rest of the domestic industry operated at only 64%. Due to the momentum from our record first quarter volume, our year-to-date steel shipments are only 1% lower than in 2019. Our ability to maintain higher steel volumes is a result of our value added highly diversified product offerings, our supply chain differentiation and our internal downstream manufacturing businesses. However, based on timing and the impact of flat roll contract related sales, our average quarterly realized steel price per ton declined sequentially, more than offsetting the benefit of lower scrap costs and higher volumes. Our average quarterly realized external steel sales price decreased $21 per ton sequentially to $734 in the third quarter, an average scrap costs only declined $7 per ton, resulting in steel metal margin compression. The result was third quarter 2020 operating income of $144 million for our steel operation, 17% lower than the sequential second quarter.  As states began reopening and domestic manufacturing improved, scrap supply and collection increased. This in combination with higher domestic steel production drove significantly higher ferrous scrap volume. Our operating income from our mills recycling operations was $15 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a $6 million loss in the sequential second quarter. We also are benefiting from the addition of Zimmer, our newly acquired Mexican metals recycling business. The acquisition was completed in August. It's a key cog in our ongoing raw material strategy for our new Texas Steel Mill. Our Metals Recycling Operations provide a competitive advantage for sourcing ferrous scrap or steel mills allowing for increased scrap quality; melt efficiency and reduction of company wide working capital. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both platforms. Our Steel Fabrication business had a record operating income of $39 million in the third quarter, compared to sequential results of $27 million due to record shipments and margin expansion as product pricing increased while steel input costs declined. We continue to experience a strong order backlog and customers remain positive concerning our non residential construction projects. In fact, the Steel and Joist Institute recorded one of its strongest historical booking months this last September. Our cash generation continues to be strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable cost structure. During the third quarter of 2020, we generated $152 million of cash flow from operations and $849 million during the first nine months of the year. We also invested $855 million in fixed assets, of which $640 million was invested in our new Texas Flat Rolls Steel Mill. For the fourth quarter of 2020, we believe capital investments will be roughly $400 million, of which our new Texas Steel Mill represents $360 million. We currently estimate capital investments for the full year of 2021 to be in the range of $850 million, with the Texas Steel Mill representing about $700 million of that amount as their operations are still expected to begin mid year 2021. In addition, I've been getting a lot of questions about our effective tax rate. For 2020, the effective cash tax rate will be approximately 20% for the year. However, based on credits we expect to receive due to the certain Sinton Texas Mill, we would expect 2020 cash taxes to only be approximately 3%. Regarding shareholder distributions, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend at $0.25 per common share after increasing at 4% in the first quarter of this year. Since 2016, we've also invested $1.3 billion in our common stock, representing over 15% of our outstanding shares, and $444 million remains authorized for repurchase at the end of the third quarter.  Additionally, we opportunistically access the investment grade capital markets in both June and October of this year, extending our debt maturity profile and significantly reducing our effective interest rate. We're thrilled with the differentiation our investment grade bond investors recognize that Steel Dynamics provides in our fundamental free cash flow generation capability on a through cycle basis. As evident in October, we issued $350 million of 1.65%, seven year paper, and $400 million as 3.25% 30 year paper with proceeds intended to refinance our existing 2025 notes, and other general corporate purposes. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation, consistent cash flow capability and strong liquidity profile, demonstrating our confidence and our sustainable through cash strong generation. We enter 2020 in a position of strength with ample cash and available liquidity of $2.8 billion. And at the end of the third quarter, we maintain strong liquidity of $2.5 billion comprised of cash of $1.3 billion and our fully available revolving unsecured credit facility of $1.2 billion. Pro forma our October financing activities, our liquidity would have been $2.8 billion. As a reminder, you're seeing this is our performance in the current market environment. And you can look historically at our financial performance to determine either a future trough or peak, we've grown significantly transformed our Columbus Flat Roll division, further diversified our steel product offerings and incorporated even more levers to increase our through cycles financial performance.  In addition, collectively, our primary reason and plan strategic growth investments provide an estimated incremental annual future EBITDA of over $425 million on a through cycle historical spread basis. This estimate includes our Texas Steel Mill and third Columbus Metallic Coating line, as well as our two operational rebar expansions. We are simply even more agile today than ever before. We more than doubled our annual free cash flow from operations to $1.1 billion from 2015 to 2019, compared to 2010 to 2014. We are dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit rating, our capital allocation strategy prioritizes responsible strategic growth with appropriate shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of the sustainable optimized long-term value creation. Some of you also use some more detailed information for flat roll operations. I'll give you the third quarter shipment profile now; our hot roll coiled shipments for the third quarter were 803,000 tons. Our cold rolled shipments were 144,000 tons. And our coated shipments were 1,013,000 tons for a total of 1,960,000 tons. And on a personal note, I really do want to thank our teams for their passion and their generosity, and really the care they're showing for each other's health and safety. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Teresa. Thank you for clearly articulating the differentiation of SDI amongst its competition, I think we've just navigated just navigated to an incredible cycle, then turn and then recovery and the performance that our team is turned in is just the beyond words, it's humbling. And speaking of them, in the end, nothing really is more important than the safety of our team. Safety is and always will be our number one value. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages, but our continued goal is to have no injuries among our people. Our safety performance is further improved from a severity perspective. However, among some of the operating platforms, our third quarter safety results were not what we would like to see for our teams. We all must be continuous aware of our surroundings, and our fellow team members, I asked all of us to keep safety top of mind to control safety, we can take charge of safety, both in the traditional sense as it relates to keeping one another in good health.  Steel Fabrication platform delivered a remarkable third quarter performance with record quarterly volume and earnings. Our fabrication order backlog remains strong is higher than it was this time last year, and in fact higher than 2018. Customers remain positive concerning non residential construction projects. We anticipate the strength remaining through the rest of this year and into 2021. The metals recycling volumes and earnings also meaningfully improved in the third quarter. As states rescinded shelter in place mandates, and the automotive supply chain restarted, scrap flows dramatically improved through the third quarter. The same time domestic steel production utilization increased from an average 56% to an estimated 64% and first scraps demand significantly improved. As flows continue to increase and steel production remains steady. We believe scrap prices should remain fairly stable through the remainder of the year, with likely seasonal price appreciation in December, January timeframe.  We also welcome the Zimmer team into the Steel Dynamics family. The addition of this Mexican metals recycling business is a meaningful step in our raw material sourcing strategy for our Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill. The combination of Zimmer with our existing operations has already resulted in new business, and we're excited for the continued growth. The steel team continues to achieve an outstanding performance, especially considering the environment and a sincere thank you to all involved, especially our customers for helping us achieve volumes that only modestly less than record shipments achieved in the first quarter of this year. As a result of COVID-19 related implications, a considerable number of high cost blast furnaces flat roll steel operations were idled earlier this year, potentially as much as 15 million tons. Since that timeframe, as steel demand and pricing has improved, an estimated 5 to 6 million tons has been brought back online. Although some additional volume may return, we don't believe all of it will come back. The cost of restart along with through cycle market pricing not supporting ongoing profitability will likely keep significant volume curtailed, offsetting the new capacity increases to be seen over the next 24 months.  While the overall domestic industry operated only 64%; the strength of our differentiated business model, coupled with the passion of our people drove SDI steel mill production utilization to 85%. Even more remarkable, our flat roll steel mills achieve utilization 99%. In tough environments, the strength of our people and our superior business model become even more evident. As demonstrated this year, during periods of market inflection we maintain higher volumes compared to our steel peers and gain market share. And uninterrupted low cost operations provide the greatest customer optionality. Our broad product portfolio and end market diversification within value added market niches drives flexibility for our commercial teams.  Superior Supply Chain Solutions create additional value for our customers, making us a preferred place to shop. Furthermore, a powerful driver is the optionality of internal steel sourcing from our captive manufacturing businesses, what we call pull through volume. To put this in perspective, our steel fabrication platform and steel processing locations purchased 2.3 million tons of steel in 2019. Only about half of this volume is typically sourced from SDI own steel mills, but in difficult markets, where the option to direct the higher proportion of these orders internally. As states continue to reopen to varying degrees, many steel consuming businesses have resumed operations. At the same time, customer inventory levels have been reduced to extremely low levels. This combination of increasing demand coupled with low inventory reserves has resulted in a tight flat roll steel supply environment. As a result, lead times stretched out and flat roll steel pricing has significantly improved. The hot rolled coil CIU Price Index increased almost $160 per ton from the beginning of August to September, and has since increased another $40 to $50 per ton. The automotive supply chain has experienced the most significant recovery, attending production levels of either close to or in some cases more than pre-COVID levels of concern. Our construction sector remains resilient and related steel demand has been steady as evidenced by our structural rail division volume, and our record steel fabrication shipments and strong customer backlog. The order activity from our construction sector customers combined with strength in our steel fabrication order backlog support our optimism for continued strength through the rest of this year, heading into 2021. Residential Construction has also been surprisingly strong, generating high demand for HVAC and appliance products. The energy sector though continues to be structurally weak and will likely require long than recovery period. Related to our growth, we have a summary update of recent investments in our most recently investor deck. In the last 12 to 24 months, we've executed several strategic investments that have already or will meaningfully benefit our through cycle earnings and free cash flow position. We expanded two steel mills by the combined addition of 440,000 tons of annual steel rebar production capability, providing product diversification and a differentiated customer supply chain. This end market diversification is providing for hire through cycle utilization for our structural and Roanoke steel divisions. We continue to expand capacity at Harlan. It is an 800,000 ton value added flat roll steel processor. The team has been operating at record levels, providing additional internal production support and operational flexibility for our Butler Flat Roll division, increasing the utilization of our steel assets and broadening our value added product portfolio. The acquisition of 75% of United Steel Supply has also been an excellent investment in addition to our portfolio. As a local distributor of pre painted construction products, it has provided meaningful channels and new more diversified customers. United Steel Supply continues to break shipping records. Since the acquisition of Columbus Flat Roll division in 2014, we have meaningfully increased it through cycling and its capability. We've transformed its product portfolio with the expansion of its value added steel capabilities and the diversification of its customer base.  The team achieved another milestone in July with a startup of a new 400,000 ton of value add coating line. Columbus now has four higher margin coating lines there. The investment both reduces Columbus' hot roll coil exposure and provides a ready Southern hot band consumer base for our Sinton Texas Steel Mill. We remain incredibly excited about the new generation of flat rolled steel mill, is significant contribution to our growth and future earnings capability. As Theresa explained, we purposefully ended 2020 from a point of financial strength, providing ample liquidity for the required investment associated with this transformational project. Our team has incredible depth of experience in the construction, startup and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we believe they have more experience than exists in any other company in our industry. The Texas' team's performance and momentum continues to be absolutely remarkable. Construction is going extremely well. We're still on track for a mid year 2021 start date. We're having frequent conversations with equipment suppliers regarding the impact of COVID-19 and currently don't believe our planned schedule has been meaningfully impacted. The new state of the art 3 million tons steel mill will include two value added coating lines, comprised of 550,000 tons of galvanizing and 250,000 tons of prepaint. We'll follow the same stringent sustainability model as either steel making facilities with state of the art environmental controls and processes. Our existing steel mills have a fraction of the greenhouse gas emission and energy intensity of average traditional steel making technology. With an 84-inch coil width and up to one inch thick, 100 KSI products; the Texas mill will have capabilities beyond the existing electric arc furnace produces competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. The Steel Mill is strategically located in Central Texas, near Corpus Christi. We have three target regional sales markets for the Sinton Mill, representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat roll steel consumption. In the Southern and West Coast, United States and Mexico. We also plan to effectively compete with heavy imports in Houston and the West Coast. Our customers are excited to have a regional flat roll steel supplier. We now have three customers committed to locate on site representing between 800,000 and a million tons of annual processing and consumption capacity; we're still speaking with several other interested parties. The Sinton location provides a significant freight benefit to most of our intended customers relative to the current supply chain options. This trade advantage coupled with much shorter lead times; provides a superior customer supply chain, allowing us to be the preferred domestic steel supplier in the South and Western US. It also allows us to effectively compete with imports, which inherently have long lead times and speculative price risk. We've also made considerable progress concerning our raw material strategy for Sinton. As I mentioned, we completed the acquisition of a Mexican scrap company in August. This is a critical step in our strategy; the acquisition complements our current metals recycling business in both the US and Mexico, and Zimmer's operations are strategically located near high volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. Prior to our ownership, they shipped approximately 500,000 gross tons of scrap annually, but they have an estimated annual processing capability of almost 2 million gross tons a year, we plan to ramp up that volume quickly. We believe our performance based operating culture, coupled with our consumer experience in successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel mills positions is incredibly well to successfully execute the transformational Texas growth investment. We're not simply adding the flat roll production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and offer an important import alternative to a region in need of options. Our unique culture and the execution of a long-term strategy continue to strengthen our financial position through consistent, strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation. Clearly differentiates us from our competition and demonstrating our sustainability.  This is clearly been demonstrated during the past two quarters. Again, our commitment is to the health and safety of our people, our families and our communities, all while supporting our vendors serving our customers, and sustaining our value creation journey. Our team is extraordinary. And I would like to thank each of them for their patience, resilience and commitment during these uncharted times. They have an indomitable spirit that drives us to excellent. Additionally, a sincere and heartfelt thank you to the healthcare providers and their families within steel Nanites and those serving individuals across the world.  Thank you, be safe, and be well. So Shomali, please open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Seth Rosenfeld with Exane BNP Paribas.
SethRosenfeld: Good morning. Thank you for taking our questions today. If I can kick off please just with a question on kind of the near to medium term outlook for demand. In your prepared remarks you presented quite an optimistic outlook on steel demand highlighting both autos and construction. Can you just speak with regards to the outlook for Q4? How should we expect the trade off between the kinds of post COVID real demand recovery to potentially offset by normal seasonality that we've seen in the years past? What should we expect per shipments in your mills and fab businesses over that time period? And then just a follow up on that with regards to construction in particular, your comments with regards to the backlog in particular can be much more positive, we heard last week from one of your peers. Can you speak a bit about the regions or maybe the private versus public sector mix that's contributing to the optimism? Thank you.
MarkMillett: Certainly, I would carry my comments that, as I've said in the past, you can, I think always clearly see what's happening in the marketplace through one's order book. And I think our order books across our space are in pretty good shape. But generally, obviously, fat roll demand is going to cutting probably strong momentum. There's a robust market recovery there, inventories are at almost a starkly low levels. We have low import activity, there's a -- although is diminishing, the arbitrage is still somewhat unattractive. So the supply side is very, very tight; lead times, as you see are extending; mills are -- some mills anyway have late deliveries. And all-in-all, that's driving market pricing up significantly, quite helpfully.  That being said, obviously, our third quarter results were impacted by sort of contract pricing lag. And that will revert obviously in Q4, but just specifically to the market times up in automotive, the US producers have I think achieved their anticipated 90% run rate, pre-COVID run rates. And I would say that the European producers actually are exceeding that. They're more than 100% of pre-COVID for sure. And that's being supported, obviously by low inventory levels in the dealerships. Dealerships that I talked to are struggling to get product. And I think if you look at just the automotive market in general, it's supports that; used car prices are extremely high today. And interestingly, that's somehow an impact on the scrap market. Because hoaxer, the pickup guys are keeping their cars longer.  And it's given a little tightness to the scrap supply. But nonetheless, it's a good market environment. And we believe that's going to continue. The low interest rate environment is obviously a positive as our low gas prices. I saw just yesterday, our gas prices dropped to $1 95. And so that tends to help certainly the truck sales. And I think generally, that's going to continue, the sort of urban desertion of people moving out of the cities. Rideshare sharing and Uber and most not necessarily as available. And people are needing cars. And I think automotives will remain strong. It's not just a sort of a two month three month replenishment of inventory. In that environment, we've been fortunate, we've been gaining market share. And I think both in flat roll and in MSPQ, just generally manufacturing is strong. We see residential construction, incredibly strong. And I think that's having an impact both the new construction and HVAC and appliance and garage door products, but also kind of the do-it-yourself renovation projects. There's been a change, I think, in consumer spending, people are not going out as much; they see themselves not going on vacations. And so they are actually I think spending that cash closer to home. And I think that's a positive going to next year for sure. Energy, low gas prices, low energy prices; global demand is there. So I think that's going to be weak for some time to come. A very, very strong positive is non residential construction. It's been in all honesty, incredibly resilient.  We see that in sort of heavy structural products demand fabricators are busy. Service center processes are buying stock off of our floor. And so I think there's generally low inventory through the supply chain there. And if you look at the Steel Joist Institute information, I think is incredibly persuasive. In September, Steel Joist Institute bookings were its third highest month in history; bookings are about 10% year-over-year. And it's largely driven by warehouse expansion and you keep seeing the e- commerce increasing; e-commerce in the first quarter at 11%, last quarter is about 16%. So the Amazons of the world are the distribution channel is going to remain strong. I think just yesterday, on Bloomberg, you saw Amazon reporting that they're going to be constructing about a 1,000 warehouses in the next year or two. So that business is going to be incredibly, incredibly positive, going forward. And that's translating into sort of a record backlog for new millennium, and is obviously [Indiscernible] into strong building products on the flat roll side of our business. It's HVAC pre paint is very, very strong. So I think, generally, it's a very, very positive environment, and we're very bullish. Again, you can tell what may happen as the pandemic continue to unravel. But through our eyes, through our order book today, is an incredibly solid, positive upward momentum.
TheresaWagler: So, Seth, your other questions related to the mix between private and public sector on the construction side, I would tell you that it's very heavily weighted at this point to private sector. Hopefully, if maybe some things happen in Washington, it could get more into the public sector eventually. But we're not seeing that at this point to Mark's earlier comments. And from a seasonality perspective as it relates to volumes. And we did come off record volumes for the fabrication, I'm not sure that will stay as strong, but we'd expect to see very strong shipments heading into the fourth quarter. And the split on the steel side, you really I think need to look at a split between long products and flat products. It's our estimation that given the strong demand that is existing today for the flat rolled products, I doubt you're going to see a lot of seasonality, or at least much less than you would see typically. And the long product, you're likely to see some but again, I think coming off of the very weak second quarter, we would expect to see some momentum carry into the fourth quarter environment and meet that seasonality impact.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.
ChristopherTerry: Hi, Mark and Theresa. And a quick question for me, your utilization rate is about 20% above the industry, I think you said you had market share gains in autos, just wanted if you could elaborate on other product basis or end markets where you're getting those market gains from. Thanks.
MarkMillett: I think from automotive perspective, we are, the fact that we remain running, gave customer base optionality and just the availability of product for one thing, but secondly, the whole ESG sustainability story, I think is planning incredibly well for us and for electric arc furnace produces, particularly with the Europeans in all honesty and as they see their North American options. The fact that we have a wonderful sort of recycling ESG story is helping us now. So I think in the market share automotive is strong, also SPQ in auto, obviously, we constructed and ramped up the smaller diameter mill there some years ago. We're seeing some positive market share gains there as well.
TheresaWagler: And, I guess, the other component I would add is that with the advent of having reinforcing bar as a product set as we enter the market, we've been seeing some positive momentum from that as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Timna Tanners from with Bank of America.
TimnaTanners: Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to dive in a little bit more if you could on the recycling and fabricated. I think my question that was maybe answered a bit but just those were really strong rebounds sequentially and even strong from a trend basis. So I was hoping that you could tell us how sustainable those might be and fab may have had a bit margin expansion on the low steel price maybe that reverses, but just in general terms like is that a good new run rate or what to think about going forward in those areas?
TheresaWagler: Well, certainly for scrapped, Timna, we would see that going forward. Obviously in that business, it's kind of an inventory flow. You buy one month and you sell the next month. So when you have a stable pricing environment, one tends to do a lot better, as opposed to the periods where you just see progressive downward pricing trends month over month, and obviously volume played a big role in recycling.
TheresaWagler: Yes, from a recycling perspective, I'd say that remember we did close on the Mexican scrap company in the first part of August, which was actually very beneficial; we find that the Mexican market is a little bit different than domestic market. So it might be a natural hedge going forward as well. In addition to that, to Mark's point, if domestic steel productions phase very strong, which we expected to stay strong in the fourth quarter, you're going to see that volume come to metal recycling arena. So we would expect it to be very steady as not improving. And I think for the fabrication, you really kind of hit it a bit too in that with the low raw material input costs it had, it really did benefit from where the steel mills sort of suffered in the second quarter. So you will see that sustainable for a little while. But as steel prices continue to increase, it's not likely that you're going to get dollar for dollar margin expansion in fabrication, but we do expect to see still very strong volumes and good results.
TimnaTanners: Got you. Okay. Thanks. And then my second question was if you could just discuss a little bit more the outlook for CapEx as a couple things I wanted to follow up on. So one is that you talk about a little higher number than possibly the $850 million compares to $700 million, $750 million in last quarters. So is that just kind of a drag from this year maybe a little lighter spending next year catching up? And how do we think about further capital allocation beyond if you could start to give us some thoughts on what you're looking at that?
TheresaWagler: Well, from the CapEx perspective, it's not more capital, Timna, but to your comment, it's actually a transfer. So we're expecting to probably spend about $100 million less in 2020. As it relates to Sinton Mill, it's just hard to project, it's when equipment arrives, et cetera, nothing is delaying the project, it's just we believe that probably about $100 million will shift from the fourth quarter into 2021. So that's why 2021 total capital estimate today is $850 million versus a $750 million. It's simply related to timing. Mark, did you want to talk about the capital allocation or -?
MarkMillett: Well, I think Timna, our strategy is not going to change; we've always been somewhat conservative relative to the balance sheet and liquidity. We still remain very comfortable with our dividend profile, it's very manageable through cycle and it will remain intact. And during periods of excess cash flow we will continue to share repurchase program to complement that dividend policy. But right now, we see immediate strength and momentum in the markets. And I think things are good. But we'd like to see how things unravel for next three, four months, before we reinitiate any repurchase program. 
TheresaWagler: And I would just add to that as a quick reminder that our sustaining capital is only $150 million per year. So as we get on the other side of the Texas Steel Mill, there'll be considerable cash generation, which we can use to Mark's point for continued growth, both organic and inorganic.
Operator: Our next question is from Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS.
AndreasBokkenheuser: Thank you very much. Just a follow up question for you. I mean, you obviously mentioned the Texas Mill and you've talked about it before and in terms of where you intend to kind of capture market share. But in particularly now with a lot of integrated capacity down and for your point, Mark, you guys don't expect all of it to come back. Are there any particular products where you see the new Texas Mill base capturing market share namely on the auto side, products that you weren't able to produce before, but you will be able to produce with the new mills, will you effectively could just continue that market share capturing trend as well?
MarkMillett: I think we can gone on market share on several different fronts obviously just pure economics, the geographic location of that facility, and freight savings to the customer will be very, very persuasive. Number one, number two, we will be able to be very strong option for imports that floats through Houston. So just general economics or pricing or value to the customer will be massive. And, again, as we see a 27 million ton market between Southwest, the West Coast import market and, and Mexico. But also the technology is going to allow us to produce combinations of grade, strength and dimensional characteristics that are totally unavailable today in the US. It's an 84-inch mill, although a -- let me rephrase that, it's going to make a real 84 -inch wide coil, the current 84-inch mills in the US are just the width of the row itself, and so cannot make 84-inch true width, and you need 84-inch width to get into 26 inch diameter pipe.  And so that is a very differentiating commodity, particularly when you can go to one inch thick, 100 KSI steel. The technology, as we've said in past calls, it's a thicker slab. So it's going to allow a much, much superior surface condition. And if there was a technology or minimal technology to get into, exposed automotive, this would be it. We're not advertising that, but certainly would hope we get that one day. But higher toughness, highest strength steel will certainly differentiate the product portfolio compared to what's available in the States today.
TheresaWagler: And I think from an end market perspective, what you'll see is that this will take market share along the lines, especially because we're starting with a paint line and a galvanizing metal coating line will be in the appliance arena, especially in Mexico, automotive in Mexico, HVAC, metal buildings will be a big focus point as well, then obviously, when the energy market comes back, we'll be right in the middle of that arena.
AndreasBokkenheuser: That's very clear. And in terms of sourcing of raw materials, I mean, you're obviously you've got pig iron coming in, and you have scrap from Mexico and so on. Any thoughts on HPI? I mean, we're obviously seeing some HPI capacity coming online in the US. Some of it might all be spoken for. But any thoughts on HPI that's going to be part of your product makes it a great deal going forward?
MarkMillett: Well, we would contemplate all raw materials in honestly, I think you have obviously Nucor has been ramping up and is doing well now there. You have Cliffs will be starting their facility that likely would be ineffective from a freight perspective to go all the way down into Sinton. But certainly will find its way into the Midwest market. And just by association, they help the raw material pricing environment. Voest has a DRI or HBI facility in Corpus Christi. And I would imagine the Sinton mill would be a natural home for someone that material and so again, if the value is right, we would be consuming some of that material.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Olin with Tier4.
ChrisOlin: Yes, sorry about that. Hey, I wanted to first see if I can get a clarification. Theresa, did you say the cash tax was 3% for 2021? And then I guess I had a mini follow up question regarding this whole market share issue. I guess my question is there were some outages, I guess unplanned if you will, at some of the steel assets or coating lines for your competitors and I guess I wanted to make sure there wasn't some type of volume or mixed benefit in the Quarter that potentially goes away or we need to think about going forward. Thanks.
TheresaWagler: I'll answer the first question, Chris. And yes, our cash, our effective cash tax rate for 2021 is likely to only be around 3%. And that's just reflective of state taxes. Because at least currently with the tax code, with Sinton actually starting in 2021, we're able to, from a tax perspective, take the immediate depreciation impact for that. And it's quite significant. So we would expect that to take care of all the cash requirements from a federal basis for 2021. And likely that would roll into having some protection into 2022 as well; we just don't have that estimate at this point. 
MarkMillett: Yes and regarding the ban, yes. There's some shifting of products here and there between the different players. But the market strength, and our results are; it's just the underlying demand profile there, which is going to remain in place for some time to come.  That concludes our question-and-answer session; I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you. And for those remaining on the call seriously, thank you for your support and your time today to listen to our perspectives. To the customers that may be listening, sincere thank you on my behalf. And on behalf of every one of the 9,000 SDI employees and their families; you helped us through a challenging time. And we will hopefully continue to earn your business and to all our team members on the call. Again, one shout out regarding safety, please double down on safety. It wasn't a disastrous quarter in any respect, severity continues to improve. But nonetheless, we need to continue our improving trend there. And just thank you for your passion, your commitment through this challenging quarter. It's been a crazy time. But you folks have come through as always shining like superstars. So thank you, you guys. Be safe. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 21, 2020, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Laura. Good morning. And welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually as we are all following appropriate social distancing guidelines. Some of todays statements which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate, or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release, as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and risk factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Second Quarter 2020 Results. And now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. We certainly appreciate and value your time with us this morning, especially during these uncharted circumstances. Leaders are tasked to make decisions today that have not been required in recent history, regarding the health and the safety of our people, their families and our communities. We are closely monitoring the COVID-19 situation and are continuing to operate safely. None of our operations have been impacted to-date. As always, protecting the health and welfare of our teams is our highest priority. I want to thank each of our 8,400 team members for their passion and continued dedication to excellence. I am incredibly proud to work alongside each of them during this unprecedented time. They are a special group, accomplishing extraordinary things and we are committed to them, their families, and our communities, all while supporting our suppliers and meeting the needs of our customers. But before I continue, Theresa, will you provide insights into our outstanding second quarter performance?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being here. Our second quarter 2020 net income was $75 million or $0.36 per diluted share, above our guidance of $0.29 per share to $0.33 per share due to stronger than anticipated flat-rolled steel shipments. Our second quarter results were reduced by the following two items, costs related to our June 2020 refinancing activities of approximately $0.08 per diluted share, and costs net of capitalized interest associated with the construction of our new Sinton Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill of approximately $0.03 per diluted share. Excluding these two items, second quarter 2020 adjusted net income was $0.47 per diluted share above our adjusted guidance of $0.40 per share to $0.44 per share. One comment before proceeding, yes, the comparability of second quarter 2020 financial results to sequential or prior year amount is unfavorable, but to achieve what our teams have achieved in this unchartered environment, as Mark mentioned, is simply incredible. Steel and ferrous scrap demand declined significantly in the second quarter of 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting temporary closures of numerous steel consuming businesses. As a result, our second quarter 2020 revenues were $2.1 billion, 19% lower than first quarter sequential results and 24% lower than prior year sales. Our second quarter 2020 operating income was $159 million, over 40% lower than those sequential first quarter and prior year results. From an operating platform perspective, our steel operations delivered an outstanding performance during this challenging time. Second quarter steel shipments of 2.5 million tons were only 12% lower than the record 2.8 million tons achieved in the sequential first quarter of this year and only 9% lower than prior years second quarter. Our steel mills operated almost 80% of their capability, while the rest of the domestic industry operated at 55%. Due to the momentum in the first quarter, our steel shipments in the first half of 2020 are only 2% lower than in 2019. Our ability to maintain higher steel volumes is a result of our value-added highly diversified product offering, our supply chain differentiation and our internal manufacturing businesses, a sincere congratulation to the entire team. However, steel prices deteriorated, our average quarterly realized sales price decreased $19 per ton to $755 in the second quarter, while average scrap cost decreased only $1 per ton resulting in steel metal margin compression. The result was second quarter 2020 operating income of $172 million for our steel operations, 41% lower than the sequential first quarter. As states issued shelter-in-place mandate and domestic manufacturing slowed, scrap supply and collection declined. This in combination with lower domestic steel production caused weak ferrous scrap demand. As a result, our metals recycling operations recorded an operating loss of $6 million for the second quarter of 2020 but they remained cash flow positive. Our metals recycling operations provide a competitive advantage to sourcing ferrous scrap for our steel mills, allowing for increased scrap quality, melt efficiency and reduction of company-wide working capital requirements. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both platforms. For our Steel Fabrication business, second quarter 2020 operating income remained strong at $27 million, compared to sequential results of $29 million due to steady shipments. We continue to experience a strong backlog and customers remain constructive considering non-residential construction projects. Our cash generation continues to be very strong based on our differentiated business model and highly variable cost structure. During the second quarter of 2020, we generated $486 million of cash flow from operations, representing our second best quarterly performance. As we stated on last quarters call, during weaker environment, our working capital can be a meaningful funding source and it was in the second quarter, generating over $290 million of cash flow. For the first half of 2020, we generated $697 million of cash flow from operations, representing a record first half performance. We also invested $527 million in fixed asset, of which $371 million was invested in our new Texas Flat Roll Steel Mill. We also maintained our cash dividend at 25% -- $0.25 per share in the second quarter after increasing a 4% in the first quarter of this year. During the first half of 2020, we have repurchased $107 million of our common stock and $444 million remains authorized for repurchase at the end of the quarter. In June, we also took advantage of the capital market and executed our second investment grade notes offering issuing $400 million of 2.4% notes due in 2025 and $500 million of 3.25% notes due in 2031. These transactions were leveraged neutral and proceeds were used to repay two tranches of our then existing higher cost high yield notes, combined with our December inaugural investment grade refinancing, we have extended our overall debt maturity profile and lowered our effective interest rate to under 4%. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation, consistent cash flow capability and strong liquidity profile, demonstrating our confidence in our sustainable through-cycle strong cash generation. For the second half of 2020, we currently are planning for capital investments to be roughly between $800 million and $850 million, of which our new Texas Steel Mill represents $700 million to $750 million of that range. We estimate capital investments for the full year of 2021 to also be in the range of $700 million to $750 million with the Texas Mill representing about $580 million of that amount, as their operations are expected to begin mid-year 2021. We entered 2020 a position of strength with a strong cash position and available liquidity of $2.8 billion and we have remained in a position of strength as we have maintained that liquidity with cash and short-term investments of $1.6 billion and our $1.2 billion fully available revolving credit facility. One cant look historically at our financial performance to determine either a future trough or peak. We have grown significantly, transformed our Columbus Flat Roll Division, further diversified our steel product offerings and incorporated even more levers to increase our through-cycle financial performance. We have also added new manufacturing businesses to our portfolio that use steel as a raw material, providing additional opportunities to sustain our steel mills utilization in a weaker market cycle. In addition, collectively, our primary recent and planned strategic growth investments provide an estimated incremental annual future EBITDA of over $425 million on a through-cycle historical spread basis. You can see that on a slide in our second quarter investor deck. I believe its slide 13. This estimate includes our Texas Steel Mill, the third galvanizing line at Columbus, which has just recently started and our two rebar expansions. We are simply even more agile today than we have ever been before. We are also dedicated to preserving our investment-grade credit rating. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes responsible strategic growth with appropriate shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile thats complemented with a variable share repurchase program when appropriate. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of a sustainable optimized long-term value creation. I know that some of you actually model some more specificity within our flat roll group shipments, so I will provide those for you now. During the second quarter, we had flat-rolled shipments representing hot roll coil and pickled and oiled of 746,000 tons, we had cold-rolled shipments of 132,000 tons and we had coated shipments of 900,000 tons, representing 1,778,000 tons in the second quarter in totality. And finally, on a personal note, I just want to sincerely thank the teams for their passion and their generosity, and the care that they are showing for one anothers health and safety. It truly is tremendous. So, thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Theresa. As I have mentioned many times in the past, safety is and is always going to be our number one value because nothing is more important. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages. But as I have said also many times before, its not enough, our goal is to have zero injuries across the company and we will continue to strive for that. Our safety performance has further improved during the last 12 months, with our second quarter results continuing the positive trend. We all must be continuously aware of our surroundings and our fellow team members. I challenge all of us to be focused both in the traditional sense, but even more so now, as it relates to keeping one another in good health. The steel fabrication platform delivered a strong second quarter performance. Our fabrication order backlog remains strong and is higher than it was at this time last year. Customers remain constructive concerning non-residential construction projects. We have had some jobs delayed or postponed, but its not been widespread or material. We anticipate the strength remaining through the rest of this year and expect second half 2020 volume is being equal if not higher than the first half performance. In contrast, as states issued shelter-in-place mandates and domestic manufacturing slowed, scrap supply and collection declined. In particular, prime scrap flow decreased considerably as automotive production ground to an abrupt halt. In addition, significantly lower second quarter domestic steel production utilization, which was estimated at 55% across the industry, resulted in weak ferrous scrap demand. As a result, our metals recycling operations were cash flow positive in the second quarter, but incurred losses at the operating level. As states have started to reopen, scrap flows have improved and we expect our metals recycling platform to return to profitability for the second half of 2020 based on increased volume. The steel team had a tremendous performance in this environment. After record shipments in the first quarter of this year, our volume only decreased 12% in the second quarter. Id like to commend our commercial teams and the support of our customers for making this happen ad thank you to the metals recycling team for providing the raw materials required to achieve this level of production in what became a very tight market. The strength of our differentiated business model coupled with the passion of our people drove strong steel mill production utilization to almost 80% across the company. While the overall domestic industry, as I said, only operated at 55%. Meaningfully, our flat roll operations achieved utilization of almost 90% in the quarter. As COVID-19 and related state closure implications unfolded in late March through today, steel demand and selling values decreased rapidly from the strength seen in much of the first quarter of this year. Temporary closure of automotive production and the related supply chain closures meaningfully reduced flat-rolled steel demand. The severe decline in energy prices related to oversupply significantly reduced steel demand from steel pipe and tube manufacturers. However, construction-related steel demand was more resilient. Our Structural and Rail Division maintained utilization of over 70% in the second quarter. As a result of reduced flat-rolled steel demand and lower pricing, a considerable number of high cost flat-rolled steel operations came offline since the end of 2019. We believe about 15 million tons or so of flat-rolled sheet capacity has been idled, representing over 20% of annual domestic production capacity. In tough environments, the strength of our people and our superior business model become even more evident. As demonstrated in the second quarter and historically, during periods of market inflection, we maintain higher utilization levels than our peers and gain market share. Uninterrupted low cost operations, provides the greatest customer optionality. Our broad product portfolio and end market diversification within value-added market niches drives flexibility for our commercial teams. Superior supply chain solutions create additional value for our customers, making us a preferred place to shop. And furthermore, a powerful driver is the optionality of internal steel sourcing from our captive manufacturing businesses, which we call pull-through volume. To put this in perspective, our steel fabrication platform and steel processing locations purchased 2.3 million tons of steel in 2019. Only about half of this volume is typically sourced from the SDI-owned steel mills, but in difficult markets, we increase the percentage.  As states continue to determine their reopening guidelines and many steel consuming businesses have resumed operations. We anticipate steel demand will materially improve from the second quarter trough. The automotive sector and its related supply chain have restarted production, and we have started to see some resulting increase in steel demand. The construction sectors remain more resilient and related steel demand has been steady, as evidenced by our Structural and Rail Division volume and steel fabrication customer backlog. The order activity from our construction-related customers, combined with the strength in our steel fabrication order backlog, support our optimism for a continued strength through the rest of the year. The weaker sectors continue to be related to energy and general and industrial consumers, which are likely to require a slightly longer recovery period. Related to continued growth, we provided a summary update of our recent growth investments on our slide in our investor deck posted on the SDI website. In the last 12 months or 24 months, we have executed several strategic investments that have or will benefit our through-cycle earnings and cash flow position. We expanded two steel mills by the combined addition of 440,000 tons of steel rebar production capability, providing product diversification and differentiated supply chain for the customer. Our model provides a meaningful customer optionality and flexibility, with significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits. This end market diversification provides the higher through-cycle utilization for our Structural and Roanoke Steel divisions. We continue to expand capacity at Heartland Steel. It is an 800,000-ton value-added flat-rolled steel processor and the team has been operating at record coating levels, providing additional internal production support and operational flexibility for our Butler Flat Roll Division, increasing the through-cycle utilization of our steel assets and broadening our value-added product mix. The acquisition of 75% of United Steel Supply has been an excellent investment in addition to our portfolio. As a local distributor of pre-painted construction product, it has provided a meaningful channel to new and more diversified customers. With our customer-preferred co-branded supply chain and more rurally located custom base, and recent stimulus dollars flowing these communities, United Steel Supply achieved record second quarter shipments. We anticipate the strength to continue through the rest of this year. Since the acquisition of Columbus Flat Roll Division, we have meaningfully increased its through-cycle earnings capability. We have transformed its product portfolio with the expansion of its value-added steel capabilities, the diversification of its customer base and the addition of a paint line. In a few weeks ago, the team achieved another milestone. They coated their first prime galvanized coil on our new 400,000 ton line. Columbus now has for value-added coating lines. The investment reduces Columbus hot-rolled coil exposure and provides a ready hot band consumer base in the south for our new Texas Flat Roll Mill when it starts operating in less than a year from now. We remain incredibly excited about on our new next-generation flat mill in Texas and its certain contribution to our growth and earnings capability. As Theresa explained, our strategy focused on entering 2020 from a point of financial strength, providing for the required investment associated with this transformational project. Our team has an incredible depth of experience in the construction, startup and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we believe they have more experienced than exist in any other company in the industry. The Texas teams performance and momentum have been absolutely remarkable. Construction is going extremely well and within our expanded capital cost of $1.9 billion. We expect the operations to begin in mid-2021. We are having weekly conversations with the equipment suppliers regarding the impact of COVID-19. I dont believe our planned schedule has been meaningfully impacted thus far. The new state-of-the-art 3-million-ton steel mill will include two value-added coating lines comprised of a 550,000-ton galvanizing line and a 250,000-ton paint line. It will follow the same stringent sustainability model as our other steelmaking facilities with state-of-the-art, environmental controls and processes. Our existing steel mills have a fraction of the greenhouse gas emission and energy intensity of average worlds steelmaking technology, less than 15% of the average producer. With an 84-inch coil width and up to 1-inch thick 100 ksi product, the Texas Mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc furnace flat-rolled steel producers and will compete even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. The mill is strategically located in Sinton, Texas near Corpus Christi. We have three targeted regional sales markets for the Sinton Steel Mill, representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption in the Southern and West Coast United States and Mexico. We also plan to effectively compete with the heavy imports in Houston and the West Coast. Our customers are excited to have a regional flat-rolled steel supplier. We have two customers now committed to locate on site with us, representing over 800,000 tons of annual consumption -- processing and consumption capability. We still have others in conversation and would expect to have further volume in the next months. Sinton location provides a significant freight benefit to most of our intended customers relative to their current supply chain options. This freight advantage along with much shorter lead times provides a superior supply chain solution, allowing us to not only be the preferred domestic steel supply in the South and Western U.S., but also to effectively compete with imports, which inherently have long lead times and speculative pricing risk. From a raw material perspective, our metals recycling operations already control a significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico through scrap management relationships, much of which is needed prime scrap. As announced earlier this year, we are also planning to acquire a Mexican scrap company as part of our raw materials strategy for Sinton. Their primary operation is strategically located near high-volume industrial scrap sources throughout Central and Northern Mexico. The company currently ships approximately 500,000 gross tons of scrap annually but have estimated annual process and capability of almost 2 million tons. After the acquisition is finalized in the coming months, we plan to ramp up that volume quickly. We believe our performance-based operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience and successfully constructing and operating highly profitable steel assets positions us incredibly well to successfully execute the transformational Texas growth investment. As I have said before, we are not simply adding flat-rolled production capacity. We have a differentiated product offering, a unique regional supply chain solution, a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage, and offer an import alternative to a region in need of options. Our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy continue to strengthen our financial position through consistent strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, differentiating us from our competition and demonstrating our sustainability. I believe you would all agree this was clearly demonstrated this past quarter. Again, our commitment is to the health and safety of our people, our families and our communities, all while supporting our vendors, serving our customers and sustaining our value creation journey. Our team is incredible. I would like to thank each of them for their patience, their resilience and commitment during these uncharted times. They have an indomitable spirit that drives us all to excellence. Additionally, a sincere and heartfelt thank you to the health care providers and their families within Steel Dynamics and those serving individuals across the world. So, on behalf of SDI, thank you all, be safe, be well. And Laura, wed like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Hi, Mark and Theresa, and thanks for taking my question. The main thing I wanted to talk about was the market share gains in 2Q, just wanted if you could talk about that on a more granular level, obviously, you had high utilization rates with some of the blast furnaces offline. Just thinking about it though on a sort of a customer basis, is it the broader offerings, the better service, just because the blast furnaces are offline. I just wondered if you could talk about that and then further opportunities, just thinking about it whether its sort of step changes or gradual improvements and other opportunities there, obviously, you have got Sinton, which you can get more gains in a year or so, but just thinking about the next couple of quarters?
Mark Millett: I guess that, obviously, that you just, sorry. I got to unmute myself there. You missed the best part. No. I think, as we have always demonstrated in the past, in moments of inflection down and tough markets, we continue to gain market share. And again, I want to emphasize, yeah, our shipments were down 12%. The 12% from a record, record production level in Q1. So its an absolutely incredible performance by the team and I think that the fact that we are fully engaged, fully operational, obviously, allows our customer base to access products, particularly when they are constrained in their own inventories. We just allow them to continue and they have got confidence in us. What we are here to deliver and we will deliver a product. We are fortunate, as we have said before, particularly in Columbus, we have been expanding our automotive presence. A lot of our automotive customer base is actually European, so BMW, VW and Mercedes. They have tended not to be as hard hit in Q2 as some of the domestic producers and we certainly benefited from that.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. I think I would just complement to what Mark said in that, where we saw the most market share gains was in the flat roll group, as well as structural steels, railroad rail. And then we have a bit of a niche in the solar products with the solar customers as well both within the hot rolled side of the business and within the specialty steel, the Steel of West Virginia. And in addition to that, with the advent of the Columbus teams starting up with the third galvanizing line, it will be nice to see that getting into the market and actually increasing the value add portion of their capabilities in the second half of this year. So I think theres a lot of opportunity for us to both enrich the mix and then to continue in that market share gain.
Mark Millett: And just to emphasize that
Chris Terry: Okay.
Mark Millett: Just like anecdotally because we continue to say that part of our strength as a company through-cycle, generating strong through-cycle cash is the diversity of our product mix. And just as an example, Steal of West Virginia, small metal for us, but they were impacted pretty dramatically by the reduction in truck and trailer. That industry is off about 50%. But because of their expansion into solar, they are going to ship about 100,000 tons of solar product, as compared to 30,000 tons last year. And so its the diversification both the product and market sector allows us to outperform our competition quarter in, quarter out.
Chris Terry: Thanks. Thanks for the comment. And just a follow-up question on some of your comments around construction specifically, obviously, this is a market where its pretty hotly debated where its all trending with different indicators, suggesting a slowdown and some concern in that market. Can -- you commented, I think, that theres been no broad brush cancellation, but some changes in the market on an individual level. Has there been a change in your backlog, your total backlog in that market?
Mark Millett: Well, on a -- from a loan product standpoint, Structural and Rail Division, their backlog is actually up quarter-over-quarter. We see continued strength there that the fabricators are remaining very busy. The large projects remained strong and constructively some of the smaller product -- projects that were kind of delayed or put on hold earlier in the year because of COVID, we are starting to see those projects now getting released. So we are very, very constructive, obviously, we get insight or visibility through our New Millennium Building Systems, our Fabrication business. There, again, very, very strong backlog. No widespread push backs or project postponements. A little softness up in the Northeast, thats not a big market for us, but some of the construction sites were closed down and have been closed down, but seriously, we see very, very positive strength through the rest of the year.
Chris Terry: Thanks, Mark. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question.
Dave Gagliano: Great. Thanks for asking my questions. I -- first of all, I just have one quick clarification question and I did look at the EBITDA reconciliation tables before asking this. But does the second quarter adjusted EBITDA, the $217 million number, does that include or exclude those $10 million of costs tied to the startup at Sinton and also does that include or exclude some or all of the $25 million at one-time refinancing costs called out in the adjusted EPS?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So, Dave, whatever is in the EBITDA on adjusted basis is -- are non-cash items only. So at Sinton, those are cash items, so theres nothing thats been excluded. So they are deducted from the adjusted EBITDA, and from a financing perspective only, I think, about $4 million were actually added back, because they were non-cash write-offs. Otherwise, if its cash related, we are not adding that back.
Dave Gagliano: Okay. Great. So its consistent. I just want to make sure consistent with the adjusted EPS. Thanks. And then just on the market, you mentioned, obviously, quite a bit of idled sheet capacity. It sounds like at least 5 million of that is coming back very soon or in the process of coming back annual capacity and arguably, perhaps, closer to 7 million to 8 million tons if those reduced utilization rates ramp up. And it seems to be happening when the time -- at a time when lead times are actually still pretty low for the industry overall and then you also flagged obviously prime scrap supplies are coming back as well. So my questions are, do you believe that the demand environment is strong enough to absorb these near-term restarts, and likewise, do you believe that scrap demand will be strong enough to absorb the incremental prime scrap supplies or do you see weakness beyond August for prime scrap prices as well?
Mark Millett: Well, taking your last question on -- from a scrap perspective, we certainly see no issues with the scrap flow. Obviously, there was a month that got a little tight when you had all the automotive or -- virtually all the automotive production and their associated support facilities and the staff was down, prime scrap absolutely ground to a halt. But we are seeing that come back quite dramatically and thats going to continue to come back. And I think that the scrap market was -- has been over baked for the last few months and that the recent downtick kind of normalized at some. I think you will see a little more -- a bit more softness in August on scrap, I mean, on prime scrap in particular and then stabilize at a more normalized value for the rest of the year. So -- but supply should not be an issue whatsoever.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Dave, I have -- Mark and I are looking into a little bit, because from a capacity standpoint, I guess, maybe you heard things that we havent. We are not -- you seemed to suggest that theres somewhere between 5 million and 7 million tons of capacity coming back online in the near-term and then thats not a number that we would ascribe to.
Dave Gagliano: What numbers you ascribe -- subscribe to us as far as the capacity of coming back. We just added up the ones that we have heard about in various trade publications
Theresa Wagler: We are more
Dave Gagliano:  that kind of thing?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. We actually -- theres some capacity that we believe is coming offline and I am not sure if thats been made public or not. But we would say that is likely to be in the 1.5 million to 2 million tons of capacity that we see coming back on line in the near-term. So, from that perspective, I guess, our answer will be that, yes, we believe that that can be satisfied if you will. I mean we are not seeing a big reaction to that. But, again, I -- maybe we are behind on the announcement.
Mark Millett: And obviously it is
Dave Gagliano: No. Thats helpful. Thanks. 
Mark Millett: Obviously, David, its a balance between what may come back, and obviously, the increase in demand. Theres absolutely no doubt demand is increasing, obviously, as automotive ramps back up. They are -- theres some little dislocations here or there in the supply chain, but the demand is picking up, I think, relatively substantially. And if you look at least the conversations I have had out there with some of the large dealerships and if you look at the cars, automotive information and that sort of thing, there is a tightness in inventory, in the dealerships, particularly on pickup, SUV, crossover type vehicles and thats going to help support at least the output of the automotives. So the automotives I do believe are going to be in good shape, constrained only by, perhaps, regional issues from COVID and making sure they have the employees in their plants. What we are also seeing on the sheet product side of things, the white goods, HVAC appliance, they are coming back very, very strong as well from a potential output sort of demand perspective. In fact, we had one HVAC customer just call us this week making damn sure that we had the material in the pipeline, because they are running at an excessive or above normal volume, and again, only constrained by possible local issues with the sort of manning their plant. So underlying demand we see, and again, those that know dont predict and those that dont know predict. All we can go on is what we see in our order book, our order input rate and the commentary from our customers. We see a very healthy underlying economy there, steel consuming economy. We came into this incredibly strong in the first quarter and I think now you have got a little bit of a pent-up demand. Lean -- you have got inventories that are generally lean, particularly in the distributor space as they dont want to take any speculative risk right now. Imports are going to be constrained for the rest of the year. You have iron ore pricing, raw material pricing actually for the integrated mills is very, very strong, which is going to support the global cost curve. So you have got general dynamics within or general drivers within our industry that I would suggest bode well for the rest of the year.
Dave Gagliano: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks very much for the additional color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Exane BNP Paribas. You may proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions today. If I can, I have a couple of questions with regards to the outlook for the Fabrication business, please and the margin there. Can you just comment on how you viewed sustainability at least in healthy fab margins as you look ahead to the second half? In light of the current steel price weakness, is there potential for some upside going into Q3 or do you view the recent run rate being more sustainable in the longer term, I recognize we are already below where we were back in 2019? And then secondly with regards to fab, I wonder if you can comment a little bit with regards to some of the end markets you are serving there with regard potentially any shift between, say, public or private sector activity for fab? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Seth, so from the perspective of the fabrication -- the business margin, so as Mark mentioned, the teams are forecasting a pretty strong volume for the second half of this year based on the order backlog that they have and the order inquiry rates that we are seeing, which is great. You asked about specific end markets and they are very much into the, we are going to call the big box buildings, the warehouses. We have a large market share in that. So if you can think about the advent of online ordering, people not going to retail locations, that business right now is fairly strong, because there is needed warehouse space. As far as whether or not we are seeing it more in the public versus private sector, I think, we are seeing it right now still more to the private than to the public sector, but maybe that could change depending upon what stimulus looks like, I dont think anybody knows what that is at this point in time. Regarding margins, they tend to have anywhere between maybe around even six weeks to eight weeks or more weeks of steel inventory on the ground. So as we work through the lower priced steel environment they will benefit from that. So you could see some margin expansion in the second half of the year related to that. Its just -- its a little bit difficult to predict, but I would suggest, that the margins that they have been able to sustain are not extraordinary from the level of being able to be sustainable into the future.
Seth Rosenfeld: Very clear. Thank you very much.
Theresa Wagler: And I am not sure if I hit all your points or not. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thats great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS. You may proceed with your question.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thank you. Just one question from me and just following up on when you are talking about the scrap price coming down obviously and where you on spread. This is typically an environment where we have historically seen you capture market share and you are obviously doing that at the moment. So, I guess, just trying to get a little bit of a stent. How comfortable do you feel about the current spreads as they are at the moment, I mean, we have obviously seen steel prices coming down and scraps coming down as well, and the falling steel price, obviously, effectively prevent some of the integrators on restarting capacity. So do you feel comfortable with spreads at the current level, I guess, the question?
Mark Millett: Again, its interesting times to predict and when you said in an environment you used the word typical. I dont think there is anything typical about the environment that we are in. All I can say is, I do believe we have reached a trough point. Second quarter was the trough for volumes for sure, particularly on the sheet side of our business, and I think, there is an inflection point in pricing in the next few weeks. So I think that thats a positive direction or a momentum for pricing, and as I suggested, you are likely to see a little softness on prime scrap here in August and then kind of stable for the rest of the year. So you can make your own predictions as to where spreads might go. I need to emphasize that some of you recognize this, but you have got to recognize that some of our business, our flat-rolled business is related to sort of the CRU index-type pricing and so there is a lag impact in the third quarter.
Theresa Wagler: I am smiling, Andreas, because I dont know if we are comfortable with spreads. We always like as high a spread as we possibly can have. But to Marks point, I think, on a spot basis there is an opportunity to see spreads expand. Is it fair, Mark?
Mark Millett: Yeah. 
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Thats clear. Thank you very much for taking my question.
Mark Millett: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with Very Independent Research. You may proceed with your question. 
John Tumazos: Congratulations on all of the good work in a tough time. Your steel
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. Yeah. We have got a great team.
John Tumazos: Your steel scrap collections fell 2 times or 3 times more than the steel shipments. Were you deliberately reducing mill inventories of scrap or inventories in the recycling system or did the opportunities to collect scrap decline with the economy or did outside brokers gain share and if a business doesnt earn good returns, maybe its okay thing if you let the other guys do more business at a loss?
Mark Millett: Well, I think, a little bit of all of the above. Obviously, scrap flow dropped dramatically because of automotive business. Prime scrap pretty well dried up, so that impacted flows. Flows from OmniSource to our mills was strong, it went up. But at the same time, our competition had their own problems. They werent producing as much and so we had less homes to broker scrap to.
John Tumazos: Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: You are welcome.
Operator: This concludes your question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Laura. And for those that remain on the call, again, thank you for your attention today, joining us. I just would like to emphasize what an absolutely phenomenal performance our team demonstrated this past quarter. They say when conditions get tough, the tough get going, thats our team. They did a tremendous, tremendous job and I think it clearly demonstrates the passion, the commitment and the innovation of our team, but also the strength of our business model, because, again, we generated a very, very, very strong cash flow for the quarter under the circumstances. And we would also like to thank our customer base because you folks on the call, you certainly unload us, you certainly supported our ability to perform our peers. So thank you for that. And to all the employees on the call, thank you, thank you, thank you, you did a great job, be safe. Make it a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today April, 21, 2020 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on our website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The other members of our Senior leadership team are joining us on the call individually as we are following appropriate special distancing guidelines. Some of todays statements which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate, or words of similar meaning, they are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related Press Release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and risk factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports First Quarter 2020 Results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our first quarter of 2020 earnings call. We certainly appreciate and value your time at these unprecedented circumstances. Steel making is designated a critical infrastructure industry by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, but deemed essential to the nations defense, infrastructure, transportation and overall economy. As such all our operations have been operating. Protecting the health and wellbeing of the teams is on this critical priority. We are closely monitoring the COVID 19 situation and have implemented numerous additional practices throughout the Company to protect each of us. I want to thank our more than 8,400 team members for remaining steadfast and passionate. We continue to operate safely with a spirit of excellence. Im incredibly proud to work alongside each of them during this unparallel time. We are committed to the health and safety of our people, the families and our communities, all while supporting our suppliers and meeting the needs of our customers. But before I continue, Theresa, will you please provide insights on the teams recent incredible performance during the first quarter that should not go unstated, despite these present environmental issues along with our strong financial foundation.
Theresa Wagler : Thank you. Good morning everyone. Our first quarter 2020 net income was $187 million or $0.88 per diluted share. Above our guidance of $0.83 to $0.87 due to stronger than anticipated March flat-rolled steel shipments. First quarter 2020 revenues were $2.6 billion somewhat lower than prior years first quarter sales, 10% higher than fourth quarter sequential results driven by improved steel pricing and shipment. Our first quarter, 2020 operating income was $274 million, $18 million lower than prior year, first quarter, but notably 50% higher than sequential fourth quarter results due to record steel shipments driven by solid first quarter underlying demand. From a platform perspective our steel operations first quarter shipments increased 7% sequentially to a record, 2.8 million tons with increased volumes experienced across the platform. Our average quarterly realized sales price increased $10 per ton $774 in the first quarter and average scrap cost increased $24 per ton, profiting steel metal margin compression. The result with first quarter steel operating income of $293 million, 45% higher than the sequential fourth quarter results. For our metals recycling platform first quarter operating income was $8 million compared to a loss of $5 million sequentially. A result of higher ferrous to non-ferrous selling values and shipment with prime scrap industries writing almost $30 per gross ton during the first quarter. About 65% of our mills recycling ferrous shipment served by all the steel mills, increasing our scrap quality, our melting efficiency and reducing our Companywide working capital requirements. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both the platforms. For our steel fabrication business, first quarter of 2020 operating income remains strong at $29 million compared to near record sequential results of $33 million. Primarily due to seasonally lower first quarter shipments, we experienced record order inquiry and bookings in the first quarter and demarche with a record backlog. We are still experiencing strong order inquiry and are entering the traditional construction season on a good footing. Our cash generation continues to be strong. During the first quarter of 2020 we generated $211 million of cash flow from operations offset by operational working capital growth related to higher steel selling values and the $74 million distribution of our annual companywide profit sharing to our teams. We spent $218 million in fixed asset investments during the first quarter of which 130 million related to our New Sinton, Texas Flat-rolled Steel Mill investment. To-date we have funded $335 million of the $1.9 billion project. Regarding shareholder distributions, we increased our cash dividends 4% in the first quarter of this year to $0.25 per common share. This follows increases of over 20% in both 2018 and 2019, the Board also authorized an additional $500 million for stock repurchases in February of this year. We repurchased $170 million of our common stock during the first quarter and 444 million remains available under the new authorization. In 2016 we have invested $1.3 billion in our common stock representing over 15% of our outstanding shares. These actions reflect the strength of our capital foundation, consistent cash flow capability and strong liquidity profile, demonstrating our confidence in our sustainable through cycle strong cash generation. Part of that confidence is based on the high variability of our cost structure within our operating platforms. During market weakness, working capital becomes a funding source. 2015 is a great example. Working capital provided over $500 million to cash flow that year. For the coming months, we expect working capital to also be a source of cash flow for us. For the remainder of the year, we currently are planning the capital investments to be roughly $1.2 billion of which the New Sinton, Texas Steel Mill represents $1 billion. This spending percent is heavily weighted to the second half of 2020 over $700 million of that $1 billion spend is actually meant to be in the second half of this year. As we gain more visibility and see extent of the disruption in 2020 related to the Corona virus, we could shift some of the 2020 investment into 2021 if we believed it was necessary. Based on current timeline, we estimate capital investments for 2021 to be in the range of 700 million to 750 million of which Sinton represents 600 million. We entered the Corona virus crisis in a position of strength with a strong cash position and liquidity profile. Entering 2020 we had over $1.6 billion of cash in short-term investments. At the end of the first quarter, we have almost $1.5 billion. Combined with a $1.2 billion undrawn unsecured revolving credit facility. We have available liquidity of over $2.6 billion. One cant look historically our financial performance to determine either a trough or a peak future performance. We have grown significantly transformed or Columbus Flat-rolled division, further diversified our steel product offerings and incorporated even more levers to increase our through cycle financial performance. Since 2015 we have increased our total shipping capacity from 11 million tons to over 13 million tons, while increasing our value-added revenues from just over 55% in 2015 to almost 70% last year. Since 2015 we have transformed Columbuss through cycle earnings capability by reducing their operating costs, dramatically increasing their value-added product capabilities and diversifying our customer base and end market factors. We have expanded our structural in Rail and Roanoke Bar steel divisions to include reinforcing bar production capabilities. Further diversifying the locations product offerings in order to sustain higher through cycle utilization. We have also added new manufacturing businesses to our portfolio that use steel as a raw material providing additional opportunities to sustain our own steel mills utilization throughout market cycles. Since 2015 we have increased the possible internal volume by over 1.5 million tons through acquisitions and growing our steel fabrication platform. This is an incredibly powerful tool during weak demand environments. In addition, collectively, our primary recent and planed strategic growth investments provide an estimated incremental annual future EBITDA of over $425 million on a through cycle historical spread basis. This estimate includes our Sinton Steel Mill and third Columbus galvanizing lines as well as our two operational reinforcing bar expansions. We are simply even more agile today than ever before. We are also dedicated to preserving our investment grade credit rating. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes responsible strategic growth with appropriate shareholder distributions, comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complimented with a variable share repurchase program during periods of excess cash generation. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. And on a personal note, I want to take just a moment. I want to wish my dad a very happy birthday. He has not listened to one of these calls in 25 years and he is listening this morning and I also want to thank our teams truly for their passion and generosity and the care that they are showing for each others health and safety. God bless. Mark?
Mark Millett: Well, thank you Theresa. As I stated, safety is and always will be our number one value on priority. Nothing is more important. During the first quarter of this year, our safety performance improved from the previous quarter than it comes with a meaningful improvement in the severity of incidents. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages. As I said many times before, it is not enough. It will never be enough until we reach our goal of zero. We all need to be continuously aware about surroundings and our fellow team members, I challenge all of us to be focused both as we think traditionally of safety, but even more so now as it relates to keeping each other in good health. The steel fabrication platform delivered a strong first quarter performance, construction is also deemed an essential business and as such, almost all the States below construction projects to remain open. We have some jobs delayed or postponed, but at this time it is not being widespread or meaningful. This should be expected as in previous market downturns construction lag the rest of the market by four to six months to pre-funded ongoing projects. We experienced the record number of inquiries and bookings in the first quarter. Our fabrication order backlog remains very strong, but with 15% higher than at this time last year. Our metals recycling team perform well in the quarter returning to profitability. During the first quarter, prime scrap appreciated about $25 or $30 per gross ton probably with lower domestic steel production, April prime scrap prices were tracked at about $30 and shredded $45 per gross ton. Lower industrial prime scrap flow related to the temporary idling of the automotive sector in April was offset by reduced demand due to lower steel mill utilization, maintaining sufficient prime scrap availability. As the announced staggered automotive plant restarts beginning later April and throughout May, we expect to see prime scraps will return to good levels prior to a ramp up in steel mill utilization and thus in turn stable scrap prices. In general, the steel teams had a phenomenal performance in the quarter hitting record volumes in a tough environment. We saw underlying steel demand strength and increased steel - values in those flat-rolled and long steel products through substantially all the first quarter, before the Russia, Saudi Arabia oil price war, as state COVID 19 stay at home directives. Since mid-March the landscape has shifted rapidly. A superior decline in energy prices related to oversupply has significantly reduced steel demand from the pipe and tube manufacturers and the temporary closure of automotive production and the related supply chain closures will meaningfully impact flat-rolled steel demand for this upcoming second quarter. Since mid-March hot rolled coil index pricing has declined over a $100 to about $485 per ton according to plants. As a result of reduced flat-rolled demand and reduced pricing, a considerable number of higher costs flat-rolled steel operations have been indefinitely idled. Since the end of 2019 we believe it represents a reduction of between 12 million to 14 million tons of annual flat-rolled sheets steel capacity, approaching some 20%, 30% of total domestic capability. In contrast the construction sector continues to be steady, which as mentioned is a critical steel consuming representing 40% to 45% of total domestic consumption in normal markets. The order activity from our construction related to customers in addition to the current strength in our steel fabrication and order backlog supports the sentiment. We believe that coming months will be difficult, within these environments the strength of our people and our differentiated business model becomes even more evident and more impactful. As demonstrated historically during times and market inflection, we will likely gain market share based on our uninterrupted low cost operations providing the greatest customer optionality, product end market diversification, the value-added marketing measures and additional internal steel sourcing form our captive manufacturing businesses. To put that in perspective, our still fabrication platform, the Tex, Holland and Vulcan, purchased 2.3 million tons of steel in 2019 and only sourced about a half that from SDI owned steel mills. This provides additional opportunity for internal purchasing to keep our steel mills running at higher utilization rates even in a weaker demand environment. U.S. Administrations recent guidance for States to begin a staged reopening is positive. As they begin this critical process, improved steel demand will follow some pent up demand from already low steel inventories. We have provided a summary of our recent growth investments on a slide in our invested deck posted on the website. In the last 12 to 18 months we have executed several strategic investments that will benefit our through cycle and earnings and cash flow position. We expanded two steel mills by the combined addition of the 440,000 tons of steel rebar production capability providing product diversification and a differentiated supply chain for the customer. Our model provides meaningful customer optionality and flexibility, the significant logistics yield and working capital benefits. This end market diversification provides a high through cycle utilization for our structural and Roanoke steel divisions. Heartland Steel 800,000 ton value-add flat-rolled steel processor that sells primarily cold roll and galvanized products has been ramping up nicely. Providing additional support and operational flexibility for our Butler Flat-rolled division. This increased the through cycle utilization of our steel assets and broaden our value-added product mix. The acquisition of 75% of the United Steel Supply has been another excellent investment. This flat-rolled, galvanized and pre-painted steel distribution company has provided a meaningful distribution channel to new customers. As a consumer of our internal steel products, they also increase the power of our through cycles steel utilization. Since our acquisition of Columbus Flat-rolled division, the transformation of its product portfolio through the expansion of its value-added steel capability, diversification of its customer base and the addition of the paint line has meaningfully increased its through cycle and its capability which will be clearly demonstrated this downturn. We are now close to completing $140 million, 400,000 ton of value-added fluid galvanizing line which we expect to begin operating mid-2020. The value-added products increase will decrease Columbus hot roll coil exposure and provide a ready and waiting hot bank customer base in the side for our new Texas Steel Mill. As symptom, we continue to be excited about the material growth for construction of our new next generation flat-rolled steel mill will deliver. As Theresa explained, our financial strategy focused on entering 2020 providing of the required investment associated with this transformational project. Our team has an incredible depth of experience in the construction, startup and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we believe they have more experience than any company in the industry and their performance and momentum has been remarkable. In January, we received the required environmental permitting to allow for full construction efforts and we currently anticipate the mid-2021 startup. That said, as Theresa mentioned, we will be reassessing our timeline throughout the second quarter as we gain more visibility into the impact of COVID 19. Additionally, even though we intentionally did not purchase equipment from China, some of our equipment is being manufactured in other countries where the Corona virus is also active. We are having weekly conversations with these manufacturers and we currently do not believe our plan schedule has been meaningfully impacted. The new state of the art Three million ton steel mill will include a value-added coating line comprised of 550,000 ton galvanizing line, and a 250,000 ton paint line with Galvalume capability. We will follow the same stringent sustainability model as our other steel making facilities with state of the art environmental processes. Our existing steel mills and a fraction of the greenhouse gas emission intensity actually by 12% of average worlds steel making technology, with an 94 inch coil width, one inch thick, 100 KSI product capability. The Texas mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc furnace flat-rolled steel reduces, competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model with foreign competition. As you know the steel mill is strategically located in Sinton, Texas near Corpus Christi. We have targeted three regional sales markets for the mill representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption in the Southern and West coast, United States and Mexico. We also plan to effectively compete with heavy imports in Houston and the West coast. Our customers are excited to have the regional flat-rolled steel supplier. There is several customers in discussions with one already committed to locate on site with us, and a second close behind, these two customers alone will represent over 800,000 tons of local steel processing and consumption capability. The Sinton location provides a significant freight benefit to most of our intended customers relative to their current supply chain options. We believe the potential customer savings related to freight alone are a minimum of $20 to $30 per ton, and for some much higher. This freight advantage along with much shorter lead times provides a differentiated supply chain solution, allowing us to not only be the preferred domestic steel supplier in Southern and Western U.S., but also to effectively compete with imports, which inherently have long lead times and speculative pricing risk. From a raw material perspective, our metals recycling operations already control significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico through scrap management agreements, much of which is prime. As I mentioned in March, we are also planning to acquire a Mexican scrap company as part of our raw material strategy for Sinton. Their primary operations are strategically located near high volume industrial scrap sources through Central and Northern Mexico. The company currently ships approximately 500,000 gross tons of scrap annually, but as an estimated annual processing capability of about two million tons. After closing, we plan to ramp up volume fairly quickly. We are currently waiting for Mexican regulatory approval, as well as other closing requirements that are expected to close in the coming months. We believe our unique operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating cost effective and highly profitable EAF steel mills positions us incredibly well to successfully execute the Sinton project. As I said before, we are not simply adding flat-rolled production capability. We have a differentiated product offering a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and an import alternative to region in need of options. Our unique culture and the execution of the long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through consistent, strong cash flow generation and a long-term value creation, differentiating us from our competition and demonstrating our sustainability. Again, our commitment is the health and safety of our people, our families and our communities, all while supporting our vendors, serving our customers, and sustaining our value creation journey. Our team is simply incredible. I would like to thank each of them for their patience, resilience and commitment during these tough times. They have an indomitable spirit that drives us to excel and also a very special thank you to the healthcare providers and their families within steel dynamics, and those serving individuals across the globe. Thank you. Be safe be well. And Michelle, please open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Hi Mark and Theresa and thanks for the comments. Just interested in the outlook side or what you have seen so far in April, obviously the chart you provided, your presentation had utilizations in 80%. Mark, you are above the average that fall into the mid-50s in the last couple of weeks. Just wanted if you could comment on how steel days going so far in April and maybe based on your order book, what you might expect that to be during 2Q, I know it is a difficult question, but just wondering if you can provide some color on the ground.
Mark Millett: Well, certainly. I think as you said, it is an incredibly difficult question. Not so sure our crystal ball is clearer than others, but I will say that it is positive looking through the lens of our order book and our order input right. I read this morning in American Metal, individuals saying, well, nobody is buying, I guess perhaps they are not buying from other people, but they are buying from us. I believe that obviously energy is going to be very stagnant for the rest of this year into next year. Automotive is going to come back again, one doesnt necessarily know exactly when, but the expectation is late this month and through May, but the bright spot is certainly is construction. As I mentioned earlier construction tends to lag market downturn, you know we saw it in 2015, we saw it in 2008, 2009. It tends to lag the downturn in the market by about four to six months, because operations or projects tend to be pre-funded and we are seeing that in our new millennium building fabrication business and our structure mill. As I said, new millennium extremely strong backlog despite some project push backs. But there is nothing real meaningful change yet and we are very, very strong, have a large market share in the distribution warehouse market that obviously given people staying at home and the expansion of Amazons and they alike that remains a growth area in all honesty. Structural rail division, backlog is currently solid certainly through May. Did see a $25 price decrease just recently, but I do believe that people will recognize that we are toughing out of the bottom of the market, the scrap is going to be somewhat stable here in the next month or two. So those that have been hanging on the sidelines not buying will likely come to market. In that arena, in the beam arena heavy structurals distribution is certainly slowed as they whittled down their inventories, they are now prism tight and we are starting to see them come back and buy as they need. The fabricators, that business is still strong as they supply the ongoing construction projects. The rail is actually very, very strong for us at the - rail division and rebar is an addition for us. Compared to past downturns, the product portfolio of structural rail division is much more diverse today and we wont see the debt of low utilization rate. And if you remember back in 2009, 2010 that business went to 30%, 35% utilization, still remaining somewhat profitable. But that is not going to happen this time. It is a much more diversified product one can make and so that should whether this along very, very well. Engineered bar that is seeing a little softness right there. Obviously automotive is down, energy too is down there and so that is one arena that is probably as soft as anything going on in our product portfolio.  Flat-rolled remains relatively robust, is probably too strong word. But, would tug in those operations to run around about 80%. utilization. That for us seems to be a good balance between fixed costs absorption and pricing. And it appears that we should be able to sustain that targeted output certainly for April, certainly for May, and we were confident that we can do that in June as well. So generally, I think it is obviously quarter-over-quarter. It is going to be a tough couple of months for us. But we are positive.
Chris Terry: Okay, thanks. Thanks for call Mark. I will leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Gagliano: Hi thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a solid start to obviously a challenging year. I just want to follow-up on the prior question. If we look at, Slide 11, 94% utilization rates in the first quarter. What is that number today?
Theresa Wagler: Dave, I think that is what Mark just really tried to address. So we have not - there are a couple of things that I think differentiates us. One is that we continue to operate 24x7. And so with that, we get the orders and we gain market share during environment like this, especially as others, higher cost production is being shut down. Right now, we are still operating at a very good utilization rate across the platform. The most challenged division frankly is our engineered bar division. And that is because they are tied to both the energy market and to just general industrial. Once automotive comes back and more specifically for engineered bar, in Caterpillar, John deere, et cetera, start to operating again and I think that scheduled, the last chart sizing was toward the mid the end of May, you just start to see that crack. But that being said, it is a very difficult environment. It is just we are able to gain market share. And we are very nimble in order entry and working with the customers and that tends to make it lot in very difficult environments, our utilization stays higher. The other point is the internal volume that is not to be overlooked. So fabrication is still incredibly strong with a record backlog. They need steel, they will be buying that steel from our own steel mills. The same thing with regarding to our internal processing divisions, so Heartland, United Steel Supply, et cetera. They need steel, they will be buying that from our internal steel mills. So that helps our utilization profile and not - most of our - if any of our competitors have that same lever to pull. So we cant give you an exact percentage number today. Frankly, I dont know what the exact percentage would be overall, but I know that we feel good about where we are and that the teams are doing a great job.
David Gagliano: Okay, thanks for the additional color. The commentary was targeting 80% on the flat side, how about - you know is there a target for the remainder of the year in the product mix?
Mark Millett: Well, I think structural should remain in that sort of 75% to 80% range. Again, the merchant shapes, probably less than that. Again, merchant shapes around tend not to be a massive part of our earnings profile anyway, but three out of four of our principal mills Butler, Columbus and Structural Rail Division are targeting that 75% to 80% utilization rate. As Theresa said, engineered bar right now looks pretty softer than that.
Theresa Wagler: So Dave just as an example, if you go back to 2015, which I would suggest is last week on steel environment, that we have seen the overall, generally our operations even at that time we are operating at over 70%, on the flat-rolled side they were actually operating closer to 90%. It is always more challenging in the long product side, because there is just extra capacity out in the system as it relates to long products and because they are all electric-arc furnace based. But today we would suggest that we just have more internal levers to pull. And so we wouldnt think that necessarily overall when you grew both flat and long has as much impact as it might have at one point in time.
David Gagliano: Okay, I will leave it at that. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Exane BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning Mark and Theresa, thanks for taking my question. With regards to the cost performance that we have seen in the business, as you continued to grow your processing volumes, utilizing some internal and some third-party substrate, can you give us a sense of how thats impacting your overall fixed cost base for the business? Again, if we think about how you are positioned in 2020 compared to past downturns, should we consider the growth and processing is essentially more verbalizing your cost base versus history or should we think about this in a different way perhaps. And then secondly, just one more follow-up with regards to Sinton, I wonder if you can please give a little bit of color with regards to decision to continue with the same three million ton target, given the weakness in oil and gas yourself, how did that being weak trough 2021, and plan for one million times going into energy. How do we think about that three million ton target in the current market environment versus the dynamics. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Okay. Seth, good morning. I think I have all the questions written down. So the first question is about the adding of the manufacturing businesses or the processing businesses, there is two points that you should keep in mind. One is, you are correct, it is encrypting the variability of our cost structures, but again, as a reminder, each of our operating platforms is already over 85% variable cost, but this helps that as well. The other component to recognize is that because they are buying steel and using steel as a substrate that is impacting our cost of goods sold by having steel run through cost of goods sold, which is higher priced. And so just anecdotally, in the first quarter, we had about 15% of our cost of goods sold was associated with those steel purchases from the converting companies. From a Sinton perspective Mark, I will let you handle the, the energy question.
Mark Millett: Yes, for sure. I think that the mill is structured or designed for three million tons is not like a conventional since based EAF where you have two casters, this has one caster with a three million ton capability. And as such it is not a matter of doing half the plant or anything like that. Nor do we would be defensive about doing so. Obviously the export would be adjusted somewhat to demand, but again the energy market are pretty tougher at this time. But as one - for those that have been in the industry for a significant amount of time things do cycle, that their market will come back. But the advantage of the Sinton facility is its geographic location, we are not dependent on one single market product. We have got around about 27 million tons of market capability. When you look at the Southwest. You look at the West Coast and you look at Mexico. And we can ship that product between energy and automotive and construction. And we feel that the investment premise remains totally, totally intact.
Theresa Wagler: And as just a quick point on that, from an energy perspective last year, I think there are other shipments, about 7% was related to energy. But that was primarily at our engineered bar division at Columbus. So within that number, we also shipped quite a bit of volume from our steel, West Virginia facility into solar. So our energy number also includes solar and solar is still something that is actually increasing in demand during this time as well.
Seth Rosenfeld: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning, and hope everyone is healthy and safe.
Mark Millett: Likewise, Timna.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Timna Tanners: Thank you. I wanted to just drill down a little bit into your cash flow philosophy. So I heard you - maybe Theresa, I misheard. Can you clarify you said for the remainder of the year CapEx is 1.2 billion which sounds like your CapEx forecast is intact at 1.4 billion or did I hear that wrong. If and you also went on to say that you could adjust it if needed, but you are not adjusting it. And you also said that you just authorized further buybacks and just completed what is it 170 million buybacks in the quarter. So I kind of get the impression that now Steel Dynamics is operating as if the impact of reduced demand and COVID-19 impact is a shorter term phenomenon and kind of getting back to normal later in the year? That is what Im piecing together from your comments on the CapEx and then the buybacks. But I just wanted a little bit more thought on how you are thinking philosophically about the rest of the year and CapEx and buyback? Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: Great. So let me clarify, you are right concerning the capital expenditures currently for 2020. We started the year saying, we expect you to spend about 1.4, we spent a little over 200 million in the first quarter. So for the remainder of the year, there is 1.2 billion mark, of that 1.2 billion, over 700 million of that is actually late in the second half of the year and it is related to Sinton. As we progress Timna through the second quarter, we believe we are going to gain a lot of visibility as a state, for lack of a better word reopen on what that means for steel consumption and on our own operations for the remainder of 2020. As we progress to the second quarter, should we think that we want to potentially take some of that capital and push it into 2021. We can make that decision to do that at that time. But right now, from what we are seeing, as Mark mentioned, how the mills are operating and the market share and the activity that we are seeing, we dont believe that that decision is something that we are making today. As it relates to our share repurchases. We repurchased 107 million in the first quarter. Most of that was purchased within January and February timeframe, but you should expect to see from us in the second quarter, is that we will be watching the markets, watching the impact of the Corona virus and you will see us heavily into the share buyback market at that point in time and then we will reassess for the second half of the year. The reason the Board authorized an additional 500 million in February of this year is simply because we think share repurchases during periods of excess cash flow is an important tool to have and so we wanted to have that tool, because we actually only had I think about $40 million to $50 million left on a previous program. Does that help clarify how we are thinking about things?
Timna Tanners: Yes, absolutely. Because I was having a difficult time squaring some of those comments with the market environment. Okay. So I guess just as a follow-up if I could, can you just talk a little bit about when you think you will have more visibility on construction? So like you said, construction is late cycle. You wouldnt see cancellations yet on that, but it sounds like that could start to flow through later in a year. I just wanted to get a little bit more thought on when you would start to see any impact on your backlog or any commentary from what you are seeing on the ground level because we are hearing that private sector activity is kind of drying up. So Im just wondering if that is in-line with what you are hearing as well. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, Timna I have seen the same commentary and it seems to be a little disconnected to higher actual order book and what we have seen, and as I have said quite consistently, our real lens for SDI is through that order book and through the inquiry, right. And all that remains quite strong. The analogy, if you look at the 2008, 2009 downturn, which was pretty significant onto itself, we saw the structural rail division offering pretty consistently into the summer of 2009. That was a good four, five, six months of strong sort of continuation from pre-funded projects and we are seeing as I said - a large part of our business is in the distribution warehouse arena and that is, I would say is expanding more than contracting. So I think we see things optimistically. We were also very, very realistic and I just want to go back to what you are saying about is there a dichotomy between the markets and what was saying relative to a strategy. But Im going to ramble a little bit, I think, but you know, probably some of the members of the SDI team been in the business probably longer than anyone on the call and probably mostly leadership in steel companies. And we have seen the 80, 81, we lived through and managed through 2001, 2002, when 45% of the industry was in insolvency through 2008, 2009. We lived through 2015. So we are very realistic and recognize the impact in the market change and manage to that. And I think we have demonstrated through our 25, 26 year history, that we are very intentional, we are very disciplined, and we are actually conservative. At that same time and in periods like this, leaders and you have got one of the best leadership teams in the world here. They need to lead, they shouldnt be seeking cover, we need to be seeking opportunity. And that is where we think Sinton is a very, very good investment, a very good opportunity, and we will continue to go down that path. That being said, just to reemphasize what Theresa said, we are continuing to reassess our order books, the market, cash flow generation, and we will adjust as we see fit. But I think it is very, very important to recognize that. Again, a lot of the CapEx for Sinton is through the back end toward the end of the year here. And it is a huge lever that we can pull if necessary.
Timna Tanners: Okay. And by lever you mean to delay right? I dont envision you are talking about, like you pulling it per say, right?
Theresa Wagler: No, what we are just talking about delaying it Timna.
Timna Tanners: Right.
Theresa Wagler: And one other point, and - you really cant forget the strength of the working capital for us. And the funding sources it can be if necessary.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Really helpful, guys. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from our line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hey. Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, can you talk a little bit about the onsite customers that you are going to have on Sinton, I think it was part of your script on Sinton, but I just wanted to be sure because I think you have said over 800,000 tons of local are onsite processing and obviously that is a big chunk of the three million tons that you are looking to get? So one, I just want to make sure I heard that correctly and two where do you think that can go as this project evolves?
Mark Millett: Well, I think we have got one sign and a second very, very, very close to signing. There is a preference on their part not to submit names at this moment in time. But you are right, the two of them would amount to about 800,000 tons of consumption and processing capability. We probably have another - not probably, we do have four other interested customers that have been given full packages, lease packages and those sorts of things. They just slowed a little bit because of the situation we are in. But we are confident that we are going to get those folks to. But it is a very I think important part of the overall strategy at that note.
Theresa Wagler: Collectively, it is likely to be somewhere over a one million tons of onsite capability.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. Well that is helpful. So talking, basically a third kind of built in onsite there. I think that there are tax benefits or deferrals or accelerated depreciation on years where new assets go into service. Let us just say 2021 is intact for Sinton at least as it is today. What should we be thinking about the size of just the accelerated depreciation, you know benefits in terms of tax avoidance in the year, it goes into service, because obviously with two billion of spending it could be pretty meaningful.
Theresa Wagler: You know, so we dont have exact numbers, but I would estimate that of the $1.9 billion, you are likely to have accelerated depreciation on at least 80% to 85% of that number.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. Would you take that all in year one? I guess all the assets go into service in 2021?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. So that would all be recorded in 2021 year sort of.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Well thank you very much and good morning. I hope you guys all well. Just two quick questions from me, first of all on oil, obviously this weeks oil volatility, how do you guys think about that? Just aside from what it could do to investment in the energy sector on tubular steel and so on and so forth. You know when you kind of saw what happened yesterday to price is what kind of went through your mind in terms of are there any opportunities for steel dynamics that we should be thinking about and what are the less obvious challenges as well? So maybe just give a little framework, if you will, around how you are kind of thinking about the oil price move yesterday. And I guess the second question is more on construction. Can you give a little bit more granularity there? When we look at the residential and non-residential construction numbers, there seems to be as much weakness as the restraints and has been for the last year also. You guys seems to be exposed to the strength of it. So could you give a little bit more granularities where are you seeing that strength in any particular areas? Is it res or non-res, you know, geographically more South than North and so on. That would be very helpful. Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: Well, certainly well regarding the energy markets. I think yesterday it was quite incredible and Im not so sure we have had time to digest. But just in general, obviously the immediate impact is on the energy markets, pipe and tube. And that was, that is not just a COVID thing, that obviously is Russia and Saudi Arabia doing that thing. And the low energy prices will expand the downturn there that is 8% to 10%, I guess of the steel market in normal times. But we looked at that as a pretty stagnant market rest of the year going into this year and next year, first half of next year anyway. I guess the positive, well one is scrap tends to move down with oil, not for sure that the physical markets would allow that to occur in May, we are looking - perhaps shouldnt move down in May, but we think given the physical market, it is probably a sideways market moving forward, but that may change here in the next week or two. What I do think is that the pressure on the energy market is going on in turn put pressure on the integrated mills. And I think that you have seen a pretty dramatic idling of integrated capacity, last one is capacity here over the last four or five, six weeks. And if you look back over a longer period, you know the last couple of years, there has been a much more frequent turn-on, turn-off of some of that capacity as they suffer pretty strong economic pressure. And I think a sustained downturn in the energy markets will make some of those assets - it is going to be a tough decision that ever bring them back. But I think it may as a positive may help rationalize the industry to some small degree. Sorry. And then you had the second question on construction granularity. Again, there certainly has been weakness in the northeast, but that has tended to be more projects or construction locations actually being shut down by the states. We certainly see strength in fact. We certainly, as I said see strength in that distribution warehouse arena.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gordon Johnson with GLJ Research. Please proceed with your question.
Gordon Johnson: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. This question may have been asked, but I was wondering if I could get a little bit more color on your shipments expected across some of the different lines, know you said your utilization had dropped to 75%, 80%, can we get maybe a little more color on kind of what you see in Q2, and maybe some of the green shoots you see in a second half?
Theresa Wagler: No we are not going to get too specific for two different reasons. One is that we generally dont give that type of guidance. And the second reason is especially going into the environment that we are in right now, there is not a lot of visibility. And so we want to make sure that we are being appropriate. But I think what Mark was suggesting is that we intend to see utilization, or at least we are planning for utilization, higher flat-rolled operations, somewhere in that 75% to 80% range and traditionally even in 2015, we were actually operated about 90%. So, we generally gain market share in flat-rolled during periods of weakness. And we are seeing that today as well. And we dont see a driver for that to change throughout the quarter. Along product side is more difficult. So in the structural and rail arena, we expect to maintain higher utilization in that 75% to 80% range because of the order backlog as it sits today, and because construction is continuing for us in that arena, and with the addition of rail, and rebar that product diversification helps our facility. Across the other long product mill, it is more difficult. So you are going to see the most weakness in our mind and the special bar quality or the SBQ arena. And then, that is distributed throughout. So that is probably about as much clarity or granularities we can provide the volumes at this point.
Gordon Johnson: Okay, that is helpful. And then one last one, in the checks we have done, it seems like you guys are doing quite well in the construction space, particularly against the integrated mills. Is there any I guess approach you guys have or color you can provide on I guess incremental attempts to share that space? Is that accurate that you guys are doing quite well in the construction space against your integrated peers and thanks for the question.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. No that is absolutely correct especially - I dont know if it wasnt just impurities like this in the first quarter, our structural rail team did a fantastic job on the construction side and pulling in volume. And if you are speaking more specifically about our fabrication business, we have been gaining market share in that arena as well and the team is doing incredibly well. And Mark point out is more specifically in that warehouse arena, but we have been taking market share and we would expect to continue to do that.
Gordon Johnson: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank.  Please proceed with your question.
Sean Wondrack: Hi, Mark and Theresa, and thank you very much for all the information today. Just to look at the auto market, you know I think you had mentioned that some of the auto manufacturers are looking to come back online in the next few weeks. Can you talk about like are you starting to hear from them more like more order inquiry and also sort of for the industry I realize you guys are a great operator and you are going to have the ability to potentially take share this year. What is sort of your baseline, if you have one yet, a baseline forecast for auto production do you assume 10% this year, curious about that. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: The question relates to automotive and it relates to the perspective of as they start to roll on and we have been taking market share specifically with the European auto makers, et cetera, would we expect to continue to take that market share and what are we thinking about from a volume perspective? So how much will fuel consumption volumes or auto builds from another perspective and how much will that be down if they get to one million to 1.5 million is what Im seeing. And then the perspective just around what do we feel about continuing to take that market share related to automotive.
Mark Millett: Got it okay. Well I would suggest that as I said earlier, my crystal ball is probably no better than anyone elses on the call and not the whole recovery is subject to when folks get back into the marketplace and at what speed do they ramp up. From present information it appears that automotive will stop rolling back during the end of the mid to end of next week and all the way through May depending on which company, there is a backlog of vehicles, right the second so how quick recovery is difficult to gauge. You look at a past troughs it tends to replenish - they have been in position to replenish inventory and pent up demand. Im not so sure we will see that this time around. To qualify our gain in market share is relative to time is a tough thing, but all I can say is the facilities are sort of armed and ready to go. And it is our flexibility across all markets. It is not just the auto, but all markets that allows us to take off opportunistic gains. It is going to be a while before the integrated mills just saw turning on all their idled capacity. One would imagine that they need to see some visibility and transparency for a market that is only has got positive momentum, and their pricing also has positive momentum. And that is not going to happen just because the automotive - one or two [indiscernible] brought up. So there is that time period and it is a matter of months and maybe longer at this time around, who knows, but it is a matter of months where the flexibility of electric-arc-furnace operations can take advantage of the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Tumazos : Thank you very much. How much of the Butler and Columbus mill tonnage used to be scalp for welded to for energy exploration and in the plan for Sinton? And should we just assume that those volumes become construction steels given the short-term crude oil outlook?
Mark Millett: Well John, I would say Butler, the energy scalp is not a massive part of their portfolio. And so we tend to see hot roll coil dependence fully is not really related to the oil and gas and given the value-add diversification there, we dont really have a massive amount of hotline to sell to be honest. Columbus, certainly has greater exposure. And if you remember when we purchased the mill in 2014 that was a dominantly an energy pipe supplier, and I think back then it was 30% maybe 40% of its output.
Theresa Wagler: It was over 40% energy.
Mark Millett: Since then the team really catalyzed by the downturn in energy in 2015. The team has done a phenomenal job diversifying that asset, adding greater towing capabilities, adding paint line, adding a variety of high strength type of great steel there, getting into automotive, getting into Mexico. So, both the product and the market diversification there has totally transformed the entity. And so it is through sight learning today, there is nothing like that 2015 as much higher. That being said, it is probably 10%, maybe 15% energy related.
Theresa Wagler: So John, just overall, to put a point on it. Last year our shipments we only had 7% that were related across the company that were related to energy. And some of that included solar. So that was a high premium grade in OCTG that sort of thing. So it is not that much of our business, either last year or today at this point. And then as it relates to Sinton, we will also be competing we think very effectively with imports and I think that is something that people should recognize as well.
John Tumazos : Thank you. Congratulations on being the old man in the call Mark, I can simply tie wherever you want.
Mark Millett: I will be respectful, but you and I both know.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hey Theresa, could you provide the mix of sheet products as typical?
Theresa Wagler: I apologize, Phil. I didnt. I have it here though. So for flat-rolled shipment, I know a lot of you use it for your models, our hot-rolled coil and our pickled in oil shipments were 891,000 tons, our cold rolled shipments where 151,000 tons and our coated shipments were 948,000 tons for a total of 1,990,000 tons. Apologies.
Phil Gibbs: No worries. That is all. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Charles Bradford: Good morning and I have got both of you guys beat on age, but the question goes down to a little bit coming maybe out of your bailiwick, but apparently U.S. deal has dropped out of membership of the AISI that may impact the quality of the industry data that we get. Have you seen any change in the quality? Im thinking especially of the usually pretty bad operating rate figures.
Mark Millett: Chuck, I would say we have not seen any change that nor have we analyzed it to be honest.
Charles Bradford: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Kenyon with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Tyler Kenyon: Hey, good morning Mark and Theresa, I hope you are both doing well. Theresa, just a quick one for me, do you anticipate any relief in 2020 from the recently passed Cares Act, payroll tax deferrals, enhanced deductibility of interest expense, et cetera. In any way to bracket what kind of cash when relief they could provide in 2020.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Given the analysis that we have done, I really cant put a great bracket around it, but at this point in time, Tyler it is not something that we are viewing as will be significant for us. There is definitely the payroll tax relief would have an impact, but apart from that given our expectations on operating in the different areas they are helping either smaller companies or companies that are not doing as well as we are. I dont think it is going to be something that is meaningful at this point. If that changes, we will be sure to let you know.
Tyler Kenyon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett : Well, thank you Michelle and thank you everyone on the call. I just would like to emphasize, Im a pretty optimistic guy and if you were surrounded by the team we have at SDI, you would have that same optimism. And it is really based on SDIs position. And I suggest even in these tough times, and the SDI team shines in moments of challenge and we are in a position of strength. Our business model is built to be resilient in tough markets. We have a high variable cost structure, 85% of our cost structure is variable. We got a broad value-added product portfolio, and we have strong pull through volume, as we have suggested from our internal downstream operations. All that builds a high utilization rate we have demonstrated in every trough higher utilization rates than our competition. And when you have capital intense deal assets, volume is absolutely critical. And that translates into better financial metrics that to cycle. So we are still confident in our cash generation capability. We are still confident in our financial foundation and we are battling each and every day, but our orders continue to flow in. So we do remain positive. That being said, we are incredibly intentional. And we recognize that we need to be assessing markets and our position almost each and every day. We have demonstrated that in the past and we will demonstrate that going forward. So for all of you. Thank you for being on the call. Customers and employees seriously, thank you, you make SDI who we are today, and everyone be healthy, be safe. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be following at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today January 23rd, 2020 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics' fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have leaders for our operating platforms including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Operations Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group; and Barry Schneider Senior Vice President Flat Roll Steel Group. For our Southwest Strategy, we have Miguel Alvarez, Senior Vice President Southwest U.S. and Mexico; and for our Fabrication Operations, Jim Anderson, Vice President, Steel Fabrication. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate, or words of similar meaning, they are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the related press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the headings forward-looking statements and risk factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and if applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2019 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia and welcome. Good morning everybody and happy 2020. Thanks for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. We certainly appreciate your time today. To begin, I would like to thank the entire SDI team and their families for their extraordinary dedication and passion. 2019 represented a period of market challenge yet the team achieved numerous operational milestones as well as a strong financial performance, record steel shipments, record fabrication shipments to name just two. 2019 represented the third best year since our inception in 1993, the best testament to the superior performance of our teams and our differentiated business model. And to impart clarity, Theresa will provide insights into our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning. I add my sincere appreciation and congratulations to the entire Steel Dynamics team. It was a strong year with many operational milestones as well as being one of the best years financially. Revenues of $10.5 billion derived from record steel and fabrication volumes represented our second highest annual performance. Operating income of $987 million and net income of $671 million or $3.04 per diluted share represented our third best annual performance. Cash flow from operations of $1.4 billion and EBITDA of $1.3 billion represented our second and third best performances respectively and notably, the achievement of gaining an investment-grade credit rating designation and recognition of our capital foundation and capital allocation philosophy. Regarding our fourth quarter 2019 performance, net income was $121 million or $0.56 per diluted share which includes financing costs related to our December 2019 refinancing activities of approximately $0.01 per diluted share and lower earnings resulting from our two planned annual maintenance outages at our Butler and Columbus Flat Roll Division of approximately $0.05 per diluted share. The outage has also impacted fourth quarter flat-rolled steel shipments by an estimated 70,000 tons to 80,000 tons. Fourth quarter earnings were above our mid-quarter guidance of $0.49 per diluted share to $0.53 per diluted share primarily due to stronger-than-anticipated December steel shipments. Excluding these items, fourth quarter 2019 adjusted net income would have been $0.62 per diluted share above our adjusted guidance of $0.55 to $0.59 per diluted share. Fourth quarter 2019 revenues were $2.4 billion, 18% lower than fourth quarter 2018 sales and 6% lower than sequential third quarter results, as average realized steel prices declined. Our fourth quarter 2019 operating income was $182 million, 50% lower than prior year fourth quarter earnings and 20% lower than sequential third quarter results due to lower realized flat-rolled steel pricing which more than offset the benefit of lower scrap costs. As we discuss our business this morning, you will find we are constructive considering underlying steel demand and optimistic concerning our unique earnings catalysts. Within our steel operations, fourth quarter shipments declined sequentially a modest 2% to 2.7 million tons. However, our steel volumes increased 3% compared to last year as value-added shipments from our Flat Roll operations grew. Our average quarterly realized external steel sales price decreased $45 per ton sequentially to $764 in the fourth quarter. And average scrap costs only declined $32 per ton causing lower steel metal margins. The result was fourth quarter steel operating income of $201 million, 16% lower than third quarter results due to our planned Flat Roll outages, seasonally lower shipments and lower realized steel pricing. For the full year 2019, our steel facilities achieved numerous production and shipment records. The platform's operating income was $1 billion less than third -- excuse me less than record 2018 results of $1.9 billion due to lower flat-rolled steel metal margin. Annual overall metal spread declined from the historical highs experienced in 2018. Everyone should be proud as 2019 was a challenging steel environment based on significant customer destocking. While we achieved record annual steel shipments of 10.8 million tons in 2019, we still have additional market opportunity with annual steel shipping capability of over 13 million tons. We continue to grow our internal manufacturing capability during 2019. It's a powerful strategic advantage to have internal processing capability to sustain higher steel mill utilization during weaker demand environments to create optionality of supply for our customers and to allow for value-added product upside in all market environments. For our metals recycling platform fourth quarter ferrous price indices declined approximately $35 per gross ton and volumes were seasonally lower. This challenging market resulted in a fourth quarter operating loss of $5 million compared to operating income of $3 million sequentially. As spare scrap prices declined in eight of 12 months during 2019, our metals recycling operations annual operating income decreased to $28 million in 2019 compared to $88 million in 2018. Approximately 65% of our metals recycling ferrous shipments serve our own steel mills increasing scrap quality, melt efficiency and reducing company-wide working capital. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both platforms. As a company we reintroduced over 11 million tons of recycled ferrous materials and 1.1 billion pounds of recycled nonferrous materials into the manufacturing life cycle in 2019. For our fabrication business fourth quarter 2019 operating income of $33 million remained aligned with sequential result and was our third best quarter. The team also achieved record quarterly shipments in what is traditionally a seasonally slower time frame substantially offsetting a modest decline in prices. For full year 2019, our fabrication operations achieved record shipments of 644,000 tons and operating income of $119 million, almost double last year's earnings. Order activity was strong throughout 2019 supporting higher average sales prices as average steel input costs declined resulting in margin expansion. We continue to see strong order inquiry and customer optimism. We're beginning the year with a strong project backlog. Our cash generation continues to be incredibly strong. During the fourth quarter 2019, we generated $409 million of cash flow from operations and for the full year $1.4 billion, our second best year. 2019 capital investments totaled $452 million of which $205 million related to our new Sinton Texas flat-rolled steel mill investment. We currently estimate 2020 full year capital investments to be in the range of $1.4 billion; $1.2 billion allocated to the Sinton Texas steel mill; $60 million to complete Columbus' third galvanizing line which should start operating mid-2020; and the remaining $140 million related to smaller growth projects or sustaining projects. Regarding shareholder distributions, after a 28% increase in first quarter of 2019, we maintained our cash dividend for the fourth quarter at $0.24 per common share. We also repurchased $56 million of our common stock during the fourth quarter totaling $349 million for the full year 2019 with $51 million remaining authorized for repurchase at the end of the year. Since 2016, we've invested $1.1 billion repurchasing approximately 14% of our outstanding shares. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure, consistent cash flow capability and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We achieved record liquidity of $2.8 billion at December 31, 2019 representing $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.2 billion of available funding under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Regarding our new Sinton Texas flat-rolled steel mill, the investment is still expected to be approximately $1.9 billion. We just received the required environmental permits last week allowing full construction efforts to begin with the current expectation of operations beginning midyear 2021. Based on this timeline, we estimate the remaining capital investment to be approximately $1.7 billion, again, $1.2 billion to be funded in 2020 with the remaining $500 million to be funded in the first half of 2021. We've also been awarded approximately $155 million in state and local incentive benefits that will be received over time. Collectively, our primary strategic growth investments provide an estimated incremental annual future EBITDA of over $425 million on a through-cycle historical spread basis. The estimate includes our planned Sinton Texas steel mill and the third galvanizing line at Columbus, as well as our two operational rebar expansions. In October, we received an investment grade rating designation from three rating agencies. We filed this upgrade in December with the syndication of a new $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and the execution of our inaugural investment-grade notes offering. We issued $400 million of 2.8% notes, and $600 million of 3.45% notes. We used the proceeds to repay $700 million of existing 5.125% notes and for other general corporate purposes. We're very appreciative and excited concerning the incredible receptiveness of the investment-grade market. These transactions extended our debt maturity profile and will reduce annual interest costs. Receiving the designation of investment-grade is a natural progression of our strategic growth and recognition of our strong balance sheet profile and sustainable through cash free  sustainable through-cycle free cash flow generation capability. Due to the strength and optionality within our capital structure, and the free cash flow generating business model, we have the flexibility for continued growth and responsible shareholder distributions, while also being dedicated to preserving investment-grade credit ratings. Our capital allocation still prioritizes responsible strategic growth with appropriate shareholder distributions comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable growth and optimized long-term shareholder value creation. For those of you that track more specifically our flat-rolled shipments. For the fourth quarter, we had hot rolled and pickled and oiled shipments of 838,000 tons; cold rolled shipments of 167,000 tons; and finally coated shipments of 911,000 tons. Thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Thanks for the detail. I think it profiles an incredible job by an incredible team. As we've always suggested and execute upon safety is always  has been our number one value and our first priority. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe environment for our people. Our 2019 incident rate crept up slightly and our lost time rate ticked up a little above our 2018 record low. But most importantly, our severity rate continued to improve in 2019. While our safety performance remains significantly better than our industry averages, it's not enough. We all must be continuously aware of our surroundings and our team members around us. Safety must always be top of mind, and I challenge all of us to remain focused and to keep moving toward our ultimate goal of no injuries. The fabrication platform delivered an outstanding performance with the team achieving record annual earnings and shipments. Profit margins expanded as average 2019 product pricing rose and raw material steel input costs declined. Additionally, the fabrication platform provided increased utilization for our steel operations, purchasing over 438,000 tons of steel internally. The fabrication group is confident regarding 2020. Despite seasonality, they achieved record fourth quarter volumes. The order backlog is even stronger entering 2020 than it was this time last year, and the customer base is optimistic concerning non-residential construction projects. Our metals recycling team also supported our steel operations by supplying over one-third of our steel mill scrap requirements during the year. 2019 was particularly difficult in the metals recycling industry with ferrous scrap prices declining in each of eight months. The combination of trade and uncertainty around China's environmental policies also pressured recycled non-ferrous prices and demand. This month-over-month price drop decreased earnings during the year. But within this backdrop, the team continued to focus on efficiency gains which yielded sustainable positive results. Prime scrap prices have normalized, increasing approximately $80 per gross ton since October, recovering from the tepid demand environment caused by low-middle utilization rates manifested by numerous maintenance outages and coupled with an uptick in export activity. A stable or rising market should return the recycling platform to more normalized earnings. Longer term, with steady scrap supply from the manufacturing base and the potential for additional scrap substitute production in the United States, we believe scrap supply will outpace demand creating a positive steel mill -- steel margin environment. The steel team delivered a strong performance with record 2019 shipments and numerous production records. Our steel processing and conversion locations also supported our steel mills. Including the fabrication platform, we transferred over 1.4 million tons of steel internally or about 13% of our total 2019 steel shipments. Our manufacturing businesses provide a powerful utilization level for our steel mills, increasing through-cycle utilization thereby compressing fixed costs and supporting solid cash flow generation. Even though 2019 was one of our best years, it was challenged by high customer steel inventories throughout the supply chain as many customers purchased beyond normal demand levels in 2018. While domestic steel demand remained steady through the year, inventory destocking drove flat-rolled steel prices lower. As an example, average 2019 hot-rolled coil price indices decreased over $225 per ton. Fortunately, pricing firmed in the fourth quarter as destocking subsided and inventory levels were right sized. Long product steel pricing and shipments remain pressured by excess domestic supply and continued import competition. However, we are seeing the benefits from our recent investments in product diversification and supply chain differentiation helping to offset some of these market pressures. Underlying domestic steel demand remains intact to the primary steel consuming sectors, including automotive and construction. Additionally, steel consumed by the pipeline infrastructure for the collection and distribution of liquids and gases continues to be strong and we expect it to remain so as the U.S. continues its energy independence journey. We believe North American steel consumption will continue to improve with Mexican growth outpacing that of the U.S. based on meaningful increases in Mexico's manufacturing base. Furthermore, we believe the U.S. trade position will continue to support moderated steel imports, and when coupled with the increased domestic steel content requirements included in the recent USMCA for automotive producers, provides a positive landscape for domestic steel production. We continue to competitively position Steel Dynamics for the future through optimization of our existing operations and differentiated growth investments. During 2019, we invested over $385 million in our steel platform. And specifically in the first quarter, we completed a 240,000 ton rebar expansion in our Structural and Rail Division. This differentiated rebar supply chain model is expected to meaningfully enhance customer optionality and flexibility, providing significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits for our customers. Including our 2018 Roanoke Bar rebar investment, we now have 440,000 tons of rebar capability shipping 40% of this volume in 2019. Market dependent, we plan to increase rebar shipments to over 375,000 tons in 2020. Within the flat roll group, the 2018 acquisition of Heartland provides value-added product diversification. The Heartland team achieved record annual shipments with no additional staffing in 2019. The 500,000-ton plus shipping volume represented over 60% of their expected 800,000-ton planned run rate. During 2020, we plan to hire additional team members to increase utilization to over 80%. Additionally, by allocating lighter gauge flat roll production to Heartland, our Butler Flat Roll Division has increased its value-added production output setting new volume records. I'd like to applaud the Heartland team for a highly successful integration into our family. We're also in the process of value-added growth at our Columbus Flat Roll Division. Columbus has transformed its product offering through the addition of the paint line and the introduction of more complex grades of flat rolled steel. The diversion of product to these diversified value-added outlets has reduced the volume of product available to our existing galvanized steel customers. To address this the lack of sufficient galvanizing capability, we're building a third galvanizing line at Columbus. The $140 million 400,000-ton galvanizing line will begin operations mid-2020. While satisfying our customer demand, the product realignment will decrease Columbus' hot rolled coil exposure allowing for an existing customer base in the region to provide a good baseload for our new Texas steel facility. And we continue to become even more excited about the material growth the construction of this new next-generation Sinton, Texas flat roll steel mill will deliver. Our construction and start-up team has an incredible depth of experience in the construction, start-up and operation of large steel manufacturing assets. Collectively, we believe they have more experience than exists in any other company in the industry. The core group began site work in the second half of 2019 and we're excited to announce the recent receipt of the required environmental permitting to allow for full construction efforts to begin. The Texas mill will follow the same stringent sustainability model as our other steelmaking facilities with state-of-the-art environmental processes. Our existing steel mills literally have a fraction of the energy intensity about 11% and greenhouse gas emission intensity of average world steelmaking technology. There's a tremendous amount of excitement both internally at SDI and outside as we continue to add engineers and professionals to the on-site team. We are moving fast and building our team. The new state-of-the-art 3 million ton steel mill will include value-added coating lines comprised of a 550,000-ton galvanizing line and a 250,000-ton paint line with Galvalume capability. The Texas mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc-furnace flat roll steel producers, competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. The mill will have the capability to produce higher-strength, tougher grades of flat rolled steel for the energy and automotive markets. This is due to having a cyclical section and a more conventional two-stage hot rolling process which allows for thermomechanical rolling. The mill will be capable of 84-inch wide 1-inch thick 100 ksi hot rolled coil product that is unavailable in the United States today. Additionally, large oiled coils will provide energy pipe producers intrinsic cost and yield savings. The configuration will also allow us to ship certain plate products on a limited basis, providing further product diversification. The steel mill is strategically located in Sinton, Texas, which is adjacent to Corpus Christi. The site has a significant competitive advantages, including geographic market position, power accessibility, freight benefits, water availability and constructability. The Sinton location provides a significant freight benefit to most of our intended customers relative to their current supply chain. Compared to the current domestic supply options, we expect the potential customer savings to be a minimum of $20 to $30 per ton and for some much higher. In addition, customers will be able to place orders with a much shorter lead time, providing significant delivery and working capital advantages. We have the opportunity to provide steel in terms of weeks versus months. These benefits provide a differentiated supply chain solution, allowing us to effectively compete with imports arriving in from Houston and the West Coast, which inherently have long lead times and speculative pricing risk. These advantages will also give the North American pipe producers a competitive supply chain to once again compete with the foreign pipe producers that have dominated the market. Customers are excited to have a regional flat rolled steel supplier and we have several customers already committed to locate on-site with us, representing over 800,000 tons -- annual tons of local steel processing and consumption capability. From a raw materials perspective, our metals recycling operations already control a significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico through scrap management agreements, much of which is prime scrap. We also plan to cost-effectively source pig iron through the port system so we are confident in our ability to procure high-quality raw materials in the region. We have three targeted regional sales markets, representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption and we believe this will increase in the coming years as Mexico continues to grow. We have 7 million tons from the four state region of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas, which has limited domestic regional supply and relies heavily on imports. Sinton lies in close proximity for both rail and truck delivery in this region. There are 4 million tons of consumption from the underserved West Coast region, which also relies heavily on imports and approximately 16 million tons from the growing Northern and mid-Central Mexican regions. In 2018, the Mexican market imported 7.5 million tons of flat-rolled steel. Based on their growing manufacturing base, we believe Mexican demand growth will continue to outpace supply making this an even more attractive underserved market in the coming years. Sinton will have the most freight advantaged shipments into this region from the U.S. We've been developing a flat-rolled steel strategy for these regions and Mexico for several years. We've been cultivating both customer and scrap relationships and we are confident in the long-term strategic value and investment profile this project provides. We thank the Sinton community for their continued enthusiastic support and truly look forward to growing together in the future. We believe our unique operating culture coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating cost-effective and highly profitable steel mills positions us well to execute the strategic initiatives. To be clear, we're not just adding flat-rolled steel production capacity. We're expanding our whole SDI business model into the Southwest and into Mexico. We will have a differentiated product portfolio. We will have a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage. We will effectively compete with steel imports and we have targeted regional markets. In conclusion, our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through consistent strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, differentiating us from our competition and demonstrating our sustainability, as recently recognized by our investment-grade rating designation. Our exceptional team provides the foundation for our success. I am proud of our recent inclusion as one of the world's most admired companies by Fortune Magazine. It is a testament to our incredible team. Each one contributes. Each one has an impact. And I thank each and every one of you for your passion and commitment to excellence. Remember to be safe for yourselves, your team and your families. We're committed to providing exemplary long-term value to our fellow colleagues, communities, customers and shareholders and look forward to creating new opportunities for all. So, again, thank you for your time today. Melissa, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Martin Englert with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Englert: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Martin Englert: Within the release and prepared remarks you noted expectations of modest demand growth in North America. What percentage growth do you think that implies? And perhaps if you can provide a little bit more detail maybe on specific end markets puts and takes, whether you're expecting ongoing growth and perhaps contraction.
Mark Millett: Yes certainly. I think we are incredibly constructive on the market in general going into 2020 and 2021 to be  for that matter. Because again underlying demand last year didn't dissipate. The whole price drop was the sort of a drawdown or destocking of customer inventory and that obviously is reversed here in the last couple of months of the year and going into 2020. And so, it's a very positive market. You have the two principal markets, flat roll markets automotive and construction in great, great shape and that represents 60%, 70% of the market. There's incredible optimism on the construction side. New manning and building systems, our fabrication platform has an incredible business going into the year and I think that bodes incredibly well for construction in general. And it also parallels with our pre-paint building products on the flat roll side. So construction we believe is going to be very, very strong in the year. As I mentioned earlier, we think the energy sort of pipeline infrastructure is going to be strong for the year and for the next two or three years, as we go down that path of energy independence and drawing all those energy products down to the Coast for export. Downhole energy is a little weak perhaps. But again, the improving demand environment -- and if you look at our order books generally, they've been very, very strong. Pricing is very, very robust. Lead times have stretched out. The 232 tariffs have had their impact, but just the trade environment in general is very positive. And obviously, the passage of the USMCA is already garnering results. We're certainly seeing foreign sort of auto producers that were bringing material in from Asia and from Europe looking for domestic sourcing and we've been the beneficiary and we've been picking up dramatic amount of market share there. On the long product side, again pretty bullish there. I think some of the cloud of uncertainty is lifting a little bit and there's general optimism. And as I've said in the past calls, engineered bar is our sort of bellwether for the steel-consuming environment. And generally, they're seeing a pretty strong uptick. A lot of that -- or some of that could be just that customers overshot the destocking and the restocking, but we truly believe underlying demand is robust. Automotive is strong there. We're seeing a very, very strong pickup in our supply to coat finishes. There's even a pickup in the seamless tube market. Trailers and yellow -- trailer is a little flat, but even yellow goods is picking up. So we're seeing good strong benefit there. And then obviously we'll benefit Pittsboro and our Structural and Rail Division as they send more blooms down to -- there for conversion. Roanoke business merchant shapes is okay. In Structural and Rail Division, I think we're seeing a little softness a little softening in rail CapEx from the major railroads, but we seem to be picking up market share. The team has done a phenomenal job. We produce some of the highest-quality rail in the world. And we're penetrating the transit and high-speed rail environment. So that's a good business for us. And again parallel flange in the structural arena, we see that being pretty solid through the year. So generally, I think it's going to be a very good year a much more positive year than 2019.
Martin Englert: Okay. I appreciate all the color there. And congratulations on the execution in challenging environment.
Mark Millett: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks Martin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Hi, Mark and Theresa. Thanks for taking my question. The main thing I wanted to ask you about just in the shorter term just trying to link together scrap imports and the recent strength in HRC pricing and your comments on more normalized inventory levels. Have you seen anything just recently with talk that scrap is going to be down in February on the customer behavior side that may change where people restock destock and just the outlook maybe for the next couple of months? If you could comment on that first. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Russ, do you want to comment on the scrap?
Russ Rinn: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Again, as we look at scrap in 2019 we certainly had a very, very tough environment. I think the pricing levels overshot where they probably should have been and we've seen some of that come back in the last part of the year. I think, as we start into 2020, we're anticipating a more normalized year, some ups, some downs, but no substantial moves like we had last year. And in the short term, I think, we're looking at kind of a soft sideways. Certainly, the offshore pricing has declined slightly, but part of that's going to be offset, we believe, with the increased steel mill utilization domestically. So, we're not looking for any major changes. I think, the trend would be down slightly, but not a significant push down.
Mark Millett: You want to -- I think, the weather in the Midwest is pretty moderate. So, flows are relatively strong on the absolute cut rates. We see very, very strong flow in prime grade still. Obviously, industrial business and most importantly automotive stamp plants are growing very, very strong. So the flow of scrap is good. And then, during the year, I think, you're going to see some additional sort of HBI alternative iron units come online. So we see a pretty stable raw material environment, with a strong product environment and I think that bodes very, very well for spreads through the year.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and thanks for the comments. Just a follow-up. Maybe you could just discuss a little bit more your expectations on the imports for the year. Obviously, it came down a lot last year. Your comments that they should come down further in 2020, predicated on the parity pricing. Or are there other factors at play there? Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, between the Section 201 countervailing duty and antidumping trade cases that have been with us for some time and will remain with us for a good long time as well and the 232, we saw a considerable moderation in imports through the year last year. I think, that will continue. Obviously, the arbitrage to European and Asian pricing is not totally attractive for folks to look offshore. So, again, I think, imports will be moderated.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thats all for me. Thanks, guys.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yes. Thank you very much and good morning everyone. I'm kind of just staying within the same line of questions. Most of the rhetoric we're getting, especially from the service centers and downstream steel buyers seems to be somewhat cautious, so I'm just wondering what you think the market is missing here because to Terry's point, scrap is probably going to come down. There's a lot of rhetoric suggesting that the steel price hike -- or hikes as we've seen them over the last three months have been mostly driven by higher scrap prices, whereas apparent U.S. steel demand, as a whole, has actually been declining. The futures price -- flat steel futures prices have taken a pretty meaningful step-down as well, suggesting that steel price could drop $30, $50 a ton from here. And we're going into an election year, which seems to suggest a lot of people are very cautious about how they're going to be spending CapEx and consumer spending as well. So I'm just wondering, your rhetoric is obviously a little bit more constructive on how you're seeing the market. So what do you think the market is missing at this point in time?
Mark Millett: Well, all I can say is -- or comment on the market through our lens and as I suggested the -- our backlogs are very, very strong right now. They're incredibly strong in New Millennium Building Systems, which would suggest that the construction world is going to have a very, very good year. The distribution warehouse business in that arena is incredibly strong. So construction, we do believe, is going to be robust. Automotive has been running at a relatively record pace and the prognostication is that, okay, maybe off a little, but it's going to continue to be strong. As we look through the lens of engineered bar, which I suggested earlier is our bellwether that's a very, very healthy business and it's looking better now than it has for a couple of years going into the year. And flat roll remains very strong. Coated products and obviously we're the largest non-automotive coater in the states that is very, very strong for us. So again we can only see what we see. And we can only hear what we hear from our customers and there's general optimism out there. Part of that strength could be a little restocking as people overshot last year and that tends to happen. People buy too much and they -- then they go too short. But underlying demand in our mind is very, very solid.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: That's very clear. Maybe a follow-up on that. Do you see that a lot of the strength in your order book may also be driven by inorganic growth? I mean you're effectively taking market share potentially from some of your peers in the market. Is that fair to say?
Mark Millett: I think it's fair to say in the automotive arena in particular. And in the prepaint I don't think we're taking any further market share, because our lines are running flat out and we can't produce anymore. But with our Sinton plant with the added capability we will continue to add there. But yes so automotive we are picking up I think market share. The rest of our business is more straightforward market.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Great. Thank you very much. Thats very clear. Appreciate you answering my questions.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hi, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, if we could stick on automotive just for now, can you give us a picture in terms of how much of your business right now particularly in the sheet and SBQ arena is going into automotive? And maybe give us a view of where you are today versus where you thought you'd be when Columbus is going through their mix transition and then also where you're trying to go?
Mark Millett: Philip, Barry will give you some clarity there.
Barry Schneider: Well, Phil the automotive here we have is continuing to grow through the Columbus operation. There's a lot of different things we're doing with our auto team directly that is relatively new in the last five years to Steel Dynamics. And a lot of those awards are as a Tier 1 -- to Tier 1 suppliers are directly to automotive. So those continue to grow. We do always enjoy good business out of the Butler facility with automotive and that remains strong. So not only supplying service centers but directly we continue to grow as Mark indicated getting new market share as we are awarded new parts and our capabilities increase. So as a whole typically somewhere between 15% and 20% is automotive shipments coming out of our flat roll plants.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you, Barry.
Mark Millett: Chris from an SBQ standpoint?
Chris Graham: Yeah. Phil this is Chris.
Phil Gibbs: Hey Chris.
Chris Graham: On the SBQ side, we're starting to leverage our existing and newfound relationships in the flat roll in the automotive group to open up opportunities for SBQ. We've -- recently the team has recently achieved some new automotive certifications that will allow us to lever our new inspection and testing equipment and our new rolling capacity there. So although it may be a relatively small number at our SBQ, the plan is to grow and I think the team is positioned well to do so.
Mark Millett: And to be perhaps a little more specific at Columbus we -- as Barry said we're on platforms. Well, our market share has picked up already but we're on platforms over the next 12, 18 months to pick up probably 500,000 tons will be coming out of Columbus into direct automotive. And obviously when the Sinton plant comes online, we believe about one million tons will be going to Mexico and predominantly into the automotive arena. And if you just step back and look at automotive, for us, more generally, our traction has been incredibly quick and fast. For the automotive world they tend to in the past to react very, very slowly. Obviously, the USMCA is driving a lot of that, as folks are looking for domestic content. And they look to us, first and foremost, I think to our balance sheet. They want to partner with someone that's going to be around for the next 10, 20, 30 years. And our balance sheet is more solid than some folks,' I would say. They also look at our sustainability model. Obviously there's a lot of Europeans. And a lot of our traction has been with the European automotive makers BMW, Mercedes, VW. And they see our sustainability story as being very, very persuasive. The fact that, we will repurpose 10 million, 11 million tons of scrap each year, we're repurposing about one billion pounds of non-ferrous and there are a considerably more and more positive things with our ESG sustainability story. So they're attracted to that. And they're also attracted to our product development. So we are gaining a lot of market share, a lot of traction with the automotive industry in general.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks Mark. And Barry you said 15% to 20%. Were you talking just to your overall flat roll business? Is that what you were speaking to?
Theresa Wagler: No. Barry was actually speaking to our total steel shipments.
Phil Gibbs: Okay.
Theresa Wagler: We tend to be somewhere between 13% and 15% automotive.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks. I have another one. But I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Cosgrove with Bloomberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Cosgrove: Hi, Mark and Theresa. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a quick one on long product shipments, obviously, they were down 10% in 2019. And construction markets you guys see them recovering this year. So where would we see volumes pick up, if that materializes?
Theresa Wagler: From a volume perspective on the long product side, I think a couple of things. One is the ramp-up of the rebar projects at both Roanoke and the Structural and Rail Division, should have a positive impact from gaining market share with the differentiated supply chain model that we have at those locations. And the fact that we'll be the only independent rebar producer in those regions. So we should be able to get improved volumes related to that. In addition, the Structural and Rail Division has additional capacity. They were only operating around 75% to 80% of their capacity last year. So when we mentioned that we have over two million tons of additional capability, a lot of that is in the long products region. And then, additionally, Mark mentioned the SBQ. And Chris, I think you would think there was opportunity in SBQ. Is that correct?
Chris Graham: That's correct.
Andrew Cosgrove: Okay.
Mark Millett: I think, just to emphasize there when you look at the structural mill our heavy mill which is where we roll our rail that has been kind of at 100% utilization for some time. Our medium section mill is where we've been struggling. And that's where some of the rebar -- or not some. All the rebar there is produced. But we're in the good position. And we haven't been there for a long, long time. And that the medium section mill is pretty well at full utilization. Is that right, Chris?
Chris Graham: Yeah.
Mark Millett: So, it is turning. It's positive.
Andrew Cosgrove: Okay. Thank you. And then, just one more on Heartland, I know in the middle of 2019, I think the target utilization rate by the second half was to get to 70%. You had mentioned before slightly over 60%. I guess a little over 500,000 tons. Is that kind of demand-oriented? Or was it more employee-driven? As you had mentioned, you're hiring more people for next year and looking to get to 80. So just kind of gauging the impact there and I guess, how close you could get to target next year as far as Heartland is concerned?
Barry Schneider: Yes. We continue to develop markets for the Heartland operations. And right now internally, a lot of the growth at Heartland has been through debottlenecking our finished goods production and painted production through the Butler and Jeffersonville facilities. So, a lot of the development has been internally being able to get more products to our paint lines, where we could bring more value. So, as we look to external shipments, we've been right on the edge of where we need to add people and really just the team is finding new ways to get high productivity out of what they're doing. So, the last thing we do is bring people in because, we want to make sure, it's a sustainable growth. So we continue to find those markets and particularly in the cold rolled steel sales, which is something that because of our galvanizing campaigning, we typically haven't done as much cold roll sales. So we continue to make good ground there. But really internally, it's been great to get our paint lines just fully utilized and to fully develop those products in those customers.
Andrew Cosgrove: Okay. Great. Thats it from me.
Mark Millett: I think you can expect that we shipped 500,000 tons a little over last year and that we'll be ramping up through the year to that 750,000 to 800,000-ton level. That's not going to happen this month or next month. But I think, as Barry said, as we gain new markets, you're going to see that ramp up through the year.
Andrew Cosgrove: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions and good luck for 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Millet for any closing comments.
Mark Millett: Well for those that are still on the line, thank you for your support, both from a customer and shareholder perspective. And also, our employees that I'm sure are still on the line, we truly appreciate everything you do for us. And I just want to emphasize that hey, let's be safe out there and make sure that your fellow teammates are safe as well. So, thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Once again ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  
 Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, October 17, 2019, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. 
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead. 
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. 
 As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. 
 Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have leaders for our operating platforms, including our metals recycling operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our steel operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President of Long Products Steel Group; Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President of Flat Roll Steel Group; and for Southwest Strategy, we have Miguel Alvarez, Senior Vice President, Southwest U.S. & Mexico; and for our Fabrication operations, Jim Anderson, Vice President, Steel Fabrication. 
 Some of today's call -- some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of a similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. 
 Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in the relating press release as well as in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov, and if applicable, in any later SEC Form 10-Q.
 You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2019 Results. 
 And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call, and we certainly appreciate you spending some time with us this morning. 
 I'd like to thank the SDI team for delivering a solid quarter despite a challenging steel pricing environment. Their dedication, their drive and innovative spirit continues to propel us toward excellence that earn superior financial metrics and shareholder value. I'd like to thank each and every one of our 8,000 team for their input. 
 But to begin this morning, Theresa will provide insights into our third quarter performance. 
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
 Our third quarter 2019 net income was $151 million or $0.69 per diluted share, within our guidance range of $0.66 to $0.70 per diluted share. Third quarter 2019 revenues were $2.5 billion, 22% lower than the third quarter 2018 sales and 9% lower than sequential second quarter results as average realized steel prices declined. 
 Our third quarter 2019 operating income was $228 million, 57% lower than the prior year record-high third quarter results and 20% lower than sequential second quarter earnings due to lower realized flat roll steel pricing, which more than offset the benefit of lower scrap costs. 
 As we discuss our business this morning, you'll find we are constructive concerning underlying steel demand and optimistic concerning our own unique earnings catalysts. 
 Within our steel operations, third quarter shipments declined modestly 2% to 2.7 million tons. Our average quarterly realized external steel sales price decreased $70 per ton to $809 in the third quarter, and average scrap cost only declined $41 per ton, causing lower steel metal margins. The result of third quarter steel operating income was $240 million, and although lower than record-high prior year results, historically a very good performance. 
 As I mentioned on last quarter's call, I want to take a moment to point out the continued mix shift of steel processing volume versus steel production volume. It's important to note the change in our steel mix from almost purely steel production economics to the higher percentage of steel processing or conversion economics that we have today. 
 We maintain a low and highly variable operating cost position, in fact, we would say best in class. But we now have a larger component of cost related to the raw material from the input used in our steel processing locations. It's a powerful strategic advantage to have processing capability to sustain higher steel mill utilization during weaker demand environments to create optionality and supply for our customers and to allow for value-added product upside in all markets. 
 For our metals recycling platform, third quarter operating income was $3 million, over a 70% decline sequentially primarily related to our non-ferrous operations as aluminum and copper demand continued to weaken. Ferrous shipments and selling values also were lower in the quarter with prime scrap indices falling almost $30 per gross ton in July to September. Approximately 65% of our non-recycling ferrous shipments serve our own steel mills, increasing scrap quality, melt efficiency and reducing company-wide working capital requirement. Our vertically connected operating model benefits both platforms. 
 Third quarter 2019 operating income for our fabrication business improved sequentially to $35 million, our second best quarterly performance. Congratulations to the team. Earnings improved based on near-record shipments and lower steel input costs. We continue to see strong order 
 [Audio Gap] 
 customer optimism coupled with a seasonally strong project backlog. 
 Our cash generation continues to be incredibly strong. During the third quarter of 2019, we generated $444 million of cash flow from operations and $987 million during the first 9 months of the year. This performance represents a trailing 12-months free cash flow of $1.2 billion equating to a cash flow conversion rate of 13%. Year-to-date, 2019 capital investments totaled $294 million, over half of which occurred in the third quarter as spending related to our new Sinton flat roll steel mill started. 
 We maintained our cash dividend in the third quarter at $0.24 per common share. We also repurchased $115 million of our common stock during the third quarter, totaling $292 million in the first 9 months of 2010, with $170 million remaining authorized for repurchase at the end of the quarter. Since 2016, we've repurchased 30.8 million shares representing 13% of our outstanding balance. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. 
 We achieved record liquidity of $2.4 billion at September 30, 2019, representing $1.2 billion in cash and short-term investments and an equal amount of available funding under our revolving credit facility. 
 Regarding our new Sinton, Texas flat roll steel mill, the total investment remains an estimated $1.9 billion. Assuming timely receipt of required environmental and operating permits, we expect to begin facility construction early in 2020 followed by starting operations midyear 2021. 
 Based on this time line, we estimate capital outlay to be approximately $225 million in 2019, of which we've already spent this year close to $120 million; approximately $1.2 billion in 2020; with the remainder in 2021. We've also been awarded state and local incentive benefits that will be received over time approximating $150 million to $155 million. 
 Collectively, our primary strategic growth investments provide an estimated incremental annual future EBITDA of over $425 million on a through-cycle historical spread basis. You'll find this specifically outlined in our slide deck on Slide 9. The estimate includes our planned Sinton, Texas steel mill and third Columbus galvanizing line as well as our 2 existing rebar expansions which are still in a ramp-up phase. 
 Last week, we also received updates to our credit ratings. We are pleased with our new investment-grade credit status achieved with the 3 rating agencies. This is a natural progression of our strategic growth and recognition of our strong balance sheet profile and sustainable through-cycle free cash flow generation capability. 
 Due to the strength and optionality within our capital structure and free cash flow-generating business model, we have the flexibility for continued growth and responsible shareholder distribution while also being dedicated to preserving investment-grade credit rating. We are committed to maintaining net leverage at 2x or less on a through-cycle basis. 
 Our capital allocation still prioritizes responsible strategic growth with appropriate shareholder distribution comprised of a base positive dividend profile that is complemented with a variable share repurchase program. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable, optimized long-term value creation. 
 Before I send the call back to Mark, for those of you that like to have the breakdown of our flat roll shipments, in the third quarter we had shipments of 800,000 tons of hot roll and P&O. We had 197,000 tons of cold roll, and we had 958,000 tons of coated products. 
 Mark? 
Mark Millett: Super. Well, thank you, Theresa. 
 Safety is and always will be our #1 value, our very, very first priority. Our safety performance year-to-date is generally in line with our excellent 2018 performance and the severity rate continues to decrease as the leading metric in our industry. While performance remained significantly better than industrial averages, it certainly is not enough though. We must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our team members around us. Safety must always be top of mind and I challenge all of us to remain focused in the key movement toward our ultimate goal of 0 injuries. 
  As Theresa suggested, the fabrication platform delivered an outstanding performance with the team achieving near-record earnings in shipments. Profit margins expanded as raw material steel input costs continued to decline and underlying demand fundamentals remained steady. Our order backlog remained seasonally strong. Our customers remained positive regarding demand volume for 2020 despite the recent weakness in the ABI the last few months. Demand from the institutional and residential sectors has been outperforming the commercial construction sector with more domestic activity in the western and southern regions. 
 The total availability of construction labor and projects have been somewhat delayed and will effectively extend this construction cycle. This year has been particularly difficult in the metals recycling world. Not only have ferrous scrap prices declined 8 of the last 10 months, but the combination of trade and uncertainty around some of China's environmental policies have also pressured non-ferrous demand and prices. 
 Despite the team's continued focus on efficiency gains, our metals recycling numbers decreased in the quarter, primarily a result of the continued decline of aluminum and copper demand and associated selling values. Given that we're at the last few cycles of non-ferrous metals in the U.S., it has significant effect to the recycling platform lines. Ferrous scrap shipments declined with no utilization growth and inventories have gone down in anticipation of steel mill meeting the [indiscernible]. Concurrently, selling values also declined in the quarter due to diminished demand and lack of export market. 
 The GM strike contributed to decreased ferrous demand from our foundry customers as well as molten aluminum from our superior alloys division. Price scrap generation from GM and its suppliers has reduced price flat flow but had -- should have only marginal impact in the months ahead. 
 After October's saw the trend down in ferrous scrap prices, we anticipate scrap prices to stabilize moving into the winter months. 
 The steel platform performed well in a challenging environment, with continued weakening in scrap prices and reduced customer buying hesitancy in anticipation of further steel price declines compared to the second quarter and third quarter hot-rolled coil price indices at almost $80 per ton. 
 Long products pricing remains pressured from domestic and import competition. However, we're seeing the benefits from our recent investments in product and supply chain differentiation helping to offset some of these market pressures. 
 Underlying domestic steel demand appears principally intact in the prime steel consumer sectors, including automotive and construction. Steel consumed for the pipeline infrastructure for the collection and distribution of fracked natural gas and liquids continues to be strong, and we expect it to remain so as the U.S. continues its energy independence journey. We believe North American steel consumption will improve in the coming years, with maximum growth outpacing that of the U.S. based on meaningful increases in Mexico's manufacturing base. 
 Furthermore, we believe the U.S. trade decision will continue to erode imports, and the increased domestic steel content requirements for the automotive industry currently included in the anticipated USMCA should enhance domestic steel demand. However, global economic concerns and ongoing trade negotiations are certainly creating a negative atmosphere and buyers remain extremely cautious. 
 We continue to competitively position Steel Dynamics for the future through optimization of existing operations, organic investments and transactional growth. During the last 12 months, we acquired Heartland, invested $300 million in our steel platform, and early this year, acquired 75% controlling interest in United Steel Supply to further enhance our prepainted flat roll steel distribution network. 
 Specifically, we are ramping up our 200,000 ton rebar expansion in our Roanoke Bar Division. We're the only independent supplier in the region. The line has ramped up towards 8% reliance rate capability. 
 In the first quarter of 2019, we also completed the 240,000 ton rebar expansion in our Structural and Rail division. The ramp-up has been slower than planned and it's currently running at approximately a 50% rate. With the startup behind us, we fully expect to be at full capacity next year. This expansion includes cut-to-length and coil rebar capability. This unique rebar supply chain model is expected to meaningfully enhance customer optionality and flexibility, providing significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits for the customer. In addition, we will be the largest independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region. 
 Within the flat roll group, the acquisition of Heartland provided further product diversification through value-added wider- and lighter-gauge product capability. The team achieved record quarterly volumes which is 70% of planned 800,000 ton annual run rate. This geographic proximity to our flat roll operations allows for additional value creation. By allocating lighter-gauge production in Heartland, our Butler Flat Roll Division has increased its value-added production effort, setting new volume records. And it also creates significant pull-through volume for Butler, thereby providing additional mill utilization support through [ summer ]. 
 We're also in the process of further value-added growth with the Columbus Flat Roll division. In the last 2 years, Columbus has transformed its product offering through the addition of a paint line and an introduction of more complex grades of flat roll steel. The diversion of the product to these diversified and value-added outlets has reduced the volume of product available to our existing galvanized steel customers. So to address the associated lack of sufficient galvanizing capacity, we are building a third galvanizing line at Columbus. The $140 million investment will further increase Columbus' value-added capability, decreasing its hot-rolled coil exposure. The 400,000 ton line is planned to begin operating in midyear 2020. 
 Additionally, we are investing approximately $90 million to further increase Columbus' range of complex-grade capabilities, including advanced high-strength steels for both the automotive and energy sectors. These upgrades are occurring in the coming months with planned completion by the end of 2020. 
 In aggregate, these upgrades will effectively reduce the availability of about 400,000 tons of Columbus' non-coated flat roll steel that is currently shipped to the Southern U.S. by 2021. This advantageously coincides with the startup of our new Sinton, Texas flat roll steel mill and will provide immediate support in the new year. 
 Our Southwest U.S. and Mexico growth strategy will provide expansive opportunities and long-term value creation to Steel Dynamics. Each of our operating platforms have an existing presence in the region, where we plan to meaningfully expand our influence there. At the core is the construction and startup of our new Sinton, Southwest U.S. flat roll division. We have purchased the land, the equipment is ordered and most of the service agreements have been negotiated, and we've already [ expelled the landlord ]. We have assembled a team of our veterans having incredible depth of experience in the construction side and operation of large steel assets, and they're already executing extremely well. 
 The facility is designed with an annual production capacity of 2 million tons, will include a 550,000 ton galvanizing line and a 250,000 ton paint line with Galvalume capability.
 The new mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc-furnace flat-rolled steel producers, competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. The mill will have the capabilities to provide higher strength, tougher grades of flat roll steel for the energy and automotive markets. This is due to having a thicker cast section and a more conventional 2-stage hot rolling process which allows for thermal mechanical rolling. 
 The mill will be capable of 84-inch wide, 1-inch thick, 100 ksi of hot roll coil, product unavailable in the United States today. Additionally, heavier coil weights and heat size will provide energy pipe producers intrinsic cost and yield savings. The configuration will also allow us to ship certain plate products on a limited basis, providing further product diversification. 
 The steel mill site, as advertised, is located in Sinton, Texas, which is adjacent to Corpus Christi. The site has numerous significant competitive advantages compared to almost any other location along the Gulf Coast, including geographic market position, power accessibility, freight benefits, water availability and constructability. The people of Sinton have been very welcoming, and we thank them for their partnership and shared vision for this strategic investment.
 A significant competitive advantage lies purely in the Sinton location given it's central to our targeted market regions. Sinton lies 190 miles from the large steel-consuming city of Houston and 300 miles from the growing Monterrey, Mexico region. It also provides an advantageous capability to access the West Coast. 
 The site will provide significant trade benefits to most of our intended customers relative to their current supply chain. We would expect the savings to be minimum of $20 to $30 per ton compared to their current closest domestic supplier. 
 In addition, customers will be able to order on much shorter lead time basis, providing significant delivery time and working capital advantage. We have the opportunity to provide steel in terms of weeks versus months. 
 These benefits provide a competitive supply chain, allowing our new mill to effectively compete with imports flying into Houston and the West Coast that inherently have long lead times and speculative pricing risk. This will give the American pipe producers the competitive supply chain to once again compete with foreign pipe producers that have dominated the markets. Customers are excited to have a regional flat roll steel supplier. We're also having a dialogue with many of them who have expressed interest in locating facilities on or near our site. 
 From a raw materials perspective, our metals recycling operations already control a significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico through our scrap management relationships, much of which is prime scrap. We also plan to cost-effectively source pig iron through the port system. Based on our current scrap relationships, both in Mexico and the Southern U.S., we are confident in our ability to procure high-quality scrap in the region. 
 We have 3 targeted regional sales markets representing over 27 million tons of relevant flat-roll steel consumption, and we believe this will increase in the coming years. The regions represent approximately 8 million tons from the 4-state region of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas, which has limited domestic regional supply and relies heavily on imports. Sinton lies in close proximity from both rail and truck deliveries in this region. Approximately 4 million ton of consumption from the underserved West Coast region, which also relies heavily on imports; and approximately 16 million tons from the growing Northern and Mid-Central Mexican regions. 
 In 2018, the Mexican market imported 7.5 million tons of flat roll steel. And given their growing manufacturing base, we believe Mexican demand growth will continue to outpace supply, making this an even more attractive underserved market in the coming years. Sinton will have the most trade advantaged shipments into this region from the U.S. 
 We've been developing a flat-rolled steel strategy for these regions in Mexico for several years. We've been cultivating both customer scrap relationships, and we are confident in the long-term strategic value and investment profile this project provides. We believe our unique operating culture, coupled with considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating cost-effective and highly profitable steel mills positions us well to execute this strategic initiative. 
 To be clear, we're not just adding conversion capacity, we have a differentiated product portfolio, we have a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage, and we have targeted regional markets. 
 In conclusion, I echo Theresa's earlier comments regarding our investment-grade achievement. This milestone recognizes our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy. We'll continue to strengthen our financial position and long-term value creation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. 
 Our exceptional team provides the foundation for our success. And I thank each and every one of you for your passion and commitment to excellence and remind each and every one of us that safety is always our first priority. 
 We're committed to providing exemplary long-term value to our fellow colleagues, communities, customers and shareholders, and I look forward to creating new opportunities for all. 
 So again, thank you for your time. Michelle, could you please open up the call for questions now? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Martin Englert with Jefferies. 
Martin Englert: Since 232 and related retaliatory tariffs were removed within NAFTA, are you seeing any notable changes in trade flows? More specifically, is there any greater export opportunity to Mexico today? 
Mark Millett: I'm not sure that there's greater capability. We continue to gain market share into Mexico. So we're not seeing any resistance for sure. 
Martin Englert: Okay. I imagine it's probably a little bit easier to move material into Mexico versus with the tariffs in place, yes? 
Mark Millett: That's a yes. 
Martin Englert: Okay. And then if I could, one other one there. Can you provide a brief update on the SBQ market, where you're seeing demand trend year-on-year and incrementally in today's market as well as some of the trade dynamics there and competition from North American peers there? 
Mark Millett: So I think the -- by sort of product sector, automotive remains very, very strong. The energy sector has come off, but that is mainly from seamless sort of pipe consumers, and that's more [ dairy involved ]. I would suggest that the pipe production side of things for the entity, yes the collection and distribution infrastructure on flat roll, that remains very strong. But we are seeing some weakness in energy, fuel is then off. Several of the industrial manufacturing, trailer and those sorts of things are off a little bit on the manufacturing side of the house. 
Martin Englert: Okay. And if you had to guess from a manufacturing and truck trailer side of things, how much do you think demand might be trending off versus a year ago, say? 
Unknown Executive: Well, I think the one comment would be that the disruption which we've experienced over the last 5, 6 years has been mitigated in 2019 so we see a normalization of that market. There's been quite a lot of catch up in the last few years, and we're just seeing that level off. 
Martin Englert: Okay. Thanks for the incremental color there. That's helpful. Nice job navigating a difficult market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. 
David Gagliano: And I apologize if this was covered. I just didn't quite hear it if it was. In terms of a very short-term question, first of all, you did imply customer destocking appearing to subside. But I think a lot of us are seeing this recent sharp -- incremental, sharp drop in spot price quotes, and I think a lot of us are seeing some further declines in published lead times. So my question is why do you think there's this disconnect between this and the end of customer destocking in your view? 
Mark Millett: Well, I think that's a great question. So I would say we're not understanding it completely either. The so-called destocking, I think, is trailing off and coming to an end. So you have relatively low infill positions throughout the supply chain there. Imports have continued to erode. So I believe that given the underlying demand, for the moment, it's still strong. Construction is still very strong. Energy, pipe, very, very strong. 
 Yes, the kind of the industrial manufacturing arena has weakened to some degree. But the underlying demand or consumption of the product remains pretty well intact through the end of the year. And I would envision that we are going to see certain support at the pricing level we see today, if not a little bit of a pickup going into the first quarter as people start coming back to the marketplace. 
David Gagliano: Okay. And then just a somewhat associated question. Given the drop we've seen in spot pricing, I know, obviously, Steel Dynamics has a decent amount of spot sheet exposure. And my question is at what price would Steel Dynamics start to scale it back a little bit and wait for -- kind of wait for a better day, so to speak? 
Mark Millett: David, scale back what? 
David Gagliano: Production. 
Mark Millett: Production? 
David Gagliano: Yes. 
Mark Millett: Currently, in general, we would rarely scale back production. Our cost position is still advantageous compared to any other producer out there. Utilization from our mills is critical to retain that cost structure. We're going to remain profitable and can remain profitable at these levels and even lower levels. So we have no intent of scaling back. 
Theresa Wagler: And remember, David, we have the benefit of the additional manufacturing businesses to utilize our steel as well, which is one of the key factors why, if you do enter or when we are in weaker periods, we can still keep that utilization higher to keep those costs compressed for the third-party sales as well. 
David Gagliano: Okay, I understand. 
Mark Millett: Just to add to that, if you can break that, Heartland as we say, the team there has done an absolute phenomenal job on the production side. That facility is breaking records and I think has never produced at the rates that they're producing today. So when that's up and running at full tilt, that's going to be 800,000 tons of substrate. You have Texas, similarly, 700,000, 800,000 tons of substrate that allows us to get further away from other folks as needed. 
 So this is a -- and new milling systems have about 600,000 tons of requirements. So there's a lot of flexibility there for us to divert materials over to our own facilities to maintain that utilization rate. And as we've said in the past, steel mill assets are -- through that strong fixed cost and utilization is critical to outperform our peers. 
David Gagliano: Understood. I appreciate the additional thoughts there. Just one more, I just want to add my name to the list of people asking the question you get asked all the time about the Texas project. Obviously, there is quite a bit of fear in the equity market now about oversupply risks, and obviously, the stocks are reflecting some of that. 
 So my question is are there any constraints that would prohibit Steel Dynamics from pushing that time line for the project out just a bit and instead using that free cash flow during that pause period to ramp up that buyback program or special dividend program again? 
Mark Millett: I would say we are firmly entrenched in pushing that project forward. I'm not sure how to articulate the investment premise and the incredible investment return that that facility is going to produce. It truly is a differentiated project. You can't get that material today in the U.S. The pipe producers are actually going offshore and bringing that in. So they'll be able to make 84-inch wide, 1-inch thick, 100 ksi materials. It's going to be just a new product and a huge advantage. The trade advantage is colossal for us and so the market penetration, we feel, will be quite rapid. And it's -- as we've described in the past, it's just a vacuum of reaching production there. So I don't see why we would even entertain the thought of slowing that down. 
Theresa Wagler: David, just to put a cap on that, actually, as demonstrated in the third quarter, we're actually still having a positive dividend profile as we established by increasing the dividend 20% in the first quarter of this year as well as repurchasing almost $300 million of stock during the year. And so we're actively involved in the shareholder distribution as well as being able to have a strong cash flow generation to pay for the Sinton flat roll mill through free cash flow if we would choose to do so while maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. So we have the optionality and the flexibility, and frankly, the intent to do all of the above. 
David Gagliano: Okay, that's helpful. No doubt, there's quite a bit of underappreciated long-term value there. I was just more quizzing about the thought process regarding the timing, and I appreciate the additional color. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Exane BNP. 
Seth Rosenfeld: Seth Rosenfeld, Exane BNP. A couple of questions, if I may, on the fabrication business, please. Your prepared remarks noted continued strong order backlog in fab. Can you give us a bit more color on how the current backlog compares to that at the time of Q2 and perhaps this time last year, recognizing normal seasonal patterns? 
 And also on the fab margin side, you've obviously benefited from significant decline in raw materials cost of late. How do you think margins will develop as we head into Q4? And is there a risk given the current bidding environment, that if steel prices do recover a bit into 2020, you could see, once again, some margin weakness in this area? 
Theresa Wagler: Seth, so as it relates to the strong order backlog comment that I made on fabrication, as we look at this time last year, it's very similar. It might be just slightly less, but that's not abnormal as last year was pretty robust heading into the fall time frame. There's still a very strong order backlog from the fabrication perspective. 
 And you're correct on the margin side equation. Declining steel prices obviously benefits the fabrication side of the business, but there's also been really robust demand on the construction side, which is a lot of pricing, which remained pretty robust as well. Heading into 2020 based on the customer's commentary and I think, Jim, they just had a big sales meeting, and the customer base, correct me if I'm wrong, is very optimistic about 2020 as well. 
Jim Anderson: That's correct. There's still plenty of activity described in our sales meeting last month. 
Theresa Wagler: So we're feeling really good about the fabrication business, Seth. 
Seth Rosenfeld: Just to follow up I guess. There's good sentiment from your construction customers. It's a great sign. But are they demanding kind of cut rate prices reflecting current steel price environment in the U.S., which, based on your current comment -- on your recent commentary, doesn't sound like you think is very sustainable into 2020. I guess the concern is, in order to get that backlog, is there some sacrifice on price? Or is ultimately the margin power still there? 
Theresa Wagler: We are not buying the backlog, if that's what you're asking. No. Pricing is holding up quite well in the fabrication arena. And so it's not a matter -- the words you used was -- I'm not sure I got it, because steel prices are going down that it's reflecting in the same amount of increase in the fabrication pricing. No, that's not happening. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Keches with Barclays. 
Andrew Keches: A couple of quick ones on the balance sheet. 
Mark Millett: Andrew, sorry, but we're having a little bit of a noise problem. If you would, just speak a little slower and the other folks. 
Andrew Keches: Sure. Can you hear me now? 
Mark Millett: Yes. That's good. Yes. 
Andrew Keches: So just a clarification on the balance sheet. You -- looks like you lowered your leverage target from 3 to 2 turns. Can you just talk about the genesis of that? Is that a reflection of the market environment or potentially a reflection of investment opportunities? Or is there something else driving that? 
Theresa Wagler: Yes, absolutely. So last week, we were upgraded by all 3 rating agencies to investment grade, and so we are committed to maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. So in our mind, that target is a through-cycle net leverage of less than 2x. So that's the reason for the change in the investor deck. And you'll notice that even over the last 3 years, we've returned almost $1.6 billion of cash to investors, who are also investing over $1.2 billion in our own assets and acquisitions, and we maintained lower than net leverage of 2x. So we have that flexibility to still grow and make distributions and maintain that. We don't believe it's limiting at all. So that's the reason for the change. 
Andrew Keches: Okay. And just to clarify and I guess follow up, so is the commitment now to investment-grade ratings? Or is it still investment-grade metrics, and the metric has been lowered? 
Theresa Wagler: It's -- we're committed to investment-grade ratings and so net leverage of less than 2x through-cycle. 
Andrew Keches: Okay. And then just last one. You clearly have a lot of the capital structure that's callable in the near term. Have you given thought to opportunities to perhaps improve the capital structure? 
Theresa Wagler: So we are always assessing the capital deck per layout of maturities if you will, and we do have 3 tranches that are available or callable at this point in time. So we'll be assessing the market in the near term to determine what that opportunity set may look like. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with Crdit Suisse. 
Curtis Woodworth: Theresa, just a question on thinking about modeling cash flow for 2020. Can -- I think you said that the new mill is $1.2 billion. Can you discuss other capital requirements, maintenance CapEx? And then would you anticipate a working capital build as you get raw materials, labor, whatnot to get the new mill in position to ramp in mid-'21? 
Theresa Wagler: Curt, I will give you preliminary thoughts, and then we'll round out with more detail as we have the fourth quarter conference call in January. We're still developing some of our capital requests for next year. But in totality, I would assume that next year with the $1.2 billion expected to be spent on Sinton, we're likely to spend another $100 million to $150 million. So probably looking at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of CapEx next year. Again, we'll be more specific on the call. 
 As it relates to working capital, you shouldn't see significant working capital changes in 2020. You start to see more of that in the first half of 2021. So aside from market dynamics, which obviously, you can model on what your expectations are for 2020, there's nothing that would be structurally different in my estimation for working capital. 
Curtis Woodworth: Okay. And then just a question for Mark in terms of thinking about the cadence of the ramp at Sinton. Would you expect to sort of light both electric arcs at the same time? Is there any consideration in terms of environmental or operating permits that are going to be staggered? Just to get a sense for maybe kind of what your volume expectation is on how quickly you could ramp the new mill. 
Mark Millett: Well, there are no [ permanent ] or any sort of extraordinary reasons not to start the facility at its full rate. Typically, mills of that nature run around about -- after the first 6 months or so, in their first year, run around about 80% of their rated capacity, which in this case is 2 million tons. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Korn: Just following up on a couple of earlier questions. Clearly, supply side issues have been front of mind for many of us, number of quarters. Prices are weak. Demand outlook, optimistic, maybe a little fuzzy. What are your expectations, if any, for any serious capacity rationalization over the next year, over the next 2 years? Do you think the industry will need it? And do you think we're going to get it? 
Mark Millett: Well, that seems to be the topic du jour, I guess, and I think the -- in terms of the aggregate list of new capacity expansions that are being sort of discussed there is ever changing. And I think it's reducing. If you look at the -- on the long product side, you have Republic come off, [ Baker-Hansen ] come off. On the flat-rolled side, U.S. Steel is suggesting that they'll shut down 2 -- idle 2 blast furnaces. AK is coming off independently so that Ashland will never come back. JSW has changed its thoughts. So the total aggregate number of additional tons seems to keep decreasing. 
 The most recent news that U.S. Steel delivered suggested that there will be some rationalization there, meaningful rationalization. So I think that the industry will continue to evolve. We as a U.S. industry need to operate, need to be competitive on a global basis. And I think the industry has been responsible and moving in that direction. 
 Obviously, there is, on the flat-rolled side, some real capacity coming on. You could probably say about 6 million, 6.5 million tons of real capacity we'll be seeing in 2, 3 years' time in the marketplace. But between now and then, the market -- 2/3 of the market is going to continue to grow somewhat. And we are quite volatile on a longer term. The trade constraints, so the regionalism that is pervasive today, I think is going to erode imports or keep imports under control. 
 Our North American demand, particularly in Mexico, will continue to grow and for those like ourselves that are in a position to service that new market, it's going to be very valuable for us. 
 Sort of the U.S. energy independence that we're achieving now, I think has been understated. People are not talking about it, but that's going to be a huge economic driver, both of the economy and of fixed asset investment. We're seeing, just in Texas alone, the LNG plants, the permits, the $38 billion of infrastructure that is likely planned. So that is a -- I think that's an understated sort of growth opportunity there. 
 Now the USMCA domestic product is going to increase demand, I think, for us all. The tax reform, the fixed asset investment is going to continue. And there's going to be inevitably, at some point in time, infrastructure spend. Now, it may not be this year, but [ it will be going on ]. So in general, we're incredibly bullish, and the market is going to be able to support that increased capability. 
Matthew Korn: Appreciate the comments. Let me ask -- let me follow up another one. Just clarifying, when I'm looking at your Long Products division, what in particular is driving the weakness we're seeing in the structurals and in the engineered bar, where you're seeing the volume declines year-over-year? Is this largely market conditions? Is this still some lingering operational issues? Do you see any chance of improvement on the volume side in the near term? And then I think I heard you correctly. It sounds like you do have confidence of achieving particularly more full utilization next year. 
Mark Millett: I think the -- on the engineered bar side of things, that is driven principally by market, but the sort of industrial manufacturing base, it's certainly softened. On the structural side, for us, actually, I'll start with rail and beams. Rail, we're actually increasing market share there. We'll probably ship 200,000 tons, I think, for 2019. Structural heavy beams certainly is under pressure, yes. 
Chris Graham: Yes. It continues to be an over-served market, Mark. I think that there is a definite switch from ordering out of rollings. This is the same story everywhere, whether it's destocking or they were overly aggressive in their buying habits at the end of last year. It's on the floor, and there isn't a day or 2 they're not getting into rollings. So we see steady demand, but we see that people are literally not buying a lot of steel that they don't need. Friday, they're not buying it on a Wednesday because the price may be different on Thursday. And it just seems to be the general trend in all of our markets. 
Mark Millett: On the structural side, scrap plays a critical role there. And when you have a market that has gone down 8 out of 10 months, the buyer is just hesitant. They expect lower prices the next month and the next month and the next month. And so I think when we'll see the scrap stabilizes here over the next couple of months, people will come back to the marketplace. 
Chris Graham: Yes, Mark, our structural share has actually increased in this slower market. And when we talk about the rig count [ striking things ], we've just been -- it has [ allegiance to the ] markets. We're continuing to set efficiency records and production records. [ Both ] facilities, there's the new rebar projects are starting to bear fruit, record production in September. I think given any market change, we're well positioned to capitalize. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. 
Timna Tanners: Wanted to just follow up on scrap. I think it's -- I don't know if it's never been seen before or very unusual to see, as you know, 8 months out of 10 falling prices. So I just wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on if there's been structural changes. Obviously, Turkey is buying less. But in the past, we said that at low prices, supply will just shrink and dry up, and it hasn't happened yet. I'm just wondering if there's something structural or how we should think about scrap going forward. 
 And along those same lines, if falling scrap keeps people from buying, at some point, they have to buy. So it can't be the only -- can't be the explanation for this whole year's softness, at least in long products like you were just saying. So I'm just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on how you see the scrap market going forward and how it's gotten to where it is. 
Russ Rinn: Yes. Timna, this is Russ. Thanks for the question. I think scrap market, as you look forward, I think is -- again, for the balance of the year, it's probably flat, maybe could go up slightly. Again, if the Turkey situation was static as it was last month, we were starting to see the Turks come back in the marketplace more firmly. With the new imposition of tariffs, that may change. We don't know yet. But again, I think it's a very difficult thing. In defense of mill buyers, when they see the prices going down like that every month, they're just hesitant. So they're buying hand and mouth on their buys. And so we -- for our perspective, we would like to see a steady scrap market. 
 We have not seen a dramatic drop-off in flows of scrap. It has slowed down some, but it's not been dramatic. So I think people are just trying to ride it out and realizing just like in 2015, sometimes the market works against you and you just got to stay with it. 
Timna Tanners: Okay. Got you. My only other question was I saw some language in your release, and I'm sorry I didn't go back and find it, the verbiage exactly. But I saw some language where you said you were still looking at growth options that could be organic or acquisitive and obviously, with your strong free cash flow even with Sinton. I'm just wondering if you could characterize what those look like. Any M&A that you might be looking at, just broad brushstrokes? It's interesting to see Bayou go bankrupt and nobody bid for them. So I'm just wondering what are the criteria that you might look for, if any, for M&A? 
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, obviously, with the Sinton project, we're being a lot more fickle I would suggest in looking at other opportunities. The pipeline continues to -- as you say, I think there continues to be opportunities out there. As we have been in the past, we've been incredibly sort of responsible and disciplined and are only going to move forward with something if the returns are extremely good and it provides strategic opportunity for us. Principal focus obviously is in that stream value-add and pull-through type opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS. 
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yes. Just one question from me. There seems to be a lot of speculation over the next couple of years that some amount of U.S. steel capacity will kind of have to leave the market to make room for some of the incoming capacity that's entering the market. Is that how you see it? And if so, do you have a sense or an estimate or a guesstimate of how much capacity you would expect to see leave the U.S. market over the next 24 months or so? 
Mark Millett: I think that it's incredibly difficult to quantify that. Obviously, there are players out there that we will imagine are underwater at current market prices. I think you can read between the lines that there's some rationalization sort of planned or will take place, but the [ going to find out ] is -- would be a little speculative. 
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yes. No. I understand. I guess I'm just thinking about it from a market balance point of view. I've been speaking to a lot of investors. I think there's a lot of bearish people out there looking at steel price and expect the steel price to remain under pressure for quite some time just because demand seems to be flat. Obviously, we all know there's a lot of capacity coming. So one would kind of have to assume that a similar amount of capacity would have to leave the market in order for these prices to go back up unless demand all of a sudden recovers. But yes, I mean, look, I fully understand it's a difficult question to answer. It's just something we're grappling with. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Jarmoszuk with Stifel. 
Nicholas Jarmoszuk: First, Mark, it's really difficult to hear you. I was hoping if you'd get a little closer to the microphone. And then a question for you on -- one of the EAF competitors is talking about putting up a new mill in Brownsville. I was hoping you could talk about whether that changes how you think about the market opportunity and the ROI on the project. 
Mark Millett: Well, I guess there, it's what -- we're here to talk about SDI specifically and not hypothesize about the future 3 or 4 years out, to be honest. With our mill, all I can say is it's filling our portfolio. We continue to grow even more so in any day as we talk to prospective customers relative to our Sinton investment. And to be clear, we're not building just a new mill there but establishing a new business horizon for SDI in the Southwest U.S. and Mexico. And we've got an incredible team with probably the deepest breadth of talent to execute on a construction project of this size and start it up and operate it. And we have looked all along the Gulf Coast there and including Brownsville. And the Sinton location, I think will provide the least expensive freight to our targeted markets. It's got the best constructability and most importantly provides the lowest operating cost solution when all things are considered. You can't just look at freight alone or any one particular component. You have to look at all the services, the utilities, transportation, the scrap inbound, cold coil inbound. And so we're incredibly excited, to be honest, there's the team in Sinton.
 And as I said earlier, we're not having more of the same, the technology and the process or anything. We'll provide a differentiated product that's unavailable in the U.S. market today. And our product is real. It's an expansion of a fully demonstrated growth profile that we've sustained through our 25-year history. And so the commentary out there, I think is unfortunate to be further asked of the rhetoric, the speculations, the sensationism that seems to dominate the steel space today. It's taken away the focus from real value growth performance of some steel companies, SDI is one of them. 
Nicholas Jarmoszuk: Okay. The audio is still really difficult to hear. I'll follow-up after the call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Philip Gibbs: Mark, you spoke a little bit about it in your prepared remarks, but I just wanted to see if you could review the rebar investments you've made in the market and where each of your respective projects stand right now. I think you talked about one of them but just if you could give the kind of state of affairs of both of those projects. 
Chris Graham: Yes. Phil, this is Chris. We did have a slow start on a couple of projects, as Mark has alluded to, but in my short time with the long products team, I've seen it heading in the right direction. The teams are debugging and commissioning. And they're good at it. We're just a new product. And so I would tell you, in the last 2 months, incredible strides are being made. We're actually ahead of where I thought we'd be 60 days ago, and the teams are taking it right to capacity, and we're looking forward to the rest of the year and 2020 as being [ locked in ] those regions.
 I would tell you that our medium-section mill in Columbia City where we run the rebar had just -- last month really had their second greatest production month in their history. And that would not have been the case in this market without the rebar project. And so I think it was good vision to add these product lines in an over-served market, and it's providing benefits already. And there's a lot of upside there, Phil. 
Mark Millett: Yes. Specifically, Roanoke, as I said, I think was around about 70% to 80% of its rated capacity currently. Columbia City is way behind that. It's about 50% of its rate. The good thing is that Roanoke can't make enough. The market, particularly on the cut-to-length, the custom length business, we can sell all that we make. That's a good thing particularly when you look at the market in general. 
Chris Graham: And Mark, the thing with Columbia City, last year, I'd say that the recent performance is above that 50% range, and they're going to maintain it. 
Philip Gibbs: So a couple of hundred -- it sounds like a couple of hundred thousand more tons to potentially get out on an annualized basis next year if I'm hearing you correctly. Okay. 
 And then 2 on Heartland, because that's obviously been a growth area for you all, where you acquired that business. Where do we see utilization right now? And then can you just describe how Heartland is being integrated with your legacy operations? Because I know you had to at least purchase a lot of hot-rolled on the open market before you started integrating that. 
Barry Schneider: Yes. Phil, this is Barry Schneider. And Heartland is fitting in really well. The galv line is actually running at a level much higher than what they had historically run. And that is -- has been the previous owner's main shipments are only galvanized. So we've increased that capacity to the team through some key investments, small investments in innovation. But the pickle line and the cold mill there are running very well. And what they're doing currently is taking product from our Butler operation and providing a good cold-rolled base to get to our Jeffersonville facility, which is allowing, as Theresa mentioned earlier, substantially more value-added products to be produced under the combination of Butler and Heartland working together. That's a very good cost alternative for us. It also allows for -- as the product mix gets very light on some of these products, it allows us to get a lot more footage out of these products, which not necessarily shows up as tons but the products are much lighter in gauge and narrower. So a lot more build time to make them. So at this point, that's running very well. 
 We do see advances in selling more cold-rolled product off of the mill. That's an area where we historically have not participated. So we do have good leads and good development streams to get more of those products out. And right now, I'm really happy to say that the Heartland team's doing all this with the same level of manning that they've had historically. So that team has really responded well to the challenge and the Steel Dynamics' approach to working and how they're engaged with their products and their owners of their other business. And they really take it to a [ great wall ]. 
Philip Gibbs: Appreciate the comments and congratulations on the formal achievement of the investment grade on the debt. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Kenyon with Cowen. 
Tyler Kenyon: I just wanted to go back to an earlier question on cash flow just moving into next year. I think you've identified $150 million to $155 million of property tax benefits associated with the Sinton investment, but I think it may take some time to realize the full extent of those. Are there any other cash tax savings we should be thinking about in 2020 as you spend this capital? And any way to quantify that? 
Theresa Wagler: The major benefit will come actually, Tyler, in 2021 as the facility starts up, and you will immediately be able to deduct the capital spent under the new tax rules, which other companies do as well. But as you're constructing, it's not that you're deducting it as you spend it. And you're correct. The $150 million to $155 million of tax benefit actually will accrue to us over, call it, a 5- to 10-year period. 
Tyler Kenyon: Okay. Is there any way to think about what that cash tax savings could be in 2021, either on a cash tax rate basis or in terms of absolute dollars? 
Theresa Wagler: There is. I'm not prepared to give you that number today, but we'd be happy to do that in a later call. 
Tyler Kenyon: Okay. And then just one last one for me. Wanted to just ask about the Vulcan business. We've seen some duties put in place on an outstanding trade case on threaded rod. I know a small market, but curious if you've seen any benefit from a pricing perspective since the trade case has been announced and since we've seen some duties put in place. And then if you could maybe perhaps help me with trying to quantify the actual size of that market. 
Chris Graham: This is Chris. We've definitely seen some assistance in the threaded rod arena because of the tariff discussions. Some of the largest consumers of threaded rod who are buying 100% offshore are coming to visit our team for the first time in decades. Now Vulcan does make several products, heat-treat and cold finish. Those are more directly related to scrap. And so they've had the same pressures. But you're right. It's a good point on low tariffs on threaded rod. We've not -- there's been a disconnect with the scrap pricing. It's been -- we've gotten some pricing power there. 
 One comment as you talk about the cases, I think it's interesting. Some of the products Vulcan make imports hold as much as 85% share. And so you're right. It's been an interesting case to follow. And we believe there's going to be some opportunities for Vulcan to grow. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. 
John Tumazos: I was very encouraged that the August industry shipments of 8.47 million tons to holiday month, they were the highest in several years. Were Steel Dynamics' shipments higher in September than in August, to signal an improving trend? And do you think the industry will get over 9 million tons for October, which seasonally is the stronger month in the second half? 
Theresa Wagler: John, I would say that generally our shipments weren't extraordinarily higher nor lower from August to September across the platform. And I don't think that we can get what October will be for the industry. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks. 
Mark Millett: Well, again, as in the past, certainly appreciate your interest and your time today. To our customers that may be on the line, thank you for your business, and hopefully we continue to earn your trust in the business. And to our employees, again, safety, safety, safety. Thanks for all you do. You do a hell of a job. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be following at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 23rd, 2019 and your participation implies consent to our recording the call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Christine. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have leaders for our operating platforms including our Metals Recycling Operations; Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; Steel Operations; Chris Graham Senior, Vice President of the Long Products Steel Group; Barry Schneider Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group; for our new flat roll mill and Southwest strategy we have Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Special Projects; and Miguel Alvarez, Senior Vice President Southwest U.S. and Mexico; and for our fabrication operations; Jim Anderson, Vice President Steel Fabrication. Some of today's statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling, and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading forward-looking statements and risk factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-K. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Second Quarter 2019 Results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. As always, we appreciate and value your time with us this morning. But first I'd like to thank the SDI team for delivering a solid quarter, despite a challenging pricing environment and congratulate them for their continued innovative passionate spirit that continues to drive this phenomenal company toward excellence. It is gratifying to see our teams continue to break records, create new products, and find new ways to be even more productive, cost-efficient, and safe. But first, to begin the morning, Theresa will provide insights regarding our second quarter results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning. Our second quarter 2019 net income was $194 million or $0.87 per diluted share within our guidance range of $0.86 to $0.90. Second quarter 2019 revenues were $2.8 billion, 10% lower than second quarter 2018 sales and 2% lower than the first quarter sequential results as average flat roll realized steel prices decline. Our second quarter 2019 operating income was $285 million, 43% lower than prior year second quarter earnings driven by flat-rolled steel metal margin compression and 2% lower than sequential first quarter results, primarily due to lower shipments and product pricing within our long product steel operation. To take this moment to level set, our financial results are quite strong. They're just lower relative to our record high 2018 results. And as we discuss our business this morning, you'll find we are constructive concerning underlying steel demand and optimistic concerning our unique earnings catalog. Within our steel operations, second quarter shipments increased 3% sequentially to 2.8 million tons, a result of the continued ramp-up of our Heartland facility and the recent addition of United Steel Supply. Our average quarterly realized steel sales prices across all operations decreased $23 per ton to $879 in the second quarter. However, if you exclude our steel processing location sales, the average sales price for our steel mills declined $41 per ton as averaged scrap cost only declined $22 compressing our steel metal margin. The result was second quarter steel operating income of $295 million and although lower than prior year results, historically, a very good performance. I want to take a moment to mention additional information we provided related to our steel production volumes versus our steel processing volumes. It's important to note the change in our steel mix from almost purely steel production economics to the higher percentage of steel processing or conversion economics that we have today. We posted our second quarter slide deck on our website. And if you review slide eight, you will note that the mix shift changes how you should view our steel operating cost. We still maintain the lowest and the most highly variable conversion cost position, but we now have a larger component of our costs related to raw material steel with input used at our steel processing location. For example, the process steel input was only 10% of our steel platform cost of goods sold in 2017, and has grown to 16% year-to-date in 2019 and will likely increase further as we continue to grow volume at both Heartland and United Steel Supply. It's a powerful strategic advantage to have processing capabilities with the same higher steel mill utilization during weaker demand environment, create optionality of supply for our customers, and allow for value-add product diversified in all market. Moving to our metals recycling platform. Second quarter operating income was $11 million, a 47% decrease sequentially based on lower ferrous selling values and lower non-ferrous shipment. Indexed ferrous scrap prices fell and was $90 per gross ton from March to June 2019. We continue to effectively lever the strength of our vertically connected operating model which benefits both the steel mills and the scrap operations. Second quarter 2019 operating income for our fabrication business improved sequentially to $31 million, representing a 49% increase and our third best quarterly performance. Congratulations to the team. Earnings improved based on strong shipments and meaningfully lower steel input cost. We continue to see strong order inquiry and customer optimism coupled with a strong project backlog. Our cash generation continues to be incredibly strong. During the second quarter 2019, we generated $361 million of cash flow from operations and $543 million for the first half of 2019. This incredible performance represents a trailing 12-month 85% free cash flow conversion rate. First half 2019 capital investments were $140 million. We estimate second half 2019 fixed assets capital investments to be approximately $150 million. We still have about $80 million to spend on Columbus' third galvanizing line which is on schedule to start mid-2020. We maintained our cash dividend for the second quarter at $0.24 per common share. We also repurchased $93 million of our common stock during the second quarter and $177 million during the first half of the year. Just over $220 million remains authorized for repurchase at the end of the quarter. Since June of 2016 we have repurchased 24.3 million shares, representing 11% of our outstanding balance.  We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We achieved record liquidity of over $2.3 billion at June 30, 2019, representing $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.2 billion of available funding under our revolving credit facility.  Before I hand the call back to Mark, I'll share some updates pertaining to the anticipated cash investment timelines for our new Southwestern U.S. flat roll steel mill to be located in Sinton, Texas.  The total investment is currently expected to be approximately $1.9 billion, based on an expanded project scope to accommodate the differentiated 84-inch width and associated coil handling requirements. We also increased the galvanizing line from 450,000 tons to 550,000 tons. Assuming timely receipt of required environmental and operating permits, we expect to begin facility construction early 2020, followed by starting operations midyear of 2021. Based on this timeline, we estimate capital outlays to be approximately $275 million in 2019, $1 billion in 2020 with the remainder in 2021. In 2019 so far we've spent approximately $30 million. These estimates do not include state and local incentive benefits. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with a strong capital foundation provides meaningful opportunity for growth and the continued shareholder distribution through our positive dividend profile and share repurchase program. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized long-term value creation. And lastly for those that track in more detail our flat roll shipments, during the second quarter we shipped 856,000 tons of hot-rolled and P&O, 191,000 tons of cold-rolled and 950,000 tons of coated material. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. Safety is and will always be our number one value and first priority. There's nothing more important. While our performance remains significantly better than industry averages, it's clearly not enough. It's not good enough. We must all remain vigilant both at work and at home, to be continuously aware of our surroundings and those around us. I challenge all of us to remain focused and strive toward our ultimate goal of zero incidents. The fabrication platform delivered a strong performance, with earnings increasing almost 50%. Despite continued wet weather hindering the pace of construction projects, volumes increased based on a steady underlying demand environment. Profit margins also expanded as raw material steel input costs decreased meaningfully. Our order backlog remained strong to slightly ahead of where we were at this time last year. Project backlogs are expanding as contractors struggle with the construction labor shortage, which should prolong this non-residential construction cycle. The ongoing strength of this business and continued customer optimism bodes well for non-residential construction demand well into next year. Ferrous scrap pricing trended down through the quarter, with both prime and obsolete scrap indices falling almost $90 per gross ton in three months. Our metals recycling profitability decreased as a result of the lower ferrous selling values and lower non-ferrous shipments. Scrap pricing appears to have stabilized in July. Scrap flows began to slow later in the quarter and manifested by lower procurement values thereby reducing dealer and the odd inventories, and export volumes remain weak. Although muted, we would expect some firming of the scrap price over the next four to eight weeks by perhaps $20 a ton. The manufacturing base is still generating an ample supply of prime scrap. We anticipate export volumes to remain constrained throughout the rest of the year. So this is consistent with our longer-term scrap view that pricing will remain stable and supportive of healthy steel metal margins into next year. The steel platform delivered a solid second quarter performance in a challenging steel pricing environment, a weakening scrap environment coupled with continued inventory destocking that the steel buying hesitancy throughout the quarter. Hot-roll coil price indices have fallen approximately $200 per ton since December 2018. Despite these challenges, with the addition of United Steel Supply and the ramp-up of Heartland steel, our steel shipment volume improved. The good news is that underlying steel demand has remained intact, scrap prices have steadied, and we have recently seen stabilization and improvement in flat roll pricing resulting in increased order activity and improved backlogs across the Flat Roll platform. In contrast structural, merchant bar and rebar steel pricing remains pressured from domestic and imported competition. Underlying domestic steel demand remains constructive, and we've seen continued positive activity across most of the steel-consuming sectors, including the automotive, construction and industrial customers. Energy is particularly strong and with the necessary growth in transportation, pipeline and infrastructure for both gas and liquids, will remain strong for several years to come. We believe both the U.S. and Mexican steel consumption will continue to improve in the coming years with Mexican growth outpacing that of the U.S. based on meaningful increases in their manufacturing base. Furthermore, the U.S. trade position should continue to erode imports and increase domestic steel content requirements of the anticipated USMCA, which has recently been approved by Mexico and is in the process of approval by Canada, should enhance domestic demand and further support industry utilization. We continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future through optimization of existing operations, organic investments and transactional growth. During 2018, we reinvested in our existing steel operations and acquired Heartland. Early this year, we also acquired a 75% controlling interest in United Steel Supply to further enhance our pre-paint supply chain. We completed a $38 million 200,000 ton rebar expansion at our Roanoke Bar Division in the third quarter of 2018, becoming the only independent supplier in the area. In the first half of 2019, the team achieved close to 75% volume rate capability. In the first quarter of 2019, we also completed a 240,000-ton $82 million rebar expansion in our Structural and Rail division. Ramp-up here has been a little slower than anticipated but the key piece of equipment is now commissioned and we expect to achieve a 75% production rate later in the second half 2019. This expansion includes cut-to-length and coiled rebar capability. Our unique rebar supply chain model is expected to meaningfully enhance customer optionality and flexibility providing significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits for the customer. In addition, we will be the largest independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region. We acquired Heartland mid-year of 2018, increasing our flat roll product diversification through value-added wider and lighter gauge product capability. Its geographic proximity to our existing Midwest flat roll operations also allows for meaningful value creation. Butler has been enhanced in its production capability by redirecting lighter gauge orders to Heartland allowing Butler to increase more value-added production. In fact, they have been setting production records in all their coating lines even after 25 years of continued growth. It's attributed to their innovative passionate spirit and I congratulate both teams for their continued commitment and never-fearing can-do attitude. We plan to reach approximately 70% of the planned 800,000-ton run rate for Heartland in the second half of 2019. In 2018, we also announced further growth for our Columbus flat roll division. In the last two years, Columbus has transformed its product offering through the addition of a paint line and the introduction of more complex grades of flat roll steel. The diversion of products to these diversified value-added outlets produced the volume of existing products available to our current galvanized steel customers. To address the associated lack of sufficient galvanizing capacity, we announced the addition of a third galvanizing line at Columbus. The $140 million investment is another step of further value-added diversification at Columbus and less hot-rolled coil exposure. The 400,000-ton line is planned to begin operating midyear 2020. Additionally, we announced a $90 million investment at Columbus to further increase the range of complex grade capabilities including the advanced high-strength steels for both the automotive and energy sectors. These upgrades will be completed by the end of 2020. In aggregate, these upgrades will reduce the availability of about 400,000 tons of non-coated flat roll steel that we currently supply into the Southern U.S. by the year 2021. This advantageously coincides with the time frame we plan to begin operating our brand new flat roll steel mill. This should be an immediate help to volume loading the new mill. And I continue to be increasingly excited about the expansive opportunities and the long-term value creation of our Southwest U.S. and Mexico growth strategy will provide Steel Dynamics. Each of our operating platforms have an existing presence in the region today and we're on the move and planning to meaningfully expand our influence in the region. The planned construction of our new flat roll steel mill is a significant part of that plan. The facility is designed to have an annual production capacity of 3 million tons and will include a 550,000-ton galvanizing line and a 250,000-ton paint line Galvalume capability. We estimate the investment to be approximately $1.9 billion. We've entered into equipment supply agreements in most of the items we estimate to being the primary supplier. The new mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc-furnace flat roll steel reducers competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. Having a thicker cast section and more conventional two-stage hot rolling process that allows thermal mechanical rolling, the metal capability will provide higher strength tougher grades for the energy and automotive markets. The mill will be capable of 84-inch wide, one inch thick, 100 ksi hot-rolled coil. The capability essentially unavailable in the U.S. today. Furthermore, heavier coil weights and heat size will provide energy pipe producers, intrinsic cost and yield saving. The configuration will also allow us to ship some by-products on a limited basis. Downstream value-added capabilities will include as I said galvanizing improvement. To be clear, we're not just adding production capacity. We have a differentiated product portfolio. We will have a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and we have targeted customer markets. As you saw, we are happy and excited to announce the new mill will be located in Sinton Texas. Adjacent to Corpus Christi, the geographic location has numerous significant competitive advantages to almost any site along the Gulf Coast, when considering geographic market position, power, freight benefits and what became increasingly significant in the site search, water availability and constructability. The people in Sinton have been very welcoming and we thank them for their partnership and shared vision for this strategic investment. Significant competitive advantage lies in the Sinton location and central to our targeted customer in the market regions. Sinton lies just 190 miles from the large steel-consuming city of Houston and 300 miles from the growing Monterrey, Mexico region. It also provides advantageous capability to access the West Coast. The site will provide a significant freight benefit to most of our intended customers, relative to their current supply chain configuration. We would expect the sales to be a minimum of $20 to $30 per ton compared to their current closest domestic supplier. In addition, customers will be able to order on a much shorter lead time basis, providing a significant delivery time and working capital advantage. We have the opportunity to provide steel in terms of weeks, not months. These benefits provide a competitive supply chain, allowing the new mill to effectively compete with imports thrown into Houston and the West Coast that inherently have long lead times and suspected of pricing risks. This will give the American pipe producers the competitive supply chain to once again compete with foreign pipe producers that have dominated the market as of late. Consider that approximately 2.4 million tons of OCTG and 1.5 million tons of line pipe were imported through the port of Houston in 2018. Customers are excited to have a regional supplier and have already expressed interest in possibly locating facilities on or near our site, and we're in currently in dialogue with many of them today. From a raw material perspective, our metals recycling operations already control a significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico, due to our scrap management relationships, much of which is prime scrap. We also plan to cost-effectively source pig iron through the port system. Based on our current scrap relationships, both in Mexico and the Southern U.S., we are confident in the ability to procure a high-quality prime scrap in the region. We have three targeted regional sales markets, representing over 27 to 28 million tons of relevant flat-roll steel consumption, and we believe that demand will increase in the coming year. The regions include approximately 8 million tons from the four-state region of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas, which has limited domestic regional supply and relies heavily on imports. Sinton lies in close proximity to both rail and trucking delivery into these regions. There are approximately 4 million tons from the underserved West Coast region, which also relies heavily on imports and there are approximately 16 million tons from the growing Northern and Mid-Central Mexican region. In 2018, the Mexican market imported 7.5 million tons of flat-rolled steel. And based on their growing manufacturing base, we believe Mexican demand growth will continue to outpace supply, making it an even more attractive underserved market in the coming years. Sinton will have the most trade advantage shipment into this region from the U.S. We've been developing our flat-rolled steel business strategy for this region in Mexico for several years. We've been developing both customer and scrap relationships and we are confident in the long-term strategic value and investment profile this project provides. We believe our unique operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating cost-effective and highly profitable steel mills, positions us well to execute this greenfield opportunity. More generally, we are also optimistic about our existing market opportunities for 2019. For the second half of 2019, we believe, North American steel consumption will experience continued modest growth, supported by further steel import reductions and the end of inventory destocking. The actions taken by the U.S. federal government have developed a healthy domestic steel industry and should provide sustainable long-term support to the U.S. manufacturing base. There have been recent allied steel convention trade actions that we believe could have a positive impact in further reducing unfairly traded steel imports into the United States, including coated flat-rolled steel, which could have a significant positive impact to Steel Dynamics, as we are the largest non-automotive flat-rolled steel coater in the U.S. Additionally, we're already seeing a benefit from trade action against prefabricated steel imports that have gained significant market share over the last few years. Specific to Steel Dynamics, our unique culture and the execution of the long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through a strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, clearly demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification and low-cost operating platforms, support our ability to maintain our best-in-class performance and differentiation. The company and team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth, and that team is exceptional and provides the foundation for our success. I thank each and every one of you for your passion and commitment to our excellence and remind you safety is always the first priority. We're committed to providing exemplary long-term value to our fellow colleagues, communities, customers and shareholders and look forward to creating new opportunities. So, again, thank you for your time, and Christine, we'd love to turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Hi, Mark, and thanks for taking my question. Just around the new mills, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the incentives, how they play out and over what time line and the sort of things the discussions you had on that side. And then, around the galvanizing just on the CapEx side the extra 100,000 ton expansion there. Can you just talk a little bit about customer feedback, and how you came to the decision on that? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So Chris, related to the incentives, there's approximately $150 million to $155 million worth of incentives. Some of that probably 10% to 15% of that would be more in the immediate time frame over the two to three-year time frame. The rest of it is a little bit longer on half of the property taxes, so more of a 10-year time frame. And we'll be getting more specific with that as time goes on.
Mark Millett: It is in -- relative to the galvanizing expanded volumes, I think we said 450,000 tons in the past to 550,000 tons. Obviously, our past commentary was way before the real detailed conversations with equipment suppliers, and also just internal debate with design -- with our own talent, and we just believe that 550,000 tons for the anticipated line is reality for that line, and certainly going to be absorbed by the market play.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Korn: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. So we spent so many months watching sheet prices fall and focusing on supply ramp-ups. It's exciting to see prices start to gain some traction and some bullishness appear in the scrap markets. Now back in February, it looked like the market had also had a little bit of a turn. You saw favorable seasonality anticipated, iron ores is popped in, some price hikes were announced. But that turned out to be a head fake. So, a question for you is, what do you think is different this time around with where we are in the cycle?
Mark Millett: Well, I think obviously the principal pressure has been the destocking of the supply chain. And to be honest, as I talked with customers over the past six to seven months, some of them since December, people have been a little surprised in all honesty that the pricing dropped as far as it did in the first place, because underlying demand we believe and I think all our customers believe, is generally intact, and as we said its very, very constructive. So, you're seeing a couple of sort of boiled down the price increases. I think you probably saw the public price increased again -- the additional price increase again yesterday. The indices have come up to around about $550-ish today from a low of $505 in June. The future -- September future is around the $605. I do believe that the recent price increases will certainly achieve, if not exceed, that future level.
Matthew Korn: Got it. Then let me ask on the new site in Texas. So, first, in terms of timing of permitting your final incentives, when should we see that all summed up and cleared for construction? And then, second, with the aim for the mid-2021 operations just to start up? How active are you and can you be today in actually building out the book of business? Do you have a target in terms of how much you expect to be under a firm contract? How much you'd earmark for on-site buyers as you described? Any detail there and the strategy would be very helpful.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, firstly, we would anticipate obviously firms' on-site work occurring later this year, but true construction not occurring until early next year after a permit has been put in place. We're expecting technically that we'd get a permit first quarter of 2020, give or take a little bit. And relative to the market for Butler, I think, if I could kind of expand a little bit on that, there's been some criticism lately that, I guess, as to the expansionary plans of the -- in general. I just want to clearly sort of state that this project, this opportunity is really differentiated. It certainly brings a combination of technologies and dimensional capabilities that is unsurpassed and largely unavailable in the U.S. today, that the energy pipe producers -- a lot of material through a necessity is being imported, because we just don't have the quality and capability within the United States. So I would tell you that the mill isn't just adding domestic capacity. It's more of an import killer. The substantial amount of material flowing through the Port of Houston. And it's going to allow the pipe producers in the area for the first time in a long time a competitive supplier of scrap or hot-rolled coil to compete with the Korean and other pipe importers. And as I said earlier, there's about -- in 2018, there's about 2.4 million tons of OCTG and about 1.5 million tons of land pipe came in, competing with our American pipe producers. That's because they just have -- they didn't have a substrate to use, competitively priced substrate. We think that we're going to compete admirably, to be honest, on the import side of the business. As I suggested, the rearrangement or redirection of the product of Columbus is going to essentially eliminate our ability to supply about 400,000 tons of hot-rolled coil products into Texas. That will coincide with the start-up of the mill, so there's kind of an immediate base loading just from our current product mix. We have a growing automotive volume into Mexico, especially through the BMW and other European providers through U.S. Steel Supply. I think we have an immediate growth opportunity for more pre-painted Galvalume. There's roughly -- there's about 250,000 and 300,000 tons of Galvalume that came through the Port of Houston last year. And obviously, we'll be able to compete to that. And then, finally, we have had considerable and, I think, there are actually more than considerable, incredible amount of interest from our customer base. Those in the industry are incredibly excited to have a regional producer in that area and we have numerous steel consumers, both pipe producers, steel service centers, distributors, processors wanting to locate or co-locate in that region. And I would imagine that we can achieve very, very quickly the same model as we have in Butler where I think we have 500,000, 600,000 tons of sort of on-campus consumption. So, I'm confident that we can ramp-up the mill very, very quickly.
Matthew Korn: Got it. Good luck to you Mark. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Yes, hey, good morning, guys.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: On Nucor's call, they talked a little bit about third quarter being affected by the sharp decline in price in the second quarter on a lag basis to contract customers. So, I was wondering if you could expand on how that can affect your operations and that if you've either seen the same phenomenon?
Theresa Wagler: Timna, yes. As a reminder to everyone for the Flat Roll Group, we have about 50% of our volume that's contractual and so it will have the lag effect as well. It's tied in some form or fashion with CRU Index. So, we'll have that same phenomenon that Nucor mentioned on their call.
Timna Tanners: Okay. And it would be the interesting to hear if there's other facets that could offset that especially because you've been expanding more to downstream but I wanted to ask my second question on the new mill. Just wondering if you could expand on a few things. One is you say incredibly quick ramp-up which it sounds like, but when you talk about middle of 2021, when would you expect to get to a full run rate? And at what point would that convert to from hot roll to including more of a galvanized like how quickly can you expand on your value add paint line et cetera? And how much could be plate, because that was intriguing with the capability to go up to 5.5 inches. Thanks.
Mark Millett: I'll take the plate one first before I forget. The 5.5 inches, it's the cast section we're going with a much thicker section than any other electric-arc-furnace space mill in The States today if not the world to be honest. And that allows you to do sort of metallurgical things, thermal mechanical rolling, greater reductions to have better surfaces. The actual finished product maximum thickness is 1-inch, so 1-inch hot-rolled coil. So, it's not 5.5-inch plate.
Timna Tanners: Got you. Okay.
Mark Millett: So, it's the 1-inch coil plate that we could process or have processed into sort of cut-to-length then plate. And maybe if you look at the plate market there's an 84-inch range. We should be able to supply 100,000 tons, 200,000 tons of plate I would think at least one would hope. On the ramp-up, again, starting up in mid-2021, I would hope to be in 2022 around about 75% 80% of its rated capacity. And then relative to the value add given that we have hot-rolled coil substrate available at Columbus throughout our organization, we will attempt to accelerate the galvanizing line and pre-paint line and that -- Glenn's want to fringe, but I would imagine that's going to be the first half of 2021 as a start-up.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Fields with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Fields: Hey everybody. I just wanted to ask a probably more boring question on the balance sheet here. But you've basically been at about $2.4 billion of debt for the last two and a half years. Heading into especially next year where you're going to ramp-up the capital spending, is $2.4 billion kind of the right level of dollar amount of debt for your balance sheet? Or do you think that there is a lower or higher level that you're more comfortable with?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. No. We absolutely have more debt capacity for the balance sheet as we execute on both organic and potential transactional opportunity. You'll see it utilize the balance sheet in that way when it's necessary. So, there's still room.
Matthew Fields: Okay. So, does that mean that investment-grade rating is a little bit less important than it was in the past if you're willing to borrow more on the balance sheet to fund these growth opportunities?
Theresa Wagler: I wouldn't say that because today our metrics are actually far superior to just entry level investment-grade metrics. So there's still room to have that on the balance sheet and have investment grade ratings as well. But that's something that will happen when the time comes.
Matthew Fields: Okay. But the focus is on the new Southwest mill and then potentially other M&A opportunities for the shorter term.
Theresa Wagler: Correct.
Matthew Fields: Okay. Thanks very much and good luck.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi Investment Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Hacking: Hi, good morning. Thanks Mark and Theresa. I just wanted to follow up on the Texas mill quickly. If I synthesize what I think you said Mark, just looking at the U.S. piece of this mill which is going to be about 2 million tons of supply or 70% heading for Texas-West Coast which in your view is about an 11 million-ton market. You said 400,000 tons will substitute Butler, 30% is targeted for energy which is largely going to displace imports something like 600,000 tons that's about 1 million tons. Of the other million tons that the mill is going to sell, do you have a sense of what the opportunity is to displace imports of that versus how much will be taken up with market growth and displacing other domestic supply?
Mark Millett: Let's try, our color really matter, but I believe other areas would be the --the prepaint Galvalume that's been a market that has been highly pressured by imports particularly Vietnam and that iron circumvention action here recently was certainly holding that the rest of 250,000 tons of new product in that area. You have directly about 1 million tons down to Mexico through automotive HVAC and appliance. Now that's today a 15 million ton, 16 million ton market about 7.5 million tons are currently imported. And even with the increased capacity announcements there, that market is kind of dislocated, but they just don't have the product capabilities for the [indiscernible] today. So even with their internal expansions, we see considerable opportunity of the years ahead for that one million tons.
Alex Hacking: Okay, thanks. And then just following up on the current market conditions, you mentioned as Nucor and others have done that we're seeing kind of a destocking for the industrial supply chain. Do you guys have any sense about when that destocking and as you talked to your customers, did you get any sense that it's already ending in June versus what you are seeing in April and May? Thanks.
Mark Millett: I guess one has to assume that it's coming to an end because the customers are back in the marketplace as pricing is appreciating today, the order activity input rates are increasing and lead times are extending. And if you consider that with the destocking imports will continue to erode for the rest of the year and we believe the second half demand will be modestly above into the beginning half of the year. So I think that will pressure the market into upward price momentum and increased order rate.
Alex Hacking: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hey, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Mark what are you seeing on the consumable side? I know that electrodes and refractories and alloys have been pressure points over the last 12 to 18 months. But are we seeing any reprieve and any of those inputs?
Mark Millett: I think the -- any one of the significance or materiality would be electrodes Phil. And as Barry laids out...
Barry Schneider: 20%, 25%.
Mark Millett: 20%, 25%? So that's the...
Barry Schneider: From the peak.
Mark Millett: From the peak. And obviously, there is the contracted volume, so that doesn't happen overnight, but it happens through the rest of this year. So that's a positive move. I don't think we're seeing any major issues with alloys or refractories or on the outside so...
Phil Gibbs: Well, Mark, when you talk about electrodes being down I guess from peak or on the spot side, I know there's some contract commitments at least in the U.S. market. So how does that all blend together in terms of what you all actually realize?
Theresa Wagler: There's -- with the electrodes, if you look at the cost side that we did in the presentation, you can see that they moved kind of from 2017, 2018 levels of about 1% of our cost to about 2%. Year-to-date, they're up probably around $25 million for the first half of the year compared to the first half of last year.
Phil Gibbs: That's very helpful. And then just a question, as I bridge cash flow for this year. Theresa, what are you envision for working capital change in the second half? And then also please just remind us again what your CapEx guidance is for this year? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: So the CapEx guidance for the second half of this year excluding the new mill is about $150 million. For the new mill, we're expecting to spend approximately $275 million in 2019. And as it relates to working capital, I would expect it to not likely be drawn in the second half. It's likely to be even to maybe slightly ascending as we worked on some of the within finished goods inventory that grew a bit in the second quarter.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Christine. Once again, thank you everyone that is remaining on the call. Thank you for your time today. It continues to be an incredibly exciting time for SDI. We've had a very positive growth curve over the last 25 years and I believe with Heartland, with U.S. Steel Supply and now with the New Mill, we will continue to maintain if not exceed that trajectory. And just want to thank our customers for allowing us to do that and for our employees, thank you seriously for everything you do each and every day and continue to work safe. Thank you all. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be following at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 22, 2019, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn this conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Steel Dynamics' first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys Web site for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have leaders from some of our operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group; and our new Flat Roll Steel Group; and our new flat roll steel mill and Southwest strategy we have, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Special Project; and Miquel Alvarez, Senior Vice President, Southwest U.S. and Mexico. Some of todays statements, which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading forward-looking statements and risk factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-K. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued this morning entitled Steel Dynamics reports first quarter 2019 results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. We appreciate and value your time with us this morning. At this point, Tricia normally provided performance insights, but I'd like to instead pause for a moment to acknowledge the recent workplace fatality that occurred in our structural and rail division. We are saddened and our thoughts and prayers reside within the family and friends. Although, we have some of the best safety specifics in our industry, it brings little comfort at times like this. The reason I always begin our calls on safety is because it's simply cannot be stressed enough. This is our number one value and our first priority. Nothing is more important than staying in a safe environment. We must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and the team members around us. We must actively think about safe at all times, keeping it an ongoing conversation and top of mind. That being said, Theresa, will you provide us some insights with our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter 2019 net income was $204 million or $0.91 per diluted share, within our guidance range of $0.88 to $0.92 per share. First quarter 2019 revenues were $2.8 billion higher than first quarter 2018 sales, but 3% lower than fourth quarter sequential results as average flat-rolled realized steel prices decline. Our first quarter 2019 operating income was $292 million, 20% lower than sequential fourth quarter results, driven by flat-rolled steel metals price compression. As we discuss our businesses this morning, you will find we are optimistic about 2019 from a macro perspective and even more so because of our unique earnings catalyst. More specifically, our first quarter steel shipments increased 4% sequentially to 2.7 million tons with growth achieved at each division, excluding our structural and engineered bar division. Steels metals price compressed as our average quarterly realized sales price decreased $38 per ton to $902 in the first quarter and average scrap cost consumed only decreased $5 per ton. The sales price decline is driven by lower flat-rolled steel prices. In general, aside from merchant steel, most of our long product steel prices actually increased in the first quarter. The result was first quarter steel operating income of $312 million and although, lower than fourth quarter results historically is strong performance. On March 1st, we acquired 75% controlling interest in United Steel Supply, a leading distributor of painted Galvalume flat roll steel used for roofing and siding applications. We paid cash of $93 million and assume debt of $41 million. The cash payment is still subject to working capital adjustments later in the year. With our recent flat-roll acquisitions, production enhancements and our investments to cost effectively access the excess melting capacity or rolled over the structural steel divisions, we have diversified and increased our product capability. We now have an estimated annual steel shipping capability of over 13 million tons, including over 8.5 million tons of flat-roll steel and over 4.5 million tons of long product steel. And because of our emphasis on value-add steel, we also have 4.5 million tons of higher margin annual flat roll steel coating capability. And with third galvanizing line is running at Columbus mid-2020, we'll have almost 5 million tons of coating capability. For announced recycling platform, first quarter operating income was $20 million, an 18% sequential improvement based on increased non-ferrous shipments specifically aluminum and higher realized pricing. We continue to effectively leverage the strength of our vertically connected operating model, which benefits both the steel mills and the scrap operations. Over 65% of our metals recycling platform ferrous shipment serve our own steel mills, increasing scrap quality, melt efficiency and reducing company-wide working capital requirement. First quarter 2019 operating income for our fabrication business improved sequentially to $21 million, representing a 39% increase. Earnings improved and realized product pricing increased, and average steel input costs decreased. We continue to see strong order enquiry and customer optimism. We're entering the traditional construction season with a strong project backlog, and expectations for continued solid non-residential construction activity. Our March fabrication backlog is as strong as it was this time last year. During the first quarter 2019, we generated $182 million of cash flow from operations, offset by operating working capital growth of the same amount as there were several annual payments, which are required to be made in the first quarter of this year. For example, our company wide profit sharing payments to our teams was $140 million in March due to our record 2018 earnings. First quarter capital investments were $54 million. We currently estimate 2019 fixed asset capital investments to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million, excluding the new mill, which Ill address later. This comprised of $100 million to $150 million of sustaining capital, which includes safety and environmental projects, $100 million related to Columbuss third galvanizing line addition and $100 million for other expansionary and efficiency growth projects. Regarding shareholder distributions, we increased our cash dividend in the first quarter of 2019 to $0.24 per common share, a 28% increase. This solid increase is a 21% last year and 11% in 2017, demonstrating our confidence in the strength and continued growth of our sustainable through-cycle cash generation. We also repurchased $84 million of our common stock during the first quarter. Approximately $315 million remains authorized for repurchase at the end of the quarter. Since 2016, we repurchased 23.6 million shares, representing over 10% of our outstanding shares. We maintained strong liquidity at $2.2 billion at March 31st, representing almost $1 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.2 billion of available funding under our revolving credit facility. Before I hand the call back to Mark, I will share some updates regarding additional insights pertaining to the anticipated cash investment timeline for our New South Western U.S. flat-rolled steel-mill, which is a key part of our growth strategy. The total investment is currently expected to be approximately $1.8 billion, subject to continued refinement as we make final site selection, obtain required permitting and finalize the project timeline. Based on what we know at this point and assuming timely receipt of required environmental and operating permits, we would expect to begin actual facility construction in 2020, followed by starting operations in the second half of 2021. Based on this timeline, we estimate that approximately half of our investments to be as follows; approximately $300 million in 2019, $850 million dollars in 2020 and $650 million in 2021. We'll continue to refine these estimates as we make our final site selection and secure state and local incentives. We've been making very good progress on these fronts. The strength of our improved cash cycle regeneration coupled with a strong capital foundation provides meaningful opportunity for growth and continued shareholder distributions through our positive dividend profile and share repurchase program. We're squarely positioned for a continued optimized long-term growth creation. And finally, for some of those of you that use flat rolled steel shipments for your model that are broken down. For the first quarter of 2019, our hot-rolled and P&O shipments were 854,000 tons. Our cold rolled shipments were 137,000 tons. And finally, our coated shipments were 867,000 tons. Thank you. Mark? 
Mark Millett: Thanks Theresa. As Theresa reported, New Millennium building systems fabrication platform delivered strong performance. Profitability increasing to slight lower shipments, resulting from income as well. Product pricing has improved while steel input costs have decreased, resulting in metal spread expansion. Our order backlog remain strong heading into the summer construction season and a slightly higher than this time last year. Project backlogs are expanding as contractors struggled with the construction labor shortage, which should prolong this long residential construction cycle. The ongoing strength of this business and continued customer optimism bodes well for non-residential construction demand. Our metals recycling team also performed well, improving profitability in the quarter as non-ferrous volumes in metal spread increased, especially related to aluminum. Conversely, ferrous volumes contracted modestly. Ferrous scrap availability has been steady with strong automotive sectors generating a more than ample supply of prime scrap. We expect seasonal flows with cut and shredded grades will continue to pick up and outpace demand. We expect actual volumes to remain constrained through the rest of the year. And this is consistent with our longer term scrap view that pricing will remain stable in support of healthy steel sheet metal margins. The steel platform delivered a solid first quarter performance in a somewhat challenging flat-rolled steel pricing environment. Flat-rolled steel prices began a downward trend in the second half of 2018, which continued through mid-first quarter reaching an inflection point in February. As prices softened, bias remain on the sideline, yet our teams were able to increase flat roll shipments to help offset some of the margin compression. The good news is that underlying demand remained intact. Flat roll pricing increased and order input rates returned, thereby regaining healthy lead times. While industry shipping rates eased in the first quarter 2019 due to 35 day government shut back and abnormally cold and wet weather in many parts of the country, long voyage rates and interest costs should increase construction and higher oil prices could boost energy sector demand in the coming quarters. We further believe both U.S. and Mexican steel consumption will continue to improve in the coming years, with Mexican growth outpacing that of the U.S. based on meaningful increases in their manufacturing base. We continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future through optimization of existing operations, organic investments and transactional growth. During 2018, we've reinvested on our existing steel operations and acquired Heartland, a 1 million ton flat rolled processing facility for additional value add product diversification. We also recently acquired a 75% controlling interest in United Steel Supply to further enhance our prepaying supply chain. We completed the $38 million and 200,000 ton a year rebar expansion at our Roanoke Bar division in the third quarter, becoming the only independent supplier in that region. In the first quarter 2019, we also completed 240,000 ton per year $82 million rebar expansion in our structural and rail division. This expansion includes cut-to-length and cold rebar capabilities. Our unique rebar supply chain model is expected to meaningfully enhance customer optionality and flexibility, providing significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits. In addition, we'll the largest independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region also. We shipped our first full rebar in February. We acquired Heartland in mid-year 2018, increasing our flat roll product diversification through value added wider and lighter gauge product capability. Its geographic proximity to our existing Midwest flat roll operations also allows for meaningful value creation. Integration is going well and the team is setting new production levels and productivity. The facility was supposed to higher cost inventory acquired through an acquisition through most of 2018. We still plan to reach an annualized run rate of over 80% of capacity by mid-year. The innovative spirit of the whole team throughout the organization remains intact, and they will have numerous smaller organic projects that were completed in 2018 and will benefit in the coming years as well. During 2018, we also announced further growth from our Columbus Flat Roll division. In the last two years, Columbus has transformed its products offering through the addition of the paint line and the introduction of more complex grades of flat-rolled steel. The diversion of products to these diversified value-added outlets has reduced the volumes available through our existing galvanized steel customers. So to address the lack of sufficient galvanizing capacity, we announced the addition of a third galvanizing line at Columbus. The $140 million investment is another step of further value-add diversification for the Columbus mills and less hot-rolled coil exposure. The 400,000 ton line is planned to begin operation mid-year to 2020. Additionally, during the next 18 months, we plan to invest about $90 million at Columbus to further increase the range of complex grade capabilities, including advanced high-strength steels to both the automotive and energy sectors. In aggregate, these upgrades will reduce the availability of about 400,000 tons from FDI Columbus of non-coated flat roll steel into the Southern U.S. by the year 2021. This will coincide with the timeframe that we plan to begin operating our plan of new flat roll steel mill in the Southwest. We're continuing to be increasingly excited by the expansive opportunities and long-term value creation of Southwest U.S. and Mexico growth strategy will provide Steel Dynamics. Each of our operating platforms have an existing presence in the region today, but we're on the move and planning to meaningfully expand our influence in the region. The plant construction of our new flat roll steel mill in the Southwest is a significant piece of that plan. The facility is designed to have an annual production capability of 3 million tons, and will include a 450,000 ton galvanizing line and 250,000 ton paint line with Galvalume capability. We estimate the investment to be approximately $1.8 billion. The new mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc-furnace flat roll steel reducers, and competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. Having a thicker our cast section and a more conventional two-stage hot rolling pressers. The mill capability will provide higher frac, tougher materials to the energy and automotive markets. The mill will be capable of 84-inch wide, 1-inch thick, 100 ksi hot rolled coil. Downstream value-added capabilities will include galvanizing and pre-paint. And to be clear, we're not just adding production capacity, we will have the differentiated product portfolio, we'll have a significant geographic freight and lead time advantage and we have targeted models. The new mill will have in fact three targeted regional markets, representing over 27 million to 28 million tons of relevant flat-rolled steel consumption. And we believe this demand will continue to increase in the coming years. Those regions include approximately 8 million tons from the -state region of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas, which has limited domestic regional supply and relies heavily on imports; approximately 4 million tons from the underserved West Coast region, which also relies heavily on imports; and finally, about 16 million tons from the growing Northern and Mid-Central Mexican region. Based on their growing manufacturing base, we believe Mexican demand growth will continue to outpace supply, making this an even more attractive underserved market in the coming years. A significant competitive advantage lies in the intended location of the facility, central to these targeted market regions. Were still likely to be pursuing sites in both Texas and Louisiana. The mill will provide a significant freight cost savings and delivery time advantage to many customers in the U.S. and Mexican region. This will provide a competitive supply chain, but have the new mills to effectively compete with imports slowing into Houston and the West Coast that inherently have long lead times and speculative price risk. Customers are excited and have already expressed interest in possibly locating facilities on or near our site. From a raw materials perspective, our metals recycling operation already controls a significant and growing scrap volume in Mexico due to our scrap management relationships, much of which is prime scrap. We also plan to cost effectively source pig iron through the port systems. Based on current scrap relationships, both in Mexico and the Southern U.S., we are confident in the ability to procure high quality scrap in the region. We've been developing the flat roll steel strategy for this region and Mexico for several years. We've been developing both customer and scrap relationships, and were confident in the long-term strategic value and investment profile this project provides. We believe our unique and operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience and successfully constructing and operating costs effective and highly profitable steel mills positions us well to execute this greenfield opportunity. Were also optimistic about our existing market opportunities for 2019. We believe North American steel consumption will continue to see a steady increase. Furthermore, the actions taken by the U.S. federal government has developed a healthy domestic steel environment and should provide sustainable long-term support for the U.S. manufacturing base. These actions will continue to erode import volume, while increasing effective import price. We anticipate reciprocal 232 tariffs between the U.S., Canada and Mexico will be replaced by alternative effective quarter base programs among the USMCA countries prior to ratification of the agreement later this year. Specific to Steel Dynamics, our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, clearly demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification and low cost operating platforms, support our ability to maintain our best-in-class performance and differentiation. The company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. Our exception team provides the foundation for our success. And I thank each and every one of you for your passion and commitment to excellence and remind you, safety is always the first priority. We are committed to providing exemplary long-term value to our fellow colleagues, to our communities, to our customers and to our shareholders, and look forward to creating new opportunities for you all in the future. So again, thank you for your time. And we would like to open the call up for questions now.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Martin Englert with Jefferies.
Martin Englert: Your commentary on demand remains generally positive, expecting continued growth in North America this year. Can you discuss how much of that growth is coming from the core end market versus maybe Steel Dynamics taking market share from either imports or competitors? And then any other additional detail you can provide on potential growth ranges anticipated for steel consumption here?
Mark Millett: So obviously demand I think has been a big question relatively for all. I think one have to reflect back a little bit and understand why the fourth quarter was a little soft. It was a tough quarter from an economic standpoint; you had a 35 day government shutdown, you had an inclement weather, you've customers' sentiment -- people sentiment generally was a little a down. You have lingering recessionary concerns overhanging the fourth quarter. You have trade war, rhetoric and softening raw material price expectations. So I don't think it was surprising at all honestly, but you saw all the softness there. That softness inflected in February and our order input rates picked up dramatically, pricing picked back up. And today our lead times are very, very healthy for hot rolled coil that through the end of May, which is exactly where we'd like to see them. And we're actually a little long to be honest in coated and pre-paint we're anywhere higher than six to eight. So we see at least from our order books a very positive environment. I think order backlog remain strong. I think energy has been very good to us. And I think to the industry in general. And as we meet with our energy, pipe and tube customers, they seem to be very bullish going forward. The gas oil transportation infrastructure needs to continue to be built at, particularly with the very large LNG projects that are happening along the coast in the Southwest. So we see energy being very, very, very strong for next several years. Manufacturing base is healthy and we see construction remaining healthy. As I said earlier, [indiscernible] into non-risk construction through New Millennium Building Systems is very positive, and our order backlogs are higher this time this year than they were last time. So I think generally, a very positive environment for the rest of the year.
A - Theresa Wagler: So Martin, specifically as it relates to whether its market share or fundamental core sector growth, we expect to see in consumption domestically probably about 2% growth year-over-year based on our own projections. But then there is some of that specific to Steel Dynamics where we have continued to take market share, specifically in automotive and some of the energy markets as well. So it's a combination of both.
Martin Englert: And if I could one quick follow up, volumes on SBQ do appear down here year-on-year. Can you discuss what you're seeing with demand there and the end users, and why volumes were lower? 
Mark Millett: Well, I guess we permit a little bit of skittishness in the SBQ market. I think suppliers are getting some pushback on current pricing. Most mills are on pull at this point. People are looking for volume discounts, but we think some of its in inventory corrections. Most are still optimistic regarding the second half of '19. I'd say thats what's driving that. I've spent a couple days at the North American Steel Alliance, which is a gathering of a lot of the -- the family along the smaller processing steel distributors. And I'd say to a customer and they were all very focused only on the market outlook. They are a little cautious with inventories and so they are not speculating in any way shape or form, but it's a positive environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse.
Curt Woodworth: First question is just on the profitability of the steel op segment this quarter. If you look at the ASP increase relative to scrap increase your metal spread was up about $53 a ton year-on-year year, but EBITDA per ton only $9. So I'm just curious what were some of the other moving pieces around cost inflation, electrodes and things like that you could identify?
Theresa Wagler: So Curt, when you're looking year-over-year, the biggest change that you're seeing is the electrode costs. Our electrodes didn't start increasing cost until the second half of 2018, because we had different inventories that were layered in. And so it's almost $20 million quarter-over-quarter increase in just electrodes alone. But if you were to do that same comparison on the sequential fourth quarter, it's basically flat. So you're seeing the highest -- higher input costs and thats basically the change in year-over-year.
Curt Woodworth: And then follow up just on the new 3 million ton mill. Mark, how do you think about the cadence of layering production, I mean 3 million tons is almost a 50% increase to your current footprint on a productive capacity basis for sheet, so clearly pretty transformative. Is your strategic imperative is that you'd want to try to quickly gain that market share and maybe be more disruptive, or what's the strategic philosophy in terms of how quickly you could ramp to 3 million tons? And would you like to stagger it as well?
Mark Millett: Well, we have no intention of staggering it. And I think the market will be very, very receptive and at least from all countries to-date, they're incredibly receptive. I think one has to recognize that in Southwest region, right now, there's a vacuum of domestic supply. This mill is going to have some minimum of $30 plus trade advantage over any domestic mill, plus its right in the heart of the import to reduce them. So we have trade advantage there and probably even more importantly, a lead time advantage. When folks are bringing imports and they have got a two, three, four month lead time and price speculation, I think we're going to gain massive volume or market share of that import downstream. And it's going to allow the pipe producers, steel producers in that region in Louisiana, as well as Texas compared to the scope that they haven't been able to procure at this point. And that will allow a massive amount of pipe and tube imports as well. So I think you've got to consider -- again, this should avoid the supply today, and I think this mill is going to supply, it's going supply the four-state region. As I said earlier, it's 7 million, 8 million, 9 million tons onto itself. It's a very competitive freight rates to the West Coast about 3 million to 4 million ton market, and they are suffering on the supply side dramatically today. Plus, we're within $30 million freight of the Northern Mexican markets run rate, in particular and that's a growing region. It's 15 million tons, 16 million tons today and that's predicted to be 20 million plus over the next three to four years. So I have no doubt of the ability of that mill to penetrate the market and pick up market share very, very quickly.
Theresa Wagler: In addition, Curt, I don't think you can emphasize enough the fact what Mark said early is that we've got considerable number of customers that actually want to move on campus. And so, that's going to help to ramp up that facility as well.
Mark Millett: And also if you look at or if you reflect on any market that we've entered in the past, most of those markets actually have been over-served in any event. And our strategy has always been to differentiate ourselves, to create value from the supply chain, which obviously creates value to the end user and to the customer. And this mill is very, very different from many other electric-arc-furnace facilities to today. You can understand as electric-arc-furnace mini mill with hot rolled mill. So the two-state rolling, which will allow us to do thermal mechanical rolling, adds strength, capability, adds toughness. So our mill offerings 84 wide up to 1 inch, 100 ksi material is very, very differentiated and can only be really accessed by the integrated mills today and there at least probably have $50 to $60.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Korn: So I appreciate the new detail on CapEx from the new mill. Question is, given the number of new furnaces announced in or near construction. Is there any constraint on available engineering talent? I imagine that the population anybody really experienced in leading in the area of build out is fairly small and well bid. And then you also mentioned timeliness in your approvals. What is the timeline on permitting, what should we be watching for? Is that a second quarter, second half? Where's the calendar there?
Mark Millett: Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: This is Glenn Pushis. We're going to project that pretty much full time now. We've got our environmental permit in place of Texas application, we're being told it about a one year process for that. And we're really not finding anything -- to your question on engineering talent, we're really not finding any real challenges there. It seems to be that there's lot of people thats in available engineering time and are ready to jump on the project that pretty quickly here.
Mark Millett: And to answer that again, its the best way I model. I was in the conference room, watching the folks leading what we call the war room that in our basement. And therere probably a dozen individuals just walking out at the end of the day. And it's just amazing the amount of knowledge and talent and experience we have within our organizations and designing, procuring and building constructing, signing up large capital assets. And so at the middle of the day the team is going to perform annual review as well. The equipment itself has been spec out and Glenn and team, I think expects to have that all placed in the next two weeks.
Matthew Korn: Let me ask in on the scrap market. Week-after-week, we see domestic steel production up year-over-year, utilization rates are higher. Naturally, that would mean the drawn scrap should be higher. Yet, global steel production keeps growing, global iron ore prices are substantially higher, which all of constant should be a tailwind for scrap prices. So why have scrap prices remained so moderate? And does it come down to we should especially expect finished steel prices to lead scrap moving forward and not the other way around as has been in the past? I'd love your opinion on that.
Russell Rinn: This is, Russ. I think the biggest difference in the U.S. market today is the export market. Again, you've got a tepid export market, which means the scrap is staying on the coast and it's more accessible. Therefore, it's a little bit higher to buy than what we've seen probably in the past decade or so. Obviously, that could change the heartbeat and you can certainly look at the fact that iron ore has traded at $9 range, per ton range and use the standards 4.5 times, it shouldn't be higher in price. But when there is excess scrap we're paying around, it's all facing a smaller market because they lack exports.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Terry: I just had a question on the overall market dynamics I just wanted to flush out a little bit. In terms of your comments that there was an inflection point around the middle of February, we started to see pricing move up on the back of that. And then I guess linked to the question before on the scrap environment, we're seeing that easing the last couple of months. How youre seeing activity at the moment and the pricing environment? It seems like things have eased a little bit, but youre still very positive on the demand story. So just want to think about spreads in the next couple of quarters and overall pricing dynamics for the end products and also scrap? Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well, I think as Russ said, we look for the stable scrap pricing, going forward, the rest of the year and maybe soften a little bit this coming month. But again, 10, 20 is not massive move so stability on the [indiscernible] side. On the pricing side, yes, if the inflected went up and it's eased a little. But if you look at the arbitrage to foreign pricing today, it's pretty well evaporated, imports are still under control on an annual basis it'll be under control and probably will continue to erode through the year. So, I think the market pricing presenting is going to be relatively stable. So spreads will remain healthy.
Matthew Korn: And then just following up on your comments a bit earlier around the Section 232 quotas versus tariffs. Can you just talk a little bit more about that and the timing you expect on that from Steel Dynamics' point of view?
Mark Millett: Well, I think we would say absolutely totally speculative but I dont think. And our intelligence would suggest that the progress is being made in China and the progress is certainly being made in the USMCA. That would likely change to a quota based agreement. Those quotas based on certain level of historic import levels with the tariff for any exceeding through the overlap, and I think that will be a positive outcome for all three countries. On the trade move that we actually are seeing some pretty positive outcome, it's three of one I guess prefabricated imports. That action is underway, hasn't been concluded yet but we're already seeing some of the larger projects that will bid out and destine to the Chinese steel, prefabricated Chinese steel coming into country. Those are now being rebid and I think that's a very, very positive sign for our non-products metals market in general.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Wedbush.
Brett Levy: Hey, guys, it's the recipe questions. You guys are adding 3 million tons, you're adding galvanizing, you're adding the width. You're getting potentially from Cliffs and other people, iron ore feed be very pure. Have you guys gone and I'm guessing you have and just asked to see if you can make the recipe, or maybe the hood of a Chevy or a Dodge, in terms of rolling pattern alloys, galvanizing all of the pieces of the puzzle, because it just doesn't seem right. You just build it and expect them to come. I would think that you probably have done some work on this and can you give any clarity on that?
Mark Millett: Well, first and foremost, we're certainly not a builder of dreams. As I said many times before, we don't manage the hope. We do things that control our own destiny. I think the teams -- obviously, in Butler, they've been supplying roughly 30% of their output to the automotive growth for years -- years and years. And the Columbus team has built a phenomenal following already, particularly with the higher strengths of advanced peoples, and are attaining incredible acceptance, particularly with the European automotive producers, BMW, VW, for instance. And this the new mill just adds to that. As we said, the two-stage rolling, the thicker cast slab will allow us to get the best steels for automotive and much stronger steel. And will allow us to get the tougher, thicker steels for the energy markets, API grade. So I think the opportunity for the market is definitely in front of us. We just have to get the thing up and running by 2021.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America.
Timna Tanners: I don't want to beat the topic up too much here on the near-term market conditions. And I know we talked a little bit about your demand outlook, but one thing I wanted to ask you about is. Why do you think domestic prices have narrowed so much the gap between imports, like a lot of on the flat rolled side hot rolled in particular prices have been below landed import level so well? Do you see like a lot of extra steel competing? Is this a short-term thing? What's your sense of why prices for domestic mills are below important landed levels?
Mark Millett: Well, there remains a slight hesitancy. As I said, the customer base is fairly optimistic for business conditions and demand for the rest of the year. That being said, they're cautious on inventory. So they're buying steady as she goes and again with the addition of little bit more capacity, maybe stressed supply-demand a little bit. But from all we can see, Timna, the market through our own order book and that remain strong. As I said, we're right through the end of May with all that and we're too long in my own opinion on the [indiscernible] and prepaying.
Timna Tanners: And then -- our channel taxes just that there's too much supply. So that's what I was trying to get at is, there seems to be this fight for market share is what we're hearing. And I was just wondering if you're getting that sense from the field as well, but I can make leave it there. And then just on the new mill, I don't understand the Mexico commentary. I just want to understand a little bit better. If I look at the Mexican net imports plus production, I come up with about a 30 million ton market. And between the two new rolling mills Ternium and ArcelorMittal that are coming on next few years, it's what 5-plus million new tons. And then your mill is also talking about targeting these tons. And I know you said demand is growing. But how are you looking at that equation? Can you talk us through a little bit more of that detail please?
Mark Millett: Well, again, the market is still short for sure. Yes, Ternium is going to add a little bit capacity we think, you dont know until it's actually on board. Arcelor is adding hot rolled coil capacity. So, there's a vision now and that is way down in the Southwest. So they've got a massive freight to get it up to the lower end. And I think you also need to understand there're product capabilities efficiencies within Mexico that our mill is going to do serve. Miquel, you've got some thoughts?
Miquel Alvarez: Yes, I mean, I just listened that you mainly spend your last comment on the product capabilities that we're going to have for the mill compared to what it's offering in Mexico. We've been talking to a lot of consumers in Mexico. We have confirmed that the broad capabilities that we're going to have on the mill are going to make a difference in the market. So the capacity that is being added in Mexico, its capacity that in fact you may want to continue to compete with some of the domestic mills there where we're going to offer [indiscernible] probably inflation some of the tonnage that is being importing from other countries. So we feel very confident about quickly gaining market share there. We just got capabilities that we're going to have.
Timna Tanners: So those capabilities would be not just the galvanize I'm assuming, because there is three galv lines coming on in Mexico as well. So, you're talking about capabilities aside from finishing, so maybe like the wider gauges or maybe the thickness. Is that what you're talking about?
Mark Millett: There's a combination of width, gauge and strengths.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Piyush Sood with Morgan Stanley.
Piyush Sood: Couple of questions, first one on the fabrication business. You would have picked up higher price orders throughout last year. So wondering whether you've seen all those higher price orders come through the results already? Or is there more to go through the year?
Theresa Wagler: From a fabrication perspective for the backlog, actually we've increased prices pretty effectively in the first quarter of this year and we would expect to see that continue honestly through the year. And that in combination with the lower steel pricing that is now in the inventory for the fabrication business should result in higher spreads than you would have seen in 2018.
Piyush Sood: And going back to spreads, I just want to understand that the spread between hot roll and cold roll has widened closer to about $150. So, is the market much more tighter on cold than on cold and coated versus hot roll? Also, how sustainable do you think that difference in the tightness is?
Mark Millett: Well, certainly on the coated side, galvanize side and pre-paint side things are very, very healthy. We actually have not necessarily been a major player in coated sheet. Although, that's a marketplace we'll be venturing through the Heartland acquisition. But I think on the coated pre-paint spreads those will be maintained.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Fields with Bank of America.
Matthew Fields: Thanks for the detail on the CapEx schedule for the new mill. Is it your intention at this point to fund the construction spending through free cash flow generation and not any additional debt incurring?
Theresa Wagler: Right now, Matt, our current intention is to watch the capital markets throughout the year. And you see our capital structure today and you will see that we have some notes that are actually stepping down on pricing. So, I think we're just going to continue to monitor the market. We definitely believe we could do that but that might limit some options as we do other things. So I think it's something that we're going to wait and see what happens in the capital markets this year.
Matthew Fields: And then as you enter this period of elevated CapEx spending over the next few years, against the backdrop that some of the other analysts have mentioned with all this new supply coming on from other producers. Is there leverage level that you would like to maintain as you're spending all this cash building this mill?
Theresa Wagler: Well, certainly obviously, yes. Today, obviously, Matt, leverage levels are quite attractive. I think our net leverage is less than 1 times at the end of the quarter. But during this cycle, we've consistently said and we really like to maintain that through cycle net leverage somewhere between 2 and 3 times. And so with that, we believe that well be able to effectively do that even with the elevated levels of CapEx spending, because I think one need to keep in mind that we have all these earnings catalysts that are also coming online this year. For example, the rebar project the Structural Rail Division, we just started shipping rebar in the first quarter of this year. So by the third quarter of this year, we expect to be up to about 90% to 95% capacity, and thats quite a bit of additional volume. And that's why I may have mentioned the fact that our shipping capability today is over 13 million tons. So I think one needs to keep in mind that there's earnings catalysts that will be kicking in along with that additional spending over the next two to three years.
Matthew Fields: And then last question for me. How do you balance the $2 billion you intend to spend on the mill, some acquisitions you're making along the way, share repurchases and dividends with the goal to get investment grade?
Theresa Wagler: Well, right now, I think we have the ability to have what we'd like to call balanced approach to the capital allocation, which you've seen us doing. If we are going to see a larger acquisition or transaction, youll probably likely see us go back a little bit on the share repurchases in advance of that or in combination with that, because that's a lever that we can use quite effectively. Otherwise, I think you should expect to continue to see a positive dividend profile from us what you've seen over the last long period of time actually along with the additional capital that we've been spending with expectations for that continued cash flow generation. So I think you're going to continue to see us do what we've been doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Olin with Longbow.
Chris Olin: I get the whole underlying thesis that import quotas have a better long-term impact on the U.S. steel industry. I guess my question is when you start thinking about the new NAFTA agreement, or I guess I should say the USMCA. Once we see a shift from tariffs to quotas. Is there going to be potentially a destabilizing effect as the market need to reset and could that explain some of the slowdown in orders heading into a final decision?
Mark Millett: I don't believe so. I think the final USMCA agreement will be based on past levels of trades. As such, therell be some stability there more than anything else.
Chris Olin: So the market will naturally be set the lower import prices, especially when you look at some of these long products being under priced before the tariffs. So I don't need to adjust for that at all?
Mark Millett: I dont think so.
Operator: And our next question comes from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, in terms of the United Steel Supply deal. Is that something we should expect you all to do moving forward in terms of making more of these downstream acquisitions similar to what Mittal does in Europe? Or was this more of a one-time special situation?
Mark Millett: Phil, I don't look at U.S. Steel Supply as being the European model of steel mills entering the steel distribution processing space. I think this is very unique to our supply chain for prefect. You might see us continue to expand in that very unique specific area, but it's not my intent to become a steel processor or distributor in any way shape or form.
Phil Gibbs: And is this business going to get talked in the steel or fabrication?
Theresa Wagler: Actually, it's already been reported through steel field, and you'd have -- their shipments would have been reported in the coated shipments that I gave you earlier on the call.
Phil Gibbs: And then I just have a one follow-up. Typically in the release, you give changes in profit per part of the steel business, whether that's flat rolled or long products I think that's the way you discussed it in the past. Any color you can give us on directional -- although directional change I think we know. But in terms of the magnitude of the change in each of those divisions would the helpful?
Theresa Wagler: So typically, it's part of the message we try to give sometimes the difference between flat rolled products. I would just say that flat rolled profitability was down, probably somewhere between 20% and 25% versus long products profitability being down maybe around 10%.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Tumazos with Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos: Mark, I'm going to ask a deliberately dumb question that I think all of us are probably confused by. There's potentially at most 10 million tons of new electric furnace SMS tin slat hot stripped mill capacity. If both you and Big River build the new plants in the Texas Gulf Coast vicinity and Big River Doubles and Arkansas, Nucor Doubles Gallantin, maybe delta expanding as a slightly different than SMS design. So, on the surface it might appear to some people in the investment community that they're all identical designs. And I'm might worry that an SMS coil sells at $25 or $50 discount, because they're all the same and/or so middle has different designs, different marketing practices and might not for example be impacted as much. Now, we know that you sell a lot of painted still. Nucor is putting in a six high cold mill into Hickman with four work rolls. Probably everybody's doing their best to buy clean metallics. How will your design be different so that everybody isn't selling the same SMS coil?
Mark Millett: I guess you've asked a very fair question. No, I don't think it's a dumb. I may give the answer. I think I can't see for any future mills installed by any other future entrants. But as of the projects today, ours will be a very, very I think differentiated project in the honesty. Again, the cap section with combination is going to be unique. No one is going to able to make 84 wide, 1-inch 100 ksi product, that not when we able to make a 13 to 50 -- 50 ton coil
Unidentified Company Representative: 13, 50 to full width, 16, 50 to narrow width, so it's a very large flow
Mark Millett: So, the yield improvement of the large coil, John, to a pipe and tube is probably in the order of 5% to 6%. So again my comment earlier is anytime we've entered the market no matter what it is, whether its rail, whether it's pre-paint or whether it's rebar. We look for differentiating angles from a technology and supply chain value-add, and I think this provides it. In addition to that, the color considered the geographic location. Gallatin is in Kentucky. These other facilities still remain a long distance away from the market. They can't get to the West Coast for 55 bucks. They can't get to the market or the regional market that we're going to be able to supply anywhere close to the freight cost that we'll be able to avail ourselves. So again, I think this project is very, very FDI specific, it's unique. And people said we based this decision on trade, and absolutely not. This is a market based expansion for us and I think the investment profile is going to be an absolute going forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: Mark, I think it maybe me important to note that my understanding is that Glenn's team have now selected a mill supplier, and that we're not buying a model number off the shelve that we have specified a mill that probably no one built before and all the suppliers are looking for a solution to fit your expectations there.
Mark Millett: This is a very good point. You just embraced SMS being the mill of provider of choice for everyone, that's not necessarily the case.
John Tumazos: So you might go with a different design and a different equipment supplier in your new mill?
Mark Millett: Glenn and the team are evaluating two -- well, depending on the equipment but the hot-stripped mill cast are -- hot side two basic vendors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank.
Sean Wondrack: I just have a follow-up on one of your earlier comment. So, you've stated you expect through-cycle net leverage in a 2 to 3 times range, and I think your net leverage is somewhere closer to 0.7 turns right now. Even if you were to lump on $2 million project, you're still going to be below 2 turns. So when you talk about 2 to 3 turns, is that somewhere you expect to be? Or do you think that's more of a ceiling to where your leverage would go? And is it better to think about distributable cash flow from your eyes in terms of the leverage you could pull back on or accelerate?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so 2 to 3 times is again in the ceiling area. It wouldn't be somewhere where we would be sustained on a through-recycle basis, so that's a correct statement.
Sean Wondrack: So it's more of a ceiling, you're obviously embarking on these projects, leverage may move up a bit but you wouldn't expect it to go anywhere higher than 2 to 3 times. Is that what you're saying?
Theresa Wagler: That's correct. But remember that when I was answering that question, that wasn't just about organic projects that also include any potential transactions from time-to-time that may arise.
Sean Wondrack: And I'm just looking at this again where enterprise multiples are trading somewhere in the 4 to 5 turns range for a lot of companies. It seems like 3 turns would be a lot of leverage on the business given that backdrop, because that makes a lot more sense. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos: Mark, today, there are certain I guess generally accepted practices and financial analysis like EBITDA ratios. A defect in EBITDA ratios are the selling price changes or the metal margin changes. It doesn't change -- it does change, it could be -- EBITDA can be illusory at the top of the economy, for example. When I was a little boy 40 years ago beginning to do financial analysis, debt divided by debt plus equity was calculated. A conservative way to look at equity is to exclude goodwill for tangible network. Steel Dynamics isn't as strong a credit using the ancient debt-to-debt plus equity tangible equity ratios. And I just want to remind you and I might sound like the smart-arse, the guy that popularized EBITDA ratio, Mike Milken, went to jail even though it's generally accepted today. Do you worry that your balance sheet is too levered just in case there's a bump in the road and the world economy changes?
Mark Millett: Well, I am not worried at all. I think our business model, again, is differentiated in good times, bad times, quarter-to-quarter. It's demonstrated the ability to generate cash, a superior rate than our peers. I agree and I'm -- I don't what the relative ages are. I turned 60, so I've been in the industry for the 35 or whatever too many years. And I remember people would be focused on net earnings, not necessarily so much EBITDA. We still look at that, things, projects and have to make money, not just cash per se. And all I can tell you, John is reflect on our past performance. I think it's demonstrated through-cycle superiority and we intend to maintain that.
Theresa Wagler: And then, John, I would just add if you look at the total debt level just over $2 billion and then you take into consideration the capital structure, which is perfectly laddered out where there is not anyone more material maturity in one year and that current maturities actually dont even have a meaningful maturity even at three to four years. And thats purposeful and thats we maintain what we believe to be a very conservative balance sheet, but appropriate for a growth company.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Mark Millett: So, thank you. And for those still on the call, Id like to thank you for your time today. And those that supports us, thank you for your support. To our employees, again, our priority is safety, safety, safety. Please be safe in anything that you do and thank you for all you do for our company. And also, thank you to loyal customers for your support as well. Without you, we wouldn't be who we are. So thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised, this call is being recorded today, January 22, 2019, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the Companys website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Companys operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of todays statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued this morning entitled Steel Dynamics reports fourth quarter and record annual 2018 results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning and happy 2019. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call, and we certainly appreciate and value your time with us this morning. Hopefully, you see the Steel Dynamics team delivered another tremendous performance in 2018. Our strategic growth and market positioning during the last five years was integral to our current performance. Thank you to the entire SDI team for your passion and dedication to excellence in everything that you do. And congratulations to becoming a member of the Fortune Most Admired Company, you moved up to first in the metal sector, and that is an admirable place to be. So thank you for that. And thank you to our loyal customers, vendors and shareholders. On many measures, 2018 was a record year; record operating metrics, record profitability and record cash generation, to name just a few. We have many exciting plans for the coming years as well, but before I explain more, I ask Theresa to provide insights regarding our recent performance.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I add my congratulations and sincere appreciation to the entire SDI team. It was an outstanding year and numerous milestones were achieved. Record revenues of $11.8 billion derived from higher realized pricing across all three of our operating platforms and record steel and fabrication volume. Record earnings, including operating income of $1.7 billion and net income of $1.3 billion. Record cash generation, including cash from operations of $1.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 billion. In recognition and appreciation for this tremendous performance, we have awarded a well-deserved $1,500 cash performance bonus to all non-executive, eligible colleagues in December totaling $12 million. Our fourth quarter 2018 net income was $270 million or $1.17 per diluted share, which includes three items; the additional company-wide performance incentive of $0.04, lower earnings related to our planned outage at Iron Dynamics of $0.04 and lower estimated earnings associated with the planned outages at our Butler and Columbus Flat Roll Steel divisions at $0.06 per diluted share or $20 million. The outages also reduced fourth quarter volumes by about 70,000 to 80,000 tons of flat-rolled steel. Excluding these items, fourth quarter 2018 adjusted net income was $0.31 per diluted share, above our adjusted guidance. Fourth quarter 2018 revenues were $2.9 billion, meaningfully higher than fourth quarter 2017 sales but slightly lower than our record high achieved in the third quarter sequential results. Our fourth quarter operating income was $366 million, more than 85% higher than fourth quarter earnings but 30% lower than record third quarter sequential results, driven by lower flat-rolled realized sell-in value. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is generally more difficult to translate as weather, seasonality and customer inventory realignment tend to distort true underlying demand dynamics for the coming months. 2018 was not  was no different, but of note, our performance in the fourth quarter far outpaced that of 2017 and our best fourth quarter operating performance. As we discuss our businesses this morning, youll find we are optimistic about 2019 from a macro perspective and even more so because of our unique earnings catalyst. Regarding our steel results for the fourth quarter, shipments decreased 6% across the platform to 2.6 million tons as compared to record high sequential results. Steel metal spreads compressed as our average quarterly realized sales price decreased $48 per ton in the fourth quarter and average scrap costs consumed only decreased $9 per ton. The sales price decline was driven by lower flat-rolled steel pricing. In general, most of our long product steel prices actually increased in the fourth quarter. The result was fourth quarter steel operating income of $402 million. Although lower than third quarter record results, the strong performance is our third best. For the full year 2018, steel operations achieved numerous milestones resulting in record shipments of 10.6 million tons and record operating income of $1.9 billion. Annual metal spread improved as our average sales prices increased significantly across the platform and scrap costs increased to a much lesser degree. While the teams achieved record volumes, we still have more capability in light of our acquisition of Heartland and the numerous production enhancements we made during the year, including cost-effectively accessing the excess melting capacity at our Roanoke constructional steel division. For our metals recycling platform, fourth quarter operating income was $17 million, aligned with third quarter results. Improved average quarterly mill spreads were offset by seasonally lower shipments. Supported by improved domestic steel mill utilization, the metals recycling team increased annual 2018 shipments and earnings and continued to improve operating costs. This resulted in improved annual operating income of $88 million. We continue to effectively lever the strength of our vertically connected operating model, which benefits from the steel mills and the scrap operations. Two-thirds of their ferrous scrap was fed internally to our own steel mills, increasing their scrap quality, melt efficiency and reducing company-wide working capital requirement. Fourth quarter 2018 operating income for our fabrication business improved sequentially to $15 million. Earnings increased as improved product pricing more than offset the diminishing rise in average steel input costs and seasonally lower shipments. Order activity was strong throughout 2018, and the team achieved record annual joist and deck shipments of 642,000 tons. However, in a rising steel input cost environment, annual operating income was $62 million versus the $87 million achieved in the prior year. We continue to see strong order and strong customer optimism. Were beginning 2019 with an even greater project backlog than this time last year, which is a positive indicator for nonresidential construction. During the fourth quarter of 2018, we generated a strong $491 million of cash flow from operations, and for the full year, a record $1.4 billion with free cash flow after fixed asset investment of $1.2 billion. Operational working capital grew $284 million during the year based on market improved conditions. Full year capital investments totaled $239 million with almost $190 million used within our steel platforms, including completing the reinforcing bar expansion. We currently estimate 2019 fixed asset capital investments to be in the range of $350 million. However, this does not include any expenditures for the new mill, which Ill talk about in a minute. Of that $350 million, therell be about $100 million related to the completion of Columbus third galvanizing line, $100 million broader expansionary and efficiency growth projects and about $150 million related to sustaining capital, including that related to safety and environmental. Regarding shareholder distributions in 2018, we increased our cash dividend in the first quarter by 21% and maintained that throughout the year. We also repurchased 13.1 million shares of our common stock for $524 million, representing 5.5% of our outstanding shares. About $400 million remains authorized at the end of the year for repurchase. Our liquidity increased to over $2.2 billion at December 31, representing nearly $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.2 billion of available funding into our revolving credit facility. Before I hand the call back to Mark, I will share some additional insights regarding the anticipated cash investment time line for our recently announced new Southwestern U.S. flat-rolled steel mill, which is a key part of our growth strategy. The total investment is still expected to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion, subject to revisions as we make final site selection, obtain required permitting and finalize the project time line. Based on what we know at this point and assuming timely receipt of required environmental and operating permits, we would expect to begin actual facility construction in 2020, followed by starting operations in the second half of 2021. Based on this time line, we estimate the approximate capital investments to be as follows; in 2019, between $200 million and $300 million; in 2020, between $800 million and $900 million, with the remainder being spent in 2021. Well continue to refine these estimates as we make our final site selection and secure state and local incentive. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation, coupled with a strong capital foundation, provides meaningful opportunity for growth and continued shareholder distribution through our positive dividend profile and share repurchase program. Were squarely positioned for continuation of sustainable, optimized, long-term value creation. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. While safety is and always will be our number one priority, 2018 safety performance did not meet the record incident rate performance we achieved in 2017, somewhat disappointing. But the team has refocused and done a good job reversing the uptick in recordable incidents we experienced in the first half of the year. Im also encouraged by our continued improvement in our lost time accident rate, which is the best weve ever achieved. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. While safety performance remains significantly better than industry averages and the fact that they think about safety at all times, but then is a subconscious. I challenge all of us to be focused and to keep moving toward our goal of zero injuries. To that end, I want to recognize the steel fabrication platform. They not only had record annual production in 2018, but they did it safely, achieving a record 2018 safety performance. The team also did a good job maneuvering within a rising steel input cost environment present through a large part of the year. Our fabrication order backlog remains very, very strong with continued optimism from our customers. This bodes well for non-residential construction demand in 2019. The fabrication platform also supported our steel mills and pushed 370,000 tons of steel internally in 2018. This is a meaningful level to achieve, sustainably high steel utilization through the cycle. In total, our business has sourced almost 985,000 tons of steel internally last year. Our metals recycling team also performed well and supported our steel operations, internally supplying over 3.3 million tons of ferrous material through the year. Annual ferrous scrap shipments and average pricing increased as domestic steel production improved during the year. Our non-ferrous commercial associates should be commended for navigating a complicated set of circumstances given Chinas ban on certain recycled material. Despite the issues, we increased non-ferrous shipments, improved earnings and generated new international supply connections. More recently, ferrous scrap accessibility has been steady and dealers have built their inventories. We anticipate supply will outpace demand even with higher steel-related demand through 2019. This is consistent with our long-term scrap view and supports healthy steel metal margins. As Theresa outlined, our steel platform had an outstanding year. The teams executed the highest level, levering a reverse market environment while innovatively optimizing our assets. Domestic steel demand was strong throughout the year. Steel consumption increased based on the strength of the automotive, construction and energy sectors. We also experienced a decline in total finished steel imports on both an absolute basis and as a percentage of consumption. We believe both U.S. and Mexican steel consumption will continue to improve in the coming years, with Mexican growth outpacing that of the U.S. based on meaningful increases in their manufacturing phase. We continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future through optimization of existing operations, organic investments and transactional growth. During 2018, we invested almost $190 million in our existing steel operations and acquired Heartland Steel, a 1 million ton flat-rolled processing facility. We completed a $38 million, 200,000 ton reinforcing bar expansion at our Roanoke Bar Division in the third quarter. Were the only independent supplier in the area. We also just recently completed a 240,000 ton, $82 million expansion of rebar at our Structural and Rail Division. This expansion includes cut-to-length and cold rebar capability. Our unique rebar supply chain model is expected to meaningfully enhance customer optionality and flexibility, providing significant logistics, yield and working capital benefits to our customers. In addition, well be the largest independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region, and we expect rebar shipments from the Structural and Rail Division to begin next month. Our acquisition of Heartland at the end of June was a great strategic addition, increasing our product diversification through value-added, wider and lighter gauge product capability. Its geographic proximity to our existing Midwest flat roll operations also allows for meaningful value creation. Integration is going well, but theres still work to be done. We plan to reach an annual run rate of about 80% to 90% of capacity by midyear 2019. Heartland provides a unique margin-enhancing opportunity for us. And these are just some of the numerous organic projects that were completed in 2018 that well benefit for the coming years. During 2018, we also announced further growth for our Columbus Flat Roll Division. In the last two years, Columbus has transformed its product portfolio through the addition of a paint line and the introduction of more complex grades of flat-rolled steel. The shift of product to these diversified, value-added outlet has reduced the amount of volume available to our existing galvanized steel customers. So to address this lack of sufficient galvanizing capacity, in June of 2018, we announced the addition of a third galvanizing line at Columbus. This $140 million investment is another step of further value-added diversification to the mill and less hot-rolled coil exposure. The 400,000 ton line is planned to begin operating midyear 2020. Additionally, during the next 18 months, we plan to invest about $90 million in Columbus to further increase Columbus range of complex grade capabilities, including advanced high-strength steels. Im also excited about the expansive opportunities and long-term value creation of our Southwest U.S. and Mexico growth strategy will provide Steel Dynamics. Each of our operating platforms have an existing presence in the region today, but were on the move and planning to meaningfully expand our influence in all platforms. The recently announced plant construction of our new flat roll steel mill in the Southwestern U.S. is a significant piece of the plant. The facility is designed to have an annual production capability of 3 million tons and include a 450,000 ton galvanizing line and a 250,000 ton paint line with Galvalume capability. We estimate the investment to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. The new mill will have capabilities beyond existing electric-arc-furnace flat roll steel reducers, competing even more effectively with the integrated steel model and foreign competition. Were not just adding production capacity, we have targeted markets and the new mill will have competitive advantages in those areas. We have targeted three regional markets representing over 27 million to 28 million tons of relevant flat roll steel consumption, and we believe that demand will increase in the coming years. These regions include approximately 8 million tons of demand from the four-state Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas area, which has limited domestic regional supply and relies heavily on imports; secondly, approximately 4 million tons from the underserved West Coast region, which relies heavily on imports as well; and approximately 16 million tons from the growing Northern and Mid-Central Mexican region. Based on their growing manufacturing base, we believe Mexican demand growth will continue to outpace supply, making this an even more attractive, underserved market in the future. A significant competitive advantage lies in the intended location of the facility central to these opportunities. The mill will provide a significant freight cost advantage and shorter lead times to many customers in the U.S. and Mexico regions. This will provide a competitive supply chain that will be an effective option to imports flowing into Houston and the West Coast. Our customers are incredibly excited and have already expressed interest in possibly locating facilities on or near our site. From a raw materials perspective, our Metals Recycling Operations already control scrap in Mexico due to our scrap management relationships, much of which is prime scrap. We also plan to cost-effectively source pig iron through the port systems. Based on our current scrap relationships both in Mexico and the Southern U.S., we are confident in the ability to procure high-quality scrap in the region. Developing our flat roll steel strategy for this region and Mexico has been in the making for several years. Weve been developing both customer and raw material supply relationships and are confident in the long-term strategic value and investment profile this project provides. We believe our unique operating culture, coupled with our considerable experience in successfully constructing and operating cost-effective and highly profitable steel mills, positions us well to execute this greenfield opportunity. Were also optimistic about our existing market opportunities for 2019. We believe North American steel consumption will continue to see a steady increase and grow through the year. Furthermore, the actions the U.S. federal government has made to develop a healthy domestic steel industry should provide sustainable, long-term support to the U.S. manufacturing base and continue to erode import volume. Specific to Steel Dynamics, our unique culture and the execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification and low-cost operating platforms, support our ability to maintain our best-in-class performance and differentiation. The company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. Our phenomenal team provides the foundation for our success. I thank each of you for your passion and your commitment to excellence and remind you safety is always our first priority. We are committed to providing exemplary long-term value to our team, our communities, customers and shareholders alike and look forward to creating new opportunities and additional value in the years ahead. So once again, thank you for your time today, and Karen, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Chris Terry from Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Chris Terry: Hi, Mark and team. Thanks for taking my question. Just in terms of the 3 million-ton facility youre going to build in the south, you mentioned the location strategically with customers. I was just wondering if you could talk through whether you have a baseload commitment, how the qualification period would work for customers and the sort of numbers of customers youre talking about, please. Thank you.
Mark Millett: I think, obviously, its a little too early to have a full baseload when the mill is scheduled for a mid-2021 -- summer 2021 startup. I will say, though, that with our Columbus facility, we have good knowledge within the Southwest area, I think 600,000 tons or so, perhaps a little bit more. We have 600,000 to 800,000 tons currently flows into the Southwest and about 120,000 tons flowed into Mexico last year. And we believe that the two mills will be complementary going forward. But nonetheless, we know the customer base is there, and we are very, very optimistic that the baseload will be debarked. We are looking at developing the site with kind of an industrial campus perspective, not unlike Butler. If you were to go to Butler today, we have right next door, I think, five, six, maybe seven facilities employing 1,500, 1,600 folks and consuming a good, I would say, 400,000, 500,000 tons a year, and our strategy will be to emulate that. And the initial customer excitement is, in all honesty, beyond expectation. I think you go -- and this may be simplistic, but if you just take the math and you put little red spots or blue spots or green spots on flat-rolled producing sites at the mills, you see an absolute void in the Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas region, a total void. That region is having to be served at a distance at a high freight number from domestic mills and obviously from imports. A large amount has been served by imports coming through to reduce them. The customer excitement, I think, is that theyve never had a regional presence there, so they havent been able to expand their own operations to an extent that they would like, and they see this as that opportunity.
Operator: Excellent, thank you. And our next question comes from Seth Rosenfeld from Jefferies Financial. Please state your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just to follow up on the southwest mill. Can you please give us a bit of an update on broader capital allocation strategy? Clearly, many investors somewhat surprised by that investment last year. Can you give us an update on how youre prioritizing organic versus inorganic growth moving forward and whether you think the company has firepower for additional growth initiatives that could be announced in the medium term? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning. This is Theresa. Yes, so from a capital allocation perspective, given the time frame over which these dollars are expected to be spent and given the cash that well be generating during that time frame, we firmly believe that we still have the ability to not only grow organically with this facility and with the other projects that weve announced thus far, including the Columbus galvanizing line, but we also have the capability to do some transactional  and to also continue with our shareholder distributions through both the positive dividend profile and the continuation of a share repurchase program. So we dont believe that this facility in and of itself curtails any of the other opportunities or options that we have from a capital allocation perspective.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Piyush Sood from Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. Piyush, are you on the line? Your line is live, please state your question.
Piyush Sood: Mark, Theresa, congratulation on the quarter. I saw your full year constructive guide. And when we compare back to what were reading and channel checks, seems like theres an ongoing buyers strike. So do you think we should build some level of conservatism in our 1Q outlook and then a shipment rebound in 2Q? Or do you think the buyers strike is a little hyped up right now?
Theresa Wagler: From a buyers strike perspective, I think the question is whether or not you think that well have the benefit of a stronger second quarter. Is that the question?
Piyush Sood: That, and in terms of shipments, should we expect something similar to what we saw last year? Or is there a skew thats maybe leaning towards 2Q or with the second half?
Mark Millett: Okay. I think youre right that there has been some buyer hesitancy. I believe it coincides with a raw material fixture that has been depressed in the last two or three months. As weve seen many, many times in the past, when theres an expectation of continued downward pressure on scrap pricing, the steel consumer expecting lower pricing tends to limit their buy to just what they need and dont necessary want to speculate on their own inventories. I would suggest, though, that were at the bottom. I do think, as weve seen and I stated many times before, theres a tendency for everyone to just jump out of the market, and then all of a sudden, everyone jumps back in the market, and were getting to that point. But I do believe underlying demand still remains very, very solid and will grow in 2019. Automotive is  momentum continues its pace. And I got to say, hats off to our Columbus mill because we continue to pick up market share in automotive. They shipped 400,000 tons into the automotive markets last year. If you remember, just a few years ago, that was almost zero. And the traction of the direct automotive team has been absolutely phenomenal. And we see that continuing to grow as were on  we got commitments on future platforms. So again, kudos to the direct auto team, to John Nolan, whos been leading that, and Dave and everyone. But for us, auto is a growing market share opportunity. Construction, we continue to see growth there. As you saw, Columbia City had record shipments in 2018. As a sort of barometer through New Millennium Building Systems, were seeing a very, very strong backlog there. Activity is  continues to be very, very strong and up, which I think bodes well for that industry. Were seeing projects get pushed a little bit back. Those projects are not getting canceled. Its just getting pushed back, I think, through lack of construction labor. And so that gives, I think, legs, continued legs for that part of the industry. Structural and Rail Division also, I think, benefiting from rail. Weve got about 30% market share there. We shipped almost, almost my target of 300,000 tons, so congratulations there. And I think that will continue to grow. The tariffs are having an impact on the West Coast. The Japanese, Asian rail is inhibited from coming in, and thats opening up greater markets for rail in the U.S. Another large market for us, obviously, energy. Energy has remained strong. A little hesitation here and there but having been with several of our very, very large energy customers over the last two to three weeks, they are incredibly bullish. The  with oil pricing where it is today, the energy companies can make money, will continue to drill, and with that, imports  I mean, exports are expected to increase. And today, theyre flaring off a massive amount of the gas, which needs to be collected and utilized and levered. So they feel that the collection and distribution pipeline is going to be a very, very strong market for the next two, three years for sure. Then more generally, manufacturing, the other goods, truck, trailer, all remain strong. So we see a very healthy market environment for 2019. And with that, we think that demand or the order rate will pick up here in the next week or two and things will reverse.
Theresa Wagler: Let me just add, so Mark gave a great market overview, but as it relates to Steel Dynamics specifically, in addition to that, one should remember that the first half of last year, we didnt have Heartland within our portfolio. We also really didnt have the projects that have allowed us to access the extra melting capacity of the Structural and Rail Division in Roanoke, which opens up several hundred thousand tons of additional opportunity for us in 2019.
Operator: Excellent. Thank you. And our next question comes from Timna Tanners from Bank of America. Please state your question.
Timna Tanners: Happy 2019 guys, Mark and Theresa.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Timna Tanners: Wanted to  I know you just went through the demand side. I want to ask you a little bit more about what youre seeing on the supply side, both right now but also once your new mill is starting up. So in light of the current environment, are you seeing fewer imports because we cant see that on the government website right now? And also, anything you can tell us about the new capacity from Mingo Junction getting absorbed? And then along the same lines, on the supply side, once you start up the new mill, do you envision taking in share from integrated since you mentioned some of the capabilities overlapping there? Do you envision replacing some of the existing Mexican capacity? If you can just discuss that a little further.
Mark Millett: Ill take the  which order should we go in? I think, generally, on the supply side, much of a supply-demand balance. On coated and  coated sheet, coated, pre-paint, we see very, very strong demand and supply tightness, I do believe. And so that order book is very, very good for us. Lead times are five to six weeks out in the most part. We are seeing a little softness, and youre seeing that in the pricing in the marketplace right now. Obviously, in hot-rolled coil, you do have imports of hot-rolled coil specifically jumped up. You also  as you said, you have JSW Mingo Junction trying to penetrate the marketplace, not with very many tons. Unfortunately, sometimes, it only takes a few tons to pressure a market environment. So we are seeing a little bit of the impact there. Granite City obviously coming back. Again, though, I think once the uncertainty of the environment and the  not the uncertainty but recognition that scrap pricing is probably going to be a level in the months ahead, people are going to jump back in and start buying. Relative to taking market share for the new mill, again  and there was  I got to say that I was a little disappointed with the muted reaction from some of the analyst community on our announcement maybe because we didnt describe it well enough, I dont know. But that is a phenomenal  in my mind, the industrial logic there, strategic logic is incredible and will create a lot of long-term value creation because the mill will be differentiated from a technology process perspective. Its going to broaden our portfolio of products. Were going to 84-inch mill. Its got the capability of, call it, 100 ksi at 1-inch thick, so its going to be brew to the mill. And you can consider it  I guess envision it as a kind of electric-arc-furnace mini-mill kind of hot end with an integrated style sort of cast through hot strip mill. The cast will be a thicker section, and the mill is going to allow us to improve on a thermal mechanical rolling perspective. And thats going to get us into the high-strength API grades that no electric-arc-furnace supplier can provide today, and its certainly sort of a remaining bastion of the integrated mills. So will we gain market share there? I would certainly hope so. And again, well be taking a large chunk of market share from imports. So that 3 million tons shouldnt be viewed as direct competition to American capability, theres 68% of energy goods, 68% or so of energy pipe and tube is in the Texas arena. About 40% of that is in Houston  some amount of tube is flowing into the Houston region. And unfortunately, given the trade expense to get domestic steel down there, the American pipe manufacturers have been at a disadvantage. With us in the region eliminating that trade disadvantage and as informally, given short lead times, theyll be able to order on a short-term basis. They wont have to wait for three weeks or four weeks for the stuff to come down the river or two or three months for inputs coming in. Those advantages will certainly allow us to take a large chunk of the import market thats flowing into Houston. And the sites that we have auctioned can get us to the West Coast on a very freight advantage basis, and that opens up about a 3.5 million to 4 million ton marketplace out there as well. So were absolutely incredibly excited by the opportunity, and in all honesty, as we talk to our customers each and every day, I just get more excited.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Gagliano from BMO Capital. Please state your question.
David Gagliano: Hi, good morning, Mark and Theresa. I have a related question to some of the comments you just made. Obviously, sounds like a phenomenal greenfield project in and of itself. I think part of the reason for the muted reaction is theres a decent amount of concern out there about the 2021, 2022 bigger picture supply-demand balance. And obviously, just like youre going to go after market share to the extent of imports, which obviously makes sense, but my question is in a bare case pricing scenario, what type of hot-rolled coil pricing environment would you consider pausing that mill, that expand  or that project? And at what point would you be too far into the project to put it on hold given the time line that you just touched on a minute ago? Thanks.
Mark Millett: We always look at the investments on a through-cycle basis. This is not a trade play, hoping that the trade environment is going to be positive forever. Its a market play. The mill is going to be able to deliver a differentiated product that certainly no EF producer will be able to produce at least today. That differentiated product going into the southwest market and into Mexico will, I think, allow that mill to have high utilization rate than the typical industry rate at any point of the cycle. So yes, were in a steel environment. Were in a steel industry. We cycle up and down, but we feel that the through-cycle return metrics, the cash generation capability of this mill gives it a very good return for our shareholders.
Theresa Wagler: But just as a reminder, and I think you all know this, but when we look at transactional opportunities, we look at through cycle not trying to guess where the cycle is at any point in time to make sure the cash sustainability is there. We also do that with our organic projects. So to Marks point, this facility has been tested on the perspective of capital allocation and investment premise and value creation through that. So it doesnt really matter that we may be in an environment in 2018 where we have peak spreads. We use through-cycle spreads. We will measure that profitability. And were not in a point in time yet we will talk about returns on this facility simply because were still doing a lot of work along the time lines and looking at whats the configuration will actually entail from a cost perspective. But when its time, absolutely, well happily to do that.
Mark Millett: And again, its just our belief. And we have always  when we see a supply chain advantage, whether it be our paint business or whether that be our long rail business, theres always room for a very, very cost-effective, efficient provider of new products. And so through cycle, Ive got no concern.
David Gagliano: All right. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Hacking from Citi. Please state your question.
Alex Hacking: Hi, good morning, Mark and Theresa and Happy New Year. I have a couple of follow-up questions on the new mill, if thats okay. Firstly, are there key milestones that we should be looking out for next year? And then secondly, on the 3 million tons, do you have any preliminary estimates about how thats going to end up in terms of end markets, automotive, energy, you mentioned earlier machinery, et cetera. Thank you.
Mark Millett: So from a schedule standpoint, we  as I said, sites have been certainly auctioned, both including the incentive package negotiations. And I would imagine within  it gives a little bit of freedom here, but probably six weeks to eight weeks, we should have that in hand. And were tweaking that, looking at logistics, rail, just a couple of little things to site here. But then hopefully, eight weeks or so, we should be able to announce the specific site. And once we do, I think youll see the incredible strategic logic in that site. From the standpoint of markets, roughly 40% or so moving to Mexico, 60% going into that four-state region. And again, just to remind you, that four-state region has kind of 8 million tons of demand currently. Mexico has roughly 50 million tons of demand, expected to grow by 2025 to, I think, roughly 20 million, 21 million tons. And today, 40 million tons of that are imported, are still short.
Theresa Wagler: You mean 40%.
Mark Millett: 40%, sorry, is imported. And theres a dislocation between mill capability within Mexico and demand requirements. And so theres a growing gap actually between the total sheet and coated as the automobile industry ramps up there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc. Please state your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hey, good morning. Just had a couple of questions a little bit on just the statistical side here. So the performance comp, Theresa, and the IDI maintenance piece, where do those flow through on a segment basis?
Theresa Wagler: They all roll through the Steel segment because Iron Dynamics is captive with Flat Roll Division. It resides within our Steel segment.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. Perfect. And then if I could, the mix on the sheet side?
Theresa Wagler: That probably is going to be still up in the cycle. For the fourth quarter, the mix on flat roll products, we had 873,000 tons of hot-rolled and P&O. We had 103,000  excuse me, 132,000 tons of cold-rolled and 751,000 tons of coated. Apologies for that.
Phil Gibbs: Yes, no problem. And then just to be clear, the $250-ish million at your midpoint for the investment in the new mill, is that something that you definitively plan on putting in, in this years numbers? Meaning, is that something that we should be baking into our models? Or should we await basically the go-ahead there with a further announcement? Or is that something that we should basically just go ahead and start thinking is in the numbers?
Theresa Wagler: Actually, the first $200 million to $300 million that were talking about for 2019 is really downpayments on equipment. Its purchase of the actual land itself. Its engineering work. So you absolutely should put that in your estimates for cash allocation.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derek Hernandez from Seaport Global. Please state your question.
Derek Hernandez: Hi, good morning everyone. I just wanted to switch gears quickly on the fabricated backlog being stronger year-over-year. Would this be primarily elevated pricing for the segment? Or do you also anticipate a significant volume increase for 2019 over 2018? Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: No, the question relates to fabrication, Chris, and we said the backlog is up year-over- year. And some of that is related to price appreciation that weve been able to garner here going into the 2019 time frame, but its also volume-related. Its not
Chris Graham: Yes. The backlog from a tonnage basis is also up as well, Theresa.
Theresa Wagler: And so were expecting to see pretty robust volumes next year based on the customer optimism?
Chris Graham: Yes. The market chatter regarding 2019 is nothing but positive. The things we watch for, the Architectural Billings Index is still well north of 50, in the 54- plus range. We continue to see a healthy mix of big-box institutional and manufacturing. So everything points to a good 2019. On a New Millennium  from a New Millennium standpoint, our December bookings were rather robust, up nearly 30% higher than last year. Thats not always indicative of the overall market, but our team is seeing success and positioning itself well for 2019.
Theresa Wagler: And I think another point to add to that is that even in 2018 with our record shipments, that really would not just based on market share gain. It was really across the board, the joist and deck shipments in the U.S. or consumption in the U.S. actually improved pretty meaningfully last year.
Chris Graham: Yes, its the high, obviously since the since 2007, were still below what used to be considered the 20 year average of maybe 1.2 million tons a year joist production. I think that the market booked  industry booked about a little over 1.1 million this year. So we believe there is still runway left there.
Derek Hernandez: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Fields from Bank of America. Please state your question.
Matthew Fields: Just wanted to get your updated thoughts on investment- grade credit rating with the new mill announcement and maybe some increased shareholder returns. Just wanted to get your current thoughts on how important to you an investment-grade credit rating was and what, if anything, you guys are willing to do to achieve it.
Theresa Wagler: Great question, Matt. I expected to have that. So based on, again, the period of time over which these dollars are going to be spent for the new facility, we absolutely believe that our credit metrics can still be maintained at investment-grade levels while doing new organic projects. We do believe that theres room also for the additional continued shareholder return. And so it would be our expectation that  I think as I said on the last call, weve been dialoguing with the agencies. Were not in a position at this point in time to make a firm commitment on this call, but were definitely having those conversations.
Matthew Fields: So would you say its sort of as important  it continues to be more important to you to be investment- grade than maybe a year ago when it would have been nice but not necessary?
Theresa Wagler: I would say thats true.
Matthew Fields: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we have another question from Piyush Sood from Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. Piyush your line is live. Do you have another question? And we have a question from Tyler Kenyon from Cowen. Please state your question.
Tyler Kenyon: All right. Good morning Mark, Theresa and team. Happy New Year.
Mark Millett: Happy New Year.
Tyler Kenyon: Thank you. So we talked a bit about sheet supply and demand dynamics and just was wondering if you could cover a little bit more as to what youre seeing from a demand and supply perspective just within some of the long product categories, so rebar, merchant, structural and SBQ please.
Mark Millett: Ill take the  jump in the [indiscernible] timing, but I think the engineered bar SBQ world is very, very healthy. We were able to have an uptick in pricing for 2019. Like everywhere else, theres a slight hesitancy in December as  because  although the prices go up, theyre indexed with the scrap. So theyre not sort of speculating on their own inventory. But the customer base is incredibly bullish, I do believe that. Interestingly, down there, the inspection line  these are small organic projects, but the inspection line down there was commissioned as planned, and I think its up and running and is almost at production capability. And we have a turning line up thats going in there that will get commissioned later this quarter. And those helped draw volumes through the system, certainly needed for the automotive grades that we were ramping up. But generally, a very, very healthy environment at engineered bar. As I said, Structural, Rail Division at Columbia City, very, very strong. Record shipments last year. Pushing up toward a two million ton shipping rate through  for 2019 will be an expectation there. Merchant and shapes in Roanoke, a little soft. Again, they tend to be impacted probably more than anyone to the rise and fall of scrap.
Tyler Kenyon: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millet for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Karen. Thanks for your help today. And to our employees out there, again, a million kudos and thanks for an absolutely outstanding, outstanding year. Remind you to be safe in everything we do. And to our customers and vendors, we certainly cant do without you, so thanks for your support. And our shareholders, we will continue to demonstrate the growth and shareholder value that we have demonstrated in the past. Expect it going forward. So great, have a great day. Be safe.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. And have a great and safe day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - Investor Relations Manager Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer Theresa Wagler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chris Graham - Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group Glenn Pushis - Senior Vice President, Long Steel Group Russ Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource
Analysts: Matthew Korn - Goldman Sachs Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies and Company Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andreas Bokkenheuser - UBS Securities Derek Hernandez - Seaport Global Sean Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Brian Lalli - Barclays Matthew Fields - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 18, 2018. Your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Terry. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics reports record third quarter 2018 financial results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. And good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call and we certainly value and appreciate your time and interest in our Company. We are excited to share that the Steel Dynamics team delivered another tremendous record performance this quarter. Our underlying growth to market positioning during the last four to five years is showing its power and the strong demand environment. I think the terms are perspective that SDI is a very different Company today relative to the last market peak.  And Id like to take a moment to specifically thank the leadership here today and along with the respected teams for an absolutely extraordinary job. Not just their execution this past quarter, but over the last several years as we intentionally position the Company for the long-term prosperity and superior shareholder return. Our growth expanded product diversification and market positioning will continue to achieve higher highs and shift us infirmly higher loads driving a considerably higher through cycle cash flow generation capability. So team hats-off to you, you are the best team on the planet.  But to begin this morning, Theresa would you provide some clarity into our financial results.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Obviously. Good morning everyone and thanks everybody here today. Our third quarter 2018 net income was a record $398 million or $1.69 per diluted share which includes fair value purchase accounting adjustments of approximately $30 million or $0.04 per diluted share associated with the recent Heartland acquisition and all of those additional charges are actually in our cost of goods sold line in the income statement and it also included a discrete tax benefit of $10 million or $0.04 per diluted share related to a change in tax accounting methodology which is a onetime pick up. Excluding these two items, our adjusted results remain unchanged at $1.69 per share and we are above our guidance of $1.64 to a $1.68 as steel results came in above expectations. For the third consecutive quarter, we have achieved the record revenue to $3.2 billion in the third quarter higher sales reflected improved average realized product pricing across the steel platform. We achieved record quarterly operating income of $532 million and adjusted EBITDA of $626 million, a continued tremendous performance by average loan with our steel operations leading the improvement. As a reminder, we acquired Heartland, a Flat Roll steel processing company on June 29th of this year. Therefore this quarter represents the first impact from an earnings perspective. Integration is going well and the teams are executing. The plan remains to maximize galvanized steel sales of approximately 360,000 tons while building cold rolls and P&O sales during the next six to nine months to reaching average annualize total run-rate of around 800,000 tons by midyear 2019. On our last call, we noted that we believe that through cycle EBITDA estimate for Heartland is between $50 million and $60 million per year run-rate. Given the geographic location and optionality of production in Heartland brings to our Midwest flat roll group, we believe there are also additional benefits to be derived. Our early estimates for those group synergies are in the range of $10 million to $15 million per year at run-rate. Regarding our steel results for the third quarter 2018, steel shipments improved slightly to a record 2.8 million tons. For the third consecutive quarter, steel metal price expanded meaningfully across the platform as our average quarter realized sales price increased $56 per ton and $988 in the third quarter and our average scrap cost consumed only increased $4 per ton to $352. The result was record operating income of $577 million or 7% sequential improvement for steel. For our metals recycling platform third quarter operating income was $18 million an $8 million decline from last quarter. Nonferrous shipments and metals spreads were negatively impacted from declining nonferrous commodity prices as well as the actions from China to ban certain recycled material imports through their Green Sword policy. We continue to effectively lever the strength of our vertically connected operating model which benefits both the steel mills and the scrap operations. The metals recycling group shipped 65% of their ferrous scrap to our own steel mills, increasing scrap quality, mill efficiency and reducing companywide working capital requirement. Exceeding record high shipments in the third quarter, our fabrication operations continued to see strong demand in customer optimism moving into 2019. Other activity has been strong and our fabrication backlog was a near record high moving into October. However all these steel input costs continue to rise and outpaced improved selling values, resulting in a slight decline in third quarter earnings. Operating income from our steel fabrication platform was $13 million in the quarter. During the third quarter of 2018 we generated record cash flow from operations of $420 million. Operational networking capital grew 53 million in the third quarter due to the overall market improvement which resulted in higher customer account balances and inventory value. So far this year we have generated cash flow from operations of $924 million and now they are record results. Year-to-date capital investment was $176 million. We currently estimate fourth quarter capital expenditures to be in the range of $50 million to $75 million. An early estimate for 2019 capital investment is approximately $350 million, we may update that or generally we will update that or in the fourth quarter conference call, but right now I'm looking at sustaining capital which includes environmental and safety initiatives of about $150 million for next year. We have some spending on the Columbus's nonsmoker to reserve galvanizing line that is about $100 million spend next year and then the remaining $100 million will be other expansionary and efficiency growth process. Regarding shareholder distributions, after our 20% increase in fourth quarter of this year, we maintained our cash dividend at 0.1875 per common share and we also repurchased a 193 million of our common stock during the first nine months of 2018. Completing our $450 million program authorized in October of 2016 and initiating a new $750 million program in August. Our liquidity increased to $2.2 billion at September 30, representing $999 million in cash in short-term investments and $1.2 billion of available funding under our revolving credit facilities. The strength of our recycle cash generation coupled with a strong credit and capital structure profile provides meaningful opportunities for continued growth and continued shareholder distributions through our positive dividend profile and our share repurchase program. We have squarely positioned from the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. And finally for those that requests more detail concerning our flat roll shipment, we had hot rolls and pickle and oil shipments of 901,000 tons in the quarter. We had closed roll shipments of 138,000 tons and coded shipments of 819,000 tons. And then I would also note that in our sacramental financial data, this quarter given the increase in the amount of, what I will call process tons with the addition of Heartland, we actually broke up Flat Roll shipment so that you can see Heartland in the effect combine. And then you can see Butler and Columbus combine. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks Theresa. Well safety is an all and is will be number one priority unfortunately we have reversed the updates in recordable incidence we experienced in the second quarter, but unfortunately year-to-date I will recall instant rate still lagging last years result. But I think commendably our loss time rates still continues its year-over-year downward trend and is significantly better than industry average. Nothing surpass the influence of creating and maintaining a safe and work environment and while performance remains significantly better than the industry averages, its certainly not enough, we must continually be aware of our environment and of those around us. I challenge all of us to be focus and to keep moving towards our ultimate goal of zero incidence. The Steel platform continues to perform exceedingly well, we achieved record quarterly steel earnings and continue to reach numerous production milestones. The addition of Heartland this quarter, we also have record high steel shipments as the volume offset lower shipments from our Butler Flat Roll division. Underlying demand remains strong, the customers took a temporary purchasing hiatus in anticipation of lower transaction prices as scrap pricing dipped a little and imports moderated some. It is important to remember domestic steel inventory levels appeared to be balanced and virtually every domestic steel consuming sector is already in good shape or continues to improve. We believe domestic steel consumption as the reason for growth in 2019. We continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future to new investment and our existing operations. In June, we announced a new $140 million galvanizing line at our Columbus Flat Roll division. This investment is yet another step of further diversification into higher margin products. The 400,000 ton line is expected to begin operating midyear 2020. In recent years, Columbus has transformed its product offering through the addition of painting and galvalume coating capability and through the introduction of more complex grades of Flat Roll steel some of which serve the automotive sector. The diversion of product to these value added outlets has reduced the amount of volume available to our existing galvanized customer base. So the addition of a the third galvanizing facility will allow Columbus to serve these existing customers along with new customers in the region. This expansion will also reduce Columbus exposure to a more cyclical Heartland market which will results in a higher and less volatile through cycle earnings. Additionally, during the next two years, we plan to make additional investments at Columbus to upgrade certain processing lines in hot strip mode capability to further enhance and stabilize profitability to further product diversification and process efficiency gains. The investments will increase Columbus range of complex grade capabilities and will improve the process control needed to reduce advanced high strength steel grades used in the automotive industry and also in the energy market. These investments extend Columbus strategy to diversify into downstream value added capability. We also investing in our long product steel operations, this projects coupled with the improvement construction and industrial markets have already resulted in increased capacity utilization. As an example, we have two primary organic initiatives to increase the utilization of our structural and rail division which operated at 75% of its capacity in 2017, and in contrast is been operating in over 90% of its capacity this year. First we've grown the production of SBQ quality blooms for internal supply to our engineered bar division. They need blooms to fully utilize their rolling capability. This improves through cycle utilization at both facilities. Those of 27,000 tons of blooms shipped in the third quarter, we are achieving our anticipated annual run rate of transferring over 200,000 tons from Columbus to Pittsboro. Second we are investing over $80 million utilize excess melting and casting capability at the structural rail division through expansion and product diversification for the addition of an annual production capability of 240,000 tons of rebar including spooled, custom cut to length and smooth bar. Our unique rebar supply chain model is expected to substantially enhance customer optionality and flexibility, providing meaningful logistic yield and working capital benefits. In addition, we will be the largest independent rebar supplier in the mid rest fleet. We strongly believe that these innovative, cost-effective products can provide a material improvement in future through cycle utilization and profitability at this facility. The expansion also compliments the recent growth at our Roanoke Bar Division, we invested approximately $38 million to also utilize the excess melting and casting capability. Planning for about 200,000 tons of rebar volume manually, we started operations a few months ago and commission is ongoing. I think the steel seems to stand pro and with the addition of the Heartland acquisition, we now have almost 12.5 million tons of annual shipping capability. Historically Heartland was operated at low utilization rates and they focused on galvanized steel. We plan to focus on a full breath of products including very light gauge sheet and our operating expertise, product market familiarity and the geographic proximity of our existing less flat roll operations allows for meaningful value creation. Consistent with our strategy to differentiate and grow through product diversification, Heartland provides wider and lighter gauge product capability. We are familiar with their market and customer base. Due to the continued addition of value added capabilities at our Butlers Flat Roll division, we have displaced some of our customers that manages steel by Heartland. Heartland will also provide pull-through volume, we plan to supply at least 300,000 tons of steel substrate from above the flat roll division, thereby increasing through cycle profitability at both locations. Holland should also improved Butler's cold mill productivity. We plan to reduce lighter gauge flat roll load at Heartland which should increased Butlers Cold Mill productivity. Lighter gauge products require more time to run, so to speak and Heartland is better equipped to make these gauges. We believe the Heartland acquisition will result in numerous future running synergies both the Heartlands current operations and to our broader Midwest flat roll group. As Theresa explained, we believe annual synergies to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million. Heartland provides the unique margin enhancing opportunities for Steel Dynamics and we are excited to continue the integration and realize the value creation. While metals recycling earnings decreased sequentially the platform delivered a solid performance on a complicated freight environment. Non ferrous shipments and metal spread decreased due to declining commodity prices and the changing export market environment, given China's recent ban on certain recycle materials. Also the ferrous scraps picked up a little more than expected last month and the market recovered some of the drop manifest in August and September. We expect seasonal pattern to keep the market firm through the rest of the year. Long-term, we are committed to the premise that scrap supply will outgrow anticipated demand, even the expectations of higher steel mill utilization rates and associated scrap needs. The steel fabrication team achieved record shipments in the quarter and I would like to congratulate them for an incredible job. Our order backlog remains strong. Similarly, our customer backlogs are extremely strong with someone having to turn business away. The ongoing strengths of the business and customer optimism is a solid indicator that nonresidential sector strength will continue well into next year. Based on strong underlying domestic steel demand fundamentals and customer optimisms throughout all market sectors we believe steel consumption will continue to be seasonally strong and grow into 2019. In combination with our expansion initiatives, we believe there are firm drivers for our continued growth. Furthermore, the actions the U.S. Federal Government has recently made to develop a healthy domestic steel industry should provide sustainable long-term support for the U.S. manufacturing base and continued erode import running. We also believe that USMCA negotiations will result in a constructive outcome for our industry. Specific to Steel Dynamics our unique culture and execution of the long-term strategy continues to strengthen our competitive position through strong cash flow generation and long-term value creation, and it clearly demonstrates our sustainability and differentiates us from our competition. Customer focus coupled with market diversification and low cost operating platforms support our ability to maintain our best in class performance and differentiation. The Company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. Our team provides the foundation for our success and I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and commitment to excellence in all they do and remind them safety is the first priority. We are committed to providing exemplary long-term values to our employees to our communities, customers and shareholders as alike and look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us in the years ahead. So once again, thank you for your time and interest in our Company, and Terry we would like to open the call up for questions now. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Korn: Hi good morning everyone, thanks for taking my questions. So I had a couple of questions. One is short-term, the other one is long-term. First, you have highlighted this temporary backing off of orders that you saw on your buyers as the imports of hot-rolled coil goes. I want to ask was this hesitancy in orders was that really centric to hot-rolled coil? Or did you see any similar behavior across the longs? And then second as its normalized since then are you seeing it tick backup or would you expect with the season and as you are seeing prices to somewhat stabilize here in the mid 800 or so? Thanks.
Mark Millett: I think certainly the hiatus was reversed itself in the last couple of weeks and we have seen on the flat rolled side very, very strong order intake and I think on the long product side, it wasnt quite as pronounced. I think the order rate just continued at a recently strong pace through that period.
Matthew Korn: Okay. So really focused in that particular product. Let me ask a longer-term one, a little bit in more demotic, there has been a lot of announced steel expansion projects year-to-date, your own, your established competitors, new entrants. So even if you handicap the normal discount that is been announced versus what gets executed, it seems like a lot of metal coming in, especially we are going to keep aiming for this 80% capacity utilization. Does this concern you, but do you feel comfortable that all this new supply could be absorbed out much disruption and if so why?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the, firstly the market remains incredibly strong as I said in every market sector and we continue to see and believe strongly that that is going to into 2019 and so demand will be strong and increase - maybe incremental, but it will continue to increase. At the same time, imports are going to dissipate, I think the actions that the government owners have made are starting to take place with the slight refraction in market pricing of the highest we sold a couple of months ago, all the thrash import pricing is dissipated to some degree. And I think imports are going to erode further and if you look at the imports return to just a regular normal historical rate. I think this kind of demand to the absorb increased supply.
Theresa Wagler: And the only other things I would add Matthew is that if you look at the Greenfield capacity expansions that have potentially been announced, those wouldnt come into market for probably two to three years earlier. So, there is that part of the equation as well.
Matthew Korn: Got it. So, between timing import reduction and continued strengthen demand you feel pretty confident.
Mark Millett: Yes.
Matthew Korn: Thanks very much folks, good luck.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Hi Mark and team. I just had a question on the fabrication margins, based on the order of backlogs, do you think that margins have broadened and should we see recovery going forward or is it still a couple of point is that given the seasonality.
Chris Graham: I think you made a good point. This is Chris, we think that seasonality will higher match a little bit, but we do think that we will continue to - we will begin to start seeing spread.
Chris Terry: Okay. Okay. Thanks. And just maybe one for Mark on the M&A top line. Is it changed at all over the last few months? Are you still looking for sort of smaller scale? And how you think about the size and the opportunities that it seems since we had to recall last time?
Mark Millet: My preference is still enough small scale, as you appreciate and we certainly appreciate, it seems to take just much time and effort and distraction of small deals and there is a big deal. But we certainly have a pipeline that is still very accurate and active across the breadth of scales and I think perhaps on the downstream pull through volume type opportunities. They are smaller-scale but the purchase we made some time ago, but there are other larger opportunities as well. We remain I would say disciplined obviously given the market before the valuations are pretty strong and we're working through those issues in sort of negotiations to discussions.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Gagliano: Im just going to ask just one near-term. Based on your visibility of the order books what is a reasonable range of assumptions for changes in your operations volumes quarter-over-quarter and in the fourth quarter my first question.
Theresa Wagler: As you know Dave, based on seasonality and the holiday and the customers base looking to realign inventories at the end of the year, this deal shipments are always lower in the fourth quarter and that goes back to as long as I have been doing this for last 20 years. So that would be our expectations as well, but I dont think its been [indiscernible] anything that is unique to this market environment, its just normal seasonality.
David Gagliano: Okay that is helpful. And then just on strategic question, just kind of in generic terms. When you prove the landscape of acquisition opportunities that you are seeing out there right now. How does the valuation that you see compared to the other options in terms of for example getting even more aggressive on buying back more of your own stock that kind of thing.
Mark Millet: I think I guess just on a broader prospective, this is all cash allocations strategy in general. Obviously we evaluate I wouldnt say daily, but frequently the best use for our cash and we have always I think at least in the past use you are seeing use all the tools in our tool box there. We have the financial strength and basis to be able to not have to directed to one or another. So I believe the positive dividend stream profile will continue as our through cycling cash generation profile continues to increase as well. You are seeing the initial share repurchase program and we have got another in place the $750 million. And I think we believe prudently even more strongly today that our shares are - our market cap is undervalued and there is great value there. So I think you will as aggressively peruse that program. As we continue to evaluate further organic growth and transactional opportunities. So I think we look at all those mechanisms, there we believe opportunities for good value on transactional side yet and certainly obviously our organic and internal projects are absolutely the best place to spend on them.
David Gagliano: Okay. That is helpful, that sounds somewhat of our previous comments. But what Im kind of trying to get to is right now in the current market place, you are stock where it is, opportunities out there right now, what do you think are better opportunity for you? Is it buying back the stock? Or is it - are there good size of all acquisition opportunities available?
Mark Millet: I think there is the opportunity to do both.
Theresa Wagler: If you look the profile that we have and I mean you know [indiscernible] if you look at the cash and the balance sheet and the generation pace that we are adding in, we definitely have the capability to both maximize the repurchase program as well as look at the deals that we are looking at and it wouldnt jeopardize our credit profile nor our ability grow, hopefully in the next downturn as well which is always something that we like to do is find great value in doing that.
David Gagliano: Okay. Thanks very much.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Curt Woodworth: Thanks. Good morning Mark, Theresa. Two questions. The first is just looking at your cost structure in the third quarter it seems like conversion costs increased pretty significantly year-on-year. I know there is a lot of sort of moving pieces within that between variable labor, power maintenance, maybe some Heartland inventory impact. But can you just comment on that because it looks like it was close to $500 million annualized this quarter versus last quarter in the mill segment?
Theresa Wagler: Curt, I'll take that, I saw your note last night, so I want to give more comment on based you are asking the questions. Actually if you look I'm going to address quarter-over-quarter before year-over-year, but if you look quarter-over-quarter our conversion costs are actually lower if you backed out number I particularly mentioned that $13 million is going to the cost and goods sold lines at Heartland, but more impact fully is the fact that now if you look at Heartland in the tax and its reason we are breaking out their volume they make up about 11% of our total steel shipments and you have to look at conversion on total steel shipments or you missed the cost impression, you can't look at it based on external. So because its now at about 11% of our volume versus we know its just a tax it was somewhere between call it 5% to 7%, there is a bigger impact because you can't get as much. There is a higher conversion cost that it looks like its having because we are buying our substrate outside of this company and so that steel cost input is getting mixed up. If you just look at straight conversion cost to steel operations in the sequential quarters they actually decreased. If you look at it year-over-year there has been an increase but not as sizable as you have mentioned. The increase is closer to $10 to $15 and that is really if you elect those refractory our operations they are in still performance stage from an incentive perspective, there is higher bonuses as well because the possibility is higher. So there is nothing that is significant for us to point out on and I'm happy to walk you through it later as well.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. So that reported figure this quarter that is a reasonable baseline to use going forward then?
Theresa Wagler: As we look at your model, I would encourage you to try to separate the tax in the Heartland volume from the other steel mill volume and there is going to be an impact. So as you look at it the only thing I would tell you is you do need to change as your denominator, it's going to be an actual shipment, there will need to be total shipments.
Curt Woodworth: Yes, we are running it off total shipments. So, we can catch up online. I dont know if the arithmetic would necessarily change, but that is fine. Okay. Second question is just around maybe for you Mark just kind of communication with commerce or sort of trade -- people you speak to in Washington. Do you feel that there is that article in AMM about -- I think, the AISI presidents have potential resolution of Canada in November on tariffs. Do you have sense of sort of what that negotiation looks like, has the steel management has kind of communicated what they would like to see happen with respect to Canada?
Mark Millet: Well, I think the negotiations are playing out recently well for us generally in the steel industry. Again Im very glad that the administration has been able to find common brand with kind of the Mexico this game, as a block we need to be working together and another game goes out. But, trade in general the silly program I think is worth and incredibly well is created a much level of playing field and has given release to the industry and is going to support, I think pricing in the market into next year. And I think as I said earlier imports generally are going to continue to roll I believe. Relative to Mexico and to the Canada and the so forth USMCA I guess we're going to be going in the future [indiscernible] nonetheless.  Its a going to be benefit to us primarily its a sales of auto and auto parts which now will have a minimum content requirement and minimum wage component fair range, more U.S. thought production and more North American steel inputs. And we have seen actually just recently since the announce of research and order in clarity from Mexico there was a lot of uncertainty there for a while when no one knew exactly what was going to pan out. But as clarity has come to the forefront, again our customer base in Mexico is strong. But generally I think no one knows and one can only speculate as for the final details, but prudence will rule the day and its going to be a benefit for us.
Curt Woodworth: Great. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Hi. Good morning guys.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: I was wondering if you could talk us through Q4 pricing your current market conditions, just because its always helpful to get a reminder about how much of your business operates on a CRU kind of lag and how much would be expose to the spot price. And I know you are not the spot rolled, but if you could just remind us like what percentages would be expose to spot and what percentages might see a lag and help us think about again to considering current conditions?
Theresa Wagler: Timna, the only real significant contract business that we have to-date within the Flat Roll and generally about 50% of it is contractual where you are going to get a lag, that is based on the CRU index and that lag generally is probably about two months. And so you are going to have 50% that will be subject to spot and the other 50% subject to that contract. On the loan product side, generally there is no contractual business, there is a very small amount in the SBQ side of the business, but not enough for you to try to model.
Timna Tanners: Okay. I appreciate that. And then I was wondering separately if you could talk about the rebar expansion and the Columbus plant in a little bit more detail. So Columbus is already really strong asset, really strong profitability and so Im curious like what further if you could detail a little further what you can do to enhance that, is it more product, it is cost or both. And now on the rebar side, your new entrance into that market somewhat right, I know you doubled than in the past I believe, but how are there customers receiving your product, how are you finding that market acceptance so far. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Timna on the Columbus plant, bringing the new galvanize line allows us to make galvanize products for general consumption. So as we grow our automotive business from that plant as well as our paid business, it really put pressure on regular galvanized customers. So additional galvanize allow us to put more of our product mix in our value added products that also allows us to fully ahead expand to base line down there and as well as sort of the core demand in products and the automotive side that we have taken. So some of those that much more difficult process parameters to control. So this allows us to grow our business in keep in following in line for our customers base. So we are really forward to get this line and continue to take care of the customers we have as well as grow the business.
Theresa Wagler: That line is the 400,000 ton line and its expected to be sometime in the first half of 2020. And so if you think about it also substantially reduces the amount of exposure that Columbus has of just straight hot roll which should be increased by much higher margin.
Glenn Pushis: Glenn Pushis here, on the rebar project at Columbia city, we plan to starting that project up here, commissioning its at the end of fourth quarter this year and you asked about reception in the marketplace, obviously we have not made anything yet, but the reception that we are hearing from our potential customers and independent fabricators are very strong, lot of interest in that facility with the spooled coils and the custom cut-to-length that Mark said earlier.
Timna Tanners: Okay, so I was referring to the operation that you said you just started up and growing and as also on the Columbus I was referring to Marks comments about over the next several years, even further expansion, so I wasnt clear on that.
Mark Millett: No problem, oak we have started the rebar bundling area and that is where in much better than it did six months ago as we first started that with process. We had some equivalent problems from our supplier there. We are through those and that facility is up in running in much better norm we anticipate that being in full operation, full 2000 ton, pretty year level by the end of this year.
Chris Graham: Timna Columbus, a couple of things of it. Obviously as mentioned the $140 million galvanizing line is going to be growth and that comes online in 2020. We are spending about $90 million to $100 million on I would say a enhancements at Columbus, its going to give us further product diversification, it allows us to get higher strength to all the grades, it allows us to get the higher strength, heavier-gauge energy pipe and tube grades. And then thirdly you have the paint line and although that is been running for some time and its well utilized, obviously they are going through product evaluation and the product although the margin will be enhanced as we get into more HVAC and appliance-type applications.
Timna Tanners: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies and Company. Please proceed you are your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Just to begin little bit more for Kentucky Electric Steel. Can you just give us a bit more color on the plant to ramp up trajectory that facility which are the mills we should expect leading to sub straight? And when you think about this asset and the product mix how to consider the margin contribution compared to the base load across division? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: Its Glenn Pushis here. The Kentucky Electric Steel asset that we just purchased when we starting that facility up in two to three weeks. We have got employees hired and we have first order, bill is showing up. We have the materials to run. We have got about 4000 or 5000 ton backlog right now its about 12000 tons total that we got here market to start the facility up. Really the play there is we get supplier own ballots. Three of our facilities will supply those steel in less Virginia was supplying Kentucky electric some of the sizes, Roanoke electric steel, and Roanoke Virginia will be supplying some and then some of the Pittsboro facility. So really those are three facilities. We will be feeding that new rolling mill asset, and that will supplement Steel of West Virginia.
Mark Millett: So is that from a high level there will be some margin contribution from the asset itself, but the strong advantage is that pull through volume through cycles from those other divisions to low to high utilization rate there.
Seth Rosenfeld: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Hi team good morning. I had a question Mark just on the automotive strategy and if you could update us on that in terms of where we are this year, perhaps in terms of volume and where you expect to be in the next couple of years as some of your platforms take off?
Mark Millett: We remain through the studies it's around by 30% or so of the 32% of its output is going to almost principally through processes. Columbus, where we pull this more on direct sales to the automotive clients particularly in Mexico they are continuing to gain market share. We are on platforms to take that up to 450,000 tons or so by the end of 2019. So I think its going very, very well.
Phil Gibbs: And just to frame where do you see Columbus now and how much of your engineer bar business should we think about being automotive as well?
Mark Millett: Columbus is -- finished this year [indiscernible] or thereabouts and And SBQ is around about 15%.
Chris Graham: Yes, 20% right now Mark, and that is growing because of starting up our new inspection in the bar turning line. A lot of that automotive SPQ still needs to be inspected so we had another kind of bottleneck right in that finishing area so with this expansion project that we are putting in right now starting up that helps us to dwell more and grow that from 15% to 20% now let's say to 25% to 30% in the future.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. That is helpful. And then I just have one more Glenn on the engineer bar business if I could. What are you seeing on the energy side, it certainly looks like there has been a mix shift in the markets and more seamless product away from well led, given some of the demands for the EMPs. And has there been any positive stress or strain on your business to supply that more or so for today and greater needs in the future some of the imports restrictions play out?
Glenn Pushis: I think from that market right now we are seeing order in three years historical highs both in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And we anticipate that that is going to be continue into 2019. 
Phil Gibbs: You are saying broadly or for the energy piece?
Glenn Pushis: Well broadly I would say the energy piece are certain. 
Mark Millett: Yes. As we said in the past, our engineer bar is kind of bell weather to the general steel consuming industry or market. And it is literally across the board incredibly strong. Its for have a highest factor volume as I have for the fourth quarter and literally we will as Theresa pointed out we will see a little seasonal impact on difference in the fourth quarter. We expect things to really, really open up in the first quarter next year.
Phil Gibbs: Perfect. And to reside we appreciate the color you provided on the mix straight away. And its Heartland about 50/50 as well in terms of contract in spot?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Theresa Wagler: Yes.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Our next question is from Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Yes, thank you very much. And good morning. Just a quick question on the tariffs, you always mentioned that you think the tariffs are working quite well and we are seeing that in the prices as well. Do you have a preference for tariffs over closer or the other way around? Obviously there has been a little bit of talk about replacing some of the tariffs with closers on Mexico and so and so forth. What in your view is maybe thinking about a framework of the quarters there are in place right now for South Korea. Do you have a preference of what is healthier for the industry, what gives you the more pricing power, a tariff versus a closer going forward?
Mark Millett: Well, I think long-term quarter is a probably preference from our perspective because it is allow support of the manufacturing base. Long-term - section two tariffs I do believe is a good stop back but one has to recognize this, and we are going to continue to have a little bit of capacity for some of time to come of that virtually every economy that is mature and or emerge since world war two are all based on excellence, their expert earnings. So there has to be some long-term sort of moderator or moderation of the flow imports on shorts. As a country, we are still short and one of the few countries that is, so we need to imports our manufacturing base needs that product. And I think closers tends to be the better way of controlling that.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: That is very clear. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Hernandez with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question. 
Derek Hernandez: Hello. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just want to touch on additional growth opportunities that you had mentioned beyond ongoing growth projects which sort of product lines do you see opportunities, and at this time.
Mark Millett: Well we have sort of three growth areas of focus. One is just continue to look at steel assets under performing steel assets that we can improve our culture in our business model to some around. Secondly, our team has developed an expertise in processing, main stream processing lines whether they be coded, whether they be painted. So with those opportunities I think are for that. On the fabrication side we have continued growth in debt offerings and then lastly full stream opportunities the big deal aim was to add and improve our margin profile, but more importantly or as importantly would allow a higher through cycle utilization rate and not be redundant, but we really are focused long-term but focused on making sure that our future high are much, much higher than they are today. But as importantly our future levels. We think pull-through volume allows us to achieve that.
Derek Hernandez: That is very good. Thank you for the color. And my second question being where do you see potential for cost savings given the current environment is a bit lean towards a bit of inflation there where might you targets opportunities to keep margins strong despite this.
Mark Millett: Well I guess, I will kick off first, but I think if you actually look at the most of our operating lines or processes, over time conversion costs remarkably stays somewhat stable and its because the team had the continually innovative and creative to become more efficient and more importantly they seem to have an incredible aptitude to push more tons through. And still the increased effectiveness of our operations seems to offset any sort of inflation we cost of materials or commodities.
Derek Hernandez: Thank you very much. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Wondrack: Hi apologies if you touched on this, but can you talk about your seeing in the scrap market and kind of what your expectations are moving in the year end.
Russ Rinn: Sean this is Russ, as we look at the scrap market, I think we are seeing a relatively firm market through the year end probably end of the first month or two next year. Again seasonal factors as whether it comes in, but again my opinion is agree with firm this is going to be long what happens on the coast and exports. As exports pick up through a higher level it will become permanently if they remain at the level they are at right now, it will be steady increase but not dramatic one.
Sean Wondrack: Okay that is helpful, thank you. And then just more kind of big picture. Can you talk about a little with the impact of tax reform has been on your customers? Do you find some of this optimism is related to that? Or do you think mostly that is worked its way through the system if you could touch on that I would appreciate it?
Theresa Wagler: I would not say that its worked its way through the system because the impact of the tax reform obviously the biggest impact was noted in the fourth quarter of this year however to say that that is going to - the systems to have addition projects additional fixed asset investments apparently the higher steel consumption I think that would be always incorrect - hasnt been sufficient time. In addition to that with the repatriation of volumes coming into U.S. global company that as well just wouldnt have had time to translate from brining the money in to building new factories to having additional investments in the U.S. in totality. So my expectation is that tax reform actually gives way to what some think is in economy that is already been on the up for a few long, they try to measure in the years and I dont think that is probably appropriate for this time because I think with tax reform it allows us to have more ways and to last even further. So my personal view - our view is that now that there is still more to come.
Chris Graham: Theresa in support of that the fabrication group would note that code activity in retail and hotels is now just starting to increase. And to your point that will take some time to get through the system, but we do assume that some of that might be from the affect of lower taxes on consumer incentive.
Theresa Wagler: Excellent, thanks Chris.
Sean Wondrack: Thank you. And then just one last one. You obviously had a large revolve outstanding and I apologize. Could you remind me, if you were to get upgraded would that go unsecured? Or have you had any thought about enter the year moving to an unsecured revolver there?
Theresa Wagler: So the treasury team did an excellent job and the revolver has a provision, now its our choice to execute. Now if we were to get upgrade in any one of the agencies we would have the ability to actually bring into an automatic unsecured revolver which then could allow the other agencies to update as well. So its at our election but yes, its already there so we dont have to make a change in the revolver shot for today.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. Well congratulations on a great quarter and good luck for 4Q.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Lalli with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Lalli: Maybe its a follow up on actually couple of Sean's questions maybe first on just the investment grade side. Theresa do you have any additional thoughts? Are we kind of in that same place of the positive outlook at both and if you get there great but you are obviously clear on your goals in terms of shareholder returns and M&A?
Theresa Wagler: I would say that our goals are still the same on shareholder distributions, on winning it both transactional and organically. That being said just to strength in order we believe the steel markets are going and despite that we think we have different levers to be pulled as Marks point both in the high markets and in the low markets. I think we are probably heading toward that IG rating more quickly than what we may have anticipated and we may start talking a little bit more about it kind of in the coming months.
Brian Lalli: Got it. Okay. That seems like a little bit of a change that is good to hear. And then I guess the second question I have relates to, it relates to the scrap side of things, but we are starting to hear more and obviously clips for instance talking about building HBI facility. I guess where do you see kind of your iron content and I know this is a longer-term question, but is this something where that you want to compete more at the blast furnace producers you see that there is a greater need for higher iron content. I guess where do you see that in your mix right now that would be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Millett: I dont believe we see a near-term need to increase iron content from a quality standpoint necessarily. We certainly obviously are very aware of the cost, the best mix that get the most economic cost of almost fields into the furnace and at the same time maintain iron that look volatility. So you will see that in Columbus would probably 25%, Barry or thereabout big iron and in Butler we are around about 15% and that is purely an economic decision that we can get pig iron into the Columbus mill at a lower rate of [indiscernible]. Obviously we are creating this project and I think other project and new project that the more iron units coming into the marketplace were better off we and everyone in the electric are going to see there is going to be.
Brian Lalli: Got it. Really helpful, Mark. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Fields with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Fields: Hi, everyone. Thanks for all the color and appreciate the updated thoughts IGE outlook. Sort of the bigger picture question, we have kind of seen some small M&A transaction with Heartland and some other ones. Just wondering why we havent seen bigger large scale M&A transactions and more consolidation in the steel sector. Is there evaluation gap between buyers and sellers, is there kind of an expectation 800, 900 hot roll is kind of the future forever from a sellers point of view, but the buyers are kind of hold it seller sorry buyers are kind of hold inline?
Mark Millett: Well, I would say that folks have a pretty fair to the assets right now. So, yes that valuation is generally are as you would expect through the world of the high, sort of the high end. If you actually reflects, as we reflect on the deals that we have done even going back to the Columbus deal, there has always been other factors in the, in our successful transactions whether it be folks wanting their employees to be in the SDI family, whether they want sort of clarity and some speed of transaction, there are other things that can perhaps play a role and get you an asset not top valuation. But it certainly that is the case.
Matthew Fields: Do you see anything changing with that, do you see that pace of consolidation picking up or kind of is this what is it from your outlook. And I obviously appreciate you cant predict the future?
Mark Millett: Well certainly I cant predict it. I can only say and I cant speculate is for the outcome. All I can say is that the pipeline is very reactive, there are a lot of assets at some point in time they are likely the I guess being transacted, but its a slow process where to say.
Matthew Fields: Okay. That is it for me. Thanks very much.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Alright again thank you for taking time to listen to us today, listen to our story. We are pretty happy with the performance, like I said at the very beginning, I cant be proud of the team in this room and the other 7700 employees that we have across the nation and Mexico. So from us we want to keep doing what we do best. Provide the greatest shareholders value in our space. So have a great day and be safe. Bye, bye.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentleman that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. Have a great and safe day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Mark Millett - President & CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Russ Rinn - EVP, Metals Recycling Operations Chris Graham - VP, Steel Fabrication Operations, Downstream Manufacturing Group Glenn Pushis - SVP, Steel Operations, Long Private Steel Group Barry Schneider - SVP, Flat Roll Steel Group
Analysts: Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank Matthew Korn - Goldman Sachs Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies Cleveland Rueckert - UBS Piyush Sood - Morgan Stanley Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 24, 2018 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Private Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics reports record second quarter 2018 results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Fantastic. Thanks Theresa. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. We value your time and interest. The entire SDI team delivered I think a phenomenal operational and financial performance this quarter. The market has certainly helped, but one should not overlook the underlying growth and market positioning the team has achieved in recent years to take advantage of such a market. Through innovation and team work, we're still breaking records and think to continue to do so with our second quarter earnings at a record high. I'd like to offer a heartfelt welcome to our new Heartland family, they are a great cultural and business fit and we're excited to drive to new heights with them as well. We'll share more specific plans for Heartland after Theresa provides insight into our second quarter results. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Our second quarter 2018 net income was a record $362 million or $1.53 per diluted share. This compares to income of $154 million or $0.63 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2017, and $228 million or $0.96 per diluted share in the sequential first quarter. Our results were above guidance between $1.46 and $1.50 per share due to higher than anticipated average flat roll pricing. The Butler and Columbus teams continue to execute exceptionally high levels, continuing to exceed numerous milestones. We achieved record revenues of $3.1 billion in the second quarter, 19% higher than our previous record reached in the first quarter. Higher sales reflected improved price in volume across the steel platform. Operating income increased 55% to a record $502 million compared to first quarter, a tremendous performance by everyone with steel platform driving the improvement. To note, on June 29, 2018, we completed the acquisition of Heartland, a Flat Roll steel processing company for $400 million, inclusive of $60 million of normal edge working capital. We funded the transaction with available cash. The final cash settlement is subject to customary working capital adjustments which will take place over the next several months. A preliminary allocation of purchase price has been completed which resulted in a preliminary step up of inventory in fixed asset value. The associated $12 million to $15 million negative impact to earnings will be reflected as an increase to cost of goods sold in our third quarter 2018 financial results. The current plan is to maximize galvanized steel sales of approximately 360,000 tons annually while building cold rolls and P&O sales during the next 6 to 9 months, reaching an average annualized total run rate of 800,000 to 900,000 tons by mid-year 2019. The through-cycle EBITDA estimate of $50 million to $60 million has been continued sourcing of substrate from third-party from much of the volume. We are very excited with the addition of Heartland to our Midwest flat roll location. In a few moments Mark will share the numerous synergies and optionality that the assets bring to us. Back to our result for the second quarter of 2018 steel shipments increased 8% sequentially to a record 2.7 million tons. Even though flat roll volumes continue to improve, long product shipments experienced the most widespread increase especially in our structural rail division and wide plans being sale. Steel metal spread also expanded meaningfully across the platform as the average quarterly sales price increased $110 per ton to $932 in the second quarter and our average scrap cost consumed only increased $27 per ton. The result was record operating income from our steel operations at $537 million in the second quarter, a 59% sequential improvement. For our metals recycling platform improved domestic steel early utilization resulted in a 7% increase in ferrous shipment. The team also continued to manage operating cost very well. However based on higher unprocessed scrap procurement costs, the second quarter operating income decreased slightly to $26 million compared to $28 million achieved in the first quarter. We continue to effectively lever the strength of our vertically connected operating model which benefited first the steel mills and the scrap operations. The metals recycling group shipped 65% of their ferrous scrap to our own steel mills, increasing scrap quality, mill efficiency and reducing companywide working capital requirement. As we suggested on our first quarter call, our fabrication operations experienced slight compression during the quarter decreasing our operating income $6 million to $14 million as a benefit of higher average selling value and near record shipments were more than offset by increased steel cost. However the June order backlog remains strong and is higher than it was this time last year. This coupled with customer optimism supports our belief in continued demand strength through second half of 2018. During the second quarter the company generated strong cash flow from operations of $326 million. During the first half of 2018 we generated our second highest first half cash flow from operation of $504 million. Operational networking capital grew $354 million due to overall market improvement which resulted in higher customer account balances and inventory value. First half 2018 capital investments were $106 million. We currently estimate second half 2018 capital expenditures to be in the range of $150 million to $160 million. We also expect to fund our recently announced $140 million galvanizing expansion with free cash flow as follows. In the second half of 2018 were likely to fund about 25 million additional dollars. In fiscal year 2019 well spend approximately 95 million and then the remainder about 20 million will be spend in early 2020. We maintained our cash dividend for the second quarter at $0.1875 per common share. We also repurchased $180 million of our common stock during the first half of the year and at the end of the quarter we had $54 million still available pursuant to the $450 million board authorized program. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We maintain liquidity at $2 billion at June 30, with $810 million in cash and short-term investment and $1.2 billion of available funding under our new revolving credit facility. During the quarter we renewed our $1.2 billion credit facility and extended the maturity date and additional five years to June 28, 2023. Subject to certain conditions, we have the ability to increase the facility by a minimum of an additional $750 million which further supports our growth initiative. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with a strong credit and capital structure profile provides meaningful opportunity for continued organic and transactional growth. We're squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. Thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Superb, thanks Theresa. Well as we often say safety is and will always be our number one priority at STI because nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. And certainly our performance remains well better than industry averages and its better than especially all the industry. And yes our 65% of our locations achieve zero recordable injury so far this year. But in aggregate, we saw an uptick in injury rates this quarter. They were minor yet but very, very avoidable and a message to our team to say this simply unacceptable. We must continue to be aware to think and to help each other remain safe at all times. It's an absolute imperative, and it's something - we should not be celebrating our operational financial records if we're not able to do it safely. That being said, steel platform continues to execute exceedingly well. We achieved record quarterly steel earnings in shipments and hit numerous production milestones. Underlying domestic steel demand is strong. Virtually every domestic steel consuming sector is either already good or strengthening. Our special-bar quality division, which we believe is our bellwether to the broader steel market, achieved another shipment record further supporting our belief in broader industrial sector momentum. We continue to position steel dynamics for the future through new investment in our existing operations. We recently announced the new $140 million galvanizing line at our Columbus Flat Roll division. This investment is another step of further diversification into higher margin products. In recent years, Columbus has transformed its product offerings through the addition of painting and galvanizing coating capability, and through the introduction of more complex grades of flat roll steel, some of which are of the automotive sector. The diversion of product to these value-added assets has reduced the amount of volume available to our existing galvanized customer base. So, the addition of two galvanizing facility will allow Columbus to serve these existing customers along with new customers in the region. This expansion will also reduce Columbus's exposure to the more cyclical hot-roll market, which will result in higher and less volatile through-cycle earnings. Construction of the line as planned will take place during the next 24 months with operations beginning mid-year 2020. Additionally, during the next 2 years, we plan to make additional investments at Columbus to upgrade certain mines and hot strip mill capability to further enhance and stabilize profitability with continued product diversification and process efficiency gains. Investments will increase Columbus's range of complex grade capabilities and will improve the process control needed to produce the best high strength steel grades used in the automotive industry and elsewhere. These new investments extend Columbus's strategies to diversify its value added capabilities. A recent 2017 paint line addition provides 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and diversification to some of our highest margin products. Complementing our two existing paint lines in Indiana, this line is the state-of-the-art facility producing high quality HVAC, appliance, and double-wide steel. This location also facilitates lower cost logistics for the Southern U.S. and Mexican markets. The Columbus paint line has been ramping up nicely, and had 90% run rate this past quarter. We're also investing in our long product steel operations, improving construction in industrial markets, coupled with the execution of some of these initiatives resulted in increased capacity utilization of our long product steel nodes in the second quarter to just over 90%. As a reminder, we have three specific organic initiatives to increase the utilization of our Structural Rail Division. First, we are growing the production of SBQ quality blooms to send to our Engineer Bar division, which needs blooms to fully utilize its rolling capability. This improves through-cycle utilization at both facilities. With over 43,000 tons of blooms shipped in the second quarter, we are well on our way to the anticipated annual transfer of over 200,000 tons. Secondly, this year, we further diversified our Structural Divisions product offerings to include large angles. The team is just beginning sales with a plan to eventually sell 100,000 tons annually. Lastly our $75 million investment to utilize excess melting and casting capability there is on schedule from first quarter of 2019. Expansion will further diversify our product portfolio and market sector exposure through the annual production of 240,000 of reinforcing bar, which will include spooled, custom, cut-to-length and smooth bar. Ancillary bar business model just substantially enhanced the current supply chain, providing meaningful logistic yield and working capital benefits for the customer. In addition, we will do the large independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region. In aggregate, these three initiatives provide a material improvement in future through-cycle utilization and profitability at this facility. We also recently invested $38 million at our Roanoke Bar Division to utilize the excess melting and casting capabilities. We've added equipment to allow the multi-stand slitting and rebar finishing of 200,000 tons per year. Similar to our Midwest investment, we expect a strong market penetration as we will be one of the largest independent producers of rebar in the middle Atlantic region. Commission of this equipment is underway, the plan is to increase rebar sales through second half of 2018 to 80% to 90% run rate. Steel platform teams are doing a great job and with the completion of the half than the acquisition a few weeks ago, we now have well over $12 million tons of annual shipping capability. We believe this acquisition will result in numerous future and benefits with the Heartland's current operations and to our broader Midwest flat roll group. Heartland is acquitted with a continuous pick line, a cold mill and a galvanizing line. Equivalent is fully upgraded and is in excellent operating condition. Historically, Heartland was operated at low utilization rates, focusing on galvanized steel. We plan to focus on a full breath of products including very light gauge sheet, our operating expertise, product market familiarity and a geographic proximity of our existing Midwest flat roll operations allows for meaningful value creation. Consistent with our strategy to differentiate ourselves and grow through product diversification, Heartland provides wider and lighter gauge product capability, diversifying our Midwest products in end markets. We are familiar with the market and customer base. Due to continued addition of value added capabilities at our Butler Flat Roll division, weve displaced some of our customers that can now be supplied by Heartland. Heartland also provide pull-through volume. We plan to supply some of Heartland's required steel substrate from our Butler Flat Roll division, increasing through-cycle profitability at both locations. Heartland also improved Butler's cold mill productivity. We plan to have our lighter gauge flat roll that is made at Heartland, which will increase Butler's cold mill productivity. Lighter gauge products require more time to run and Heartland is better equipped to make these gauges. In whole, Heartland provides the unique margin enhancing opportunities to Steel Dynamics, based on our value added focus Midwest Flat Roll locations. We're excited to begin the immigration and value creation and once again welcome the Heartland family to the SDI family, so well have a great time. Our metals recycling platform, also delivered a solid performance, higher domestic steel mill utilization supported improved ferrous shipments. Prime scrap flows has been steady. And we don't expect that to change. Export of obsolete scrap should remain moderate, and as we also expect obsolete scrap flows to continue to improve, resulting in stable scrap prices for the remainder of the year. We believe there is more than adequate scrap supply to address higher domestic steel mill utilization rates. The fabrication platform also delivered a solid performance with second quarter shipments at near record levels. However high steel import cost more than offset the improved average sales price in higher shipments. Our overall backlog will remain strong. The ongoing strength for this business and continued customer optimism is a solid indicator that the non-residential construction market is continuing to grow. We remain confident, the market conditions are in place to benefit domestic steel consumption throughout the rest of this year. Domestic steel inventory levels remain reasonably balanced and imports will be under control. Based on strong domestic steel demand fundamentals and customer optimism, we believe steel consumption will continue to be strong throughout the year providing higher levels of metal utilization and extended lead times. In combination with our expansion initiatives, we believe there are firm drivers for our continued growth through 2018 into 2019. I'd like to also comment on the actions the U.S. Federal Government has recently made to restore financial health for the domestic steel industry, thereby providing a sustainable long term support to the U.S. manufacturing base. We support their attempt to create a more leveled playing field for the domestic steel producers and we have seen positive change. The industry continues to invest and create new jobs. We believe there has also been a market increase in the utilization of existing steel facilities. In particular, utilization of U.S. Flat Roll facilities has risen to [80%] to 85%. Steel companies are increasing jobs and weigh this across the country. Specific to SDI, our business model and execution of our long term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position to a strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer's focus coupled with market diversification and low cost operating platforms supports our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance in differentiation. The Company and team always will continue organic transactional growth. Our team provides the foundation for our success and I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and their commitment and remind them again safety is our first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our Company, our customers, our employees, and our shareholders alike. And look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us in the years ahead. So again, thank you for your time today. And Melissa, we'd love to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry: Couple from me on Heartland and then one on just capital management as well. Specifically on Heartland, the $50 million to $60 million EBITDA guidance, does that include the synergies of the logistical savings in the pull-through volumes that you've talked about?
Mark Millett: No. I believe that will be the kind of the earnings rate of the facility onto itself. Time will tell, I think the number of synergies is quite extensive. As we looked at the investment premise for Heartland, they're modest facilitated synergies and strength. Obviously we're adding that volume and earnings without adding domestic capacity of 350,000 tons of coded capability there. The nameplate for the cold mill is around about 1 million tons. We're anticipating somewhere around 800,000 tons though as again as we said in the prepared notes our focus is on the lighter gauge products through the node. So, I think we'll be ramping up to 800,000 tons of all through 2019 into midyear. So I think its great additional volume. Its diversifying our product mix. Its a 72-inch wide facility. Its capable of loader gate substrates. Well be able through purchase of substrate from other producers, get into different grades and to keep going grades for the other market for instance. There were meaningful operational benefits. It gives us great sort of flexibility and optionality as we integrated with couple of flat roll facility. And it will give us a substantial pull through volume. Our intent is to be drawing about 300,000 tons thereabouts from Butler into the facility. And processing the remaining substrate from others and that will actually gives us sort of leverage on our steel facility were going to be fine when you consider New Millennium side of business and attacks where well find somewhere between 1.5 and 2 million tons of substrate there. I dont think you can overlook the exact pull through volume. The through-cycle earnings generation will be a huge kind for us.
Chris Terry: Just one other one on Heartland, seems to have plans to double the galvanizing capacity for about 80 million. Given your Columbus galvanizing line, where is that fit or do you still have plans down the track or is that something youll just evaluate with time?
Mark Millett: As Theresa suggested we only closed on June 29, the day after my birthday incidentally. But again were still absorbing a solid integration of that facility. I think we look at Heartland as certainly being a growth platform either downstream or back to the hot side or both with time.
Chris Terry: And then just a final one just on the capital management, you got about 50 million less to the 450 million buyback program, any more guidance on capital allocation or how are you looking at M&A and just the use of cash flow at this point?
Theresa Wagler: While as it relates to buyback program Chris, it's really been a valuable tool for us and so as we get to the point where we extinguish the remainder of that program, well take a look at where we stand on both from a transactional perspective and organic perspective and add that back to the toolbox if it makes sense to utilize that and so well be addressing our consignment surely in the coming third quarter.
Mark Millett: I think obviously were blessed with an incredibly strong balance sheet and our through-cycle cash generation profile I think will remain incredibly strong. It allows us kind of having a very balanced cash allocation approach. So we will review that at the end of that program. We obviously will continue to evaluate our dividend profile against the through cycle cash generation and would hope that well continue the positive profile that we demonstrated in the past then to return some value to the shareholder. We're still squarely focused on growth both organically I think we outlined a lot of the opportunities that are in progress today and will give us significant value going forward. And the team has demonstrated for the last 25 years and well continue to demonstrate our ability to sweep a lot more ahead of the existing assets. But then also from a transactional side its quite plus its just a crazy world but the pipeline is full. There are more opportunities and probably we can handle currently, so its a good issue to have. And I think those opportunities have significant potential strategic fit and also the significant size opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Korn: Congratulations on the several records over the quarter. I saw a really strong pop and long products in the Structural and Rail and Mark you talked about a little bit. But are you ahead of schedule with some of those capacity utilization issues there? I would like to apply similar questions over an Engineered Bar Roanoke given the volume performance. What I am getting at is, are those sustainable totals plus or minus in seasonality provided the underlying markets continues as they are?
Mark Millett: I believe so, you certainly have increased market demand. You had year-over-year I think structural imports were down 20%, 22% or thereabouts recognizing a lot of that is rebar which obviously plays well into our strategy to get into that marketplace. The team though has done I think a magnificent job diversifying the product mix, getting into new market niche opportunities. If you look at - I know its small but the galvanizing line is installed at steel West Virginia. I think it's maxed - its wide open and it gives that mill sort of diversification and the ability to run at high rates even in this market today. I do believe its sustainable. Those environments continue to grow from a demand perspective. Were seeing huge growth at the SBQ mill in Pittsboro. As a reminder, we installed additional capability back three years five years from that. Yes, but it never had a steel consuming market to really exploit or leverage that additional capacity. And the team is literally out there and is gaining market share and doing a great job. So I think long products is in great shape. It continue to grow and additional not only volumes are increasing but if look at the spreads in long products particularly structural for the last three or four years its been a year-over-year contraction, thats reversed its a positive market environment. The spreads are expanding so well get in the advantage of both volume and spread.
Theresa Wagler: And I think its important to add to that you mentioned the project. The project actually arent ahead of schedule and the ones that we're expecting to be initiated including the rebar project at Roanoke has started. But the one real significant project which help increase the volume at the structural and rail division even more is the additional rebar project which weve talked about not coming online and beginning of 2019. And so you still have a volume impact that's coming as well, not just market related but actual volume and diversification.
Matthew Korn: So this is really a matter of capacity utilization as opposed to anything added to the denominator?
Theresa Wagler: At this point, yes.
Matthew Korn: So let me flip that over  it's very helpful, thank you. Let me put this over in the flat side because weve seen spreads over hot-rolled coil for value added flats compressive substantially in recent months as hot-rolled coil availability is tightened. And Mark you pointed out the cyclicality there. So whats your assumption for a long-term price differential among the value added cheap products there. Whether those the ones you are embedding in your Heartland numbers or when youre doing your projected return for is the new gal line. Whats there do you think through cycle.
Theresa Wagler: So well get into the details but what I will tell you is that were not using the records first as we seen in the last call it 2016, 2017, 2018 were using a longer term average for that spread.
Matthew Korn: Got it. I appreciate it.
Mark Millett: But from a market perspective I think we suggested several calls when the spreads between hot-rolled cold and coated and coated sheet went up to 200 I think - 220 that we felt that it was a case of hot rolled coil lagging. It wasnt the case of coated being excessive. Obviously with the trade constraints, important constraints hot rolled coil is come up to the coated and surpassed really the historical levels. We would imagine that over time with again with some control in imports that historical spread would be restored.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: I just want to follow up on the discussion of the new galvanizing capacity, cold rolling capacity, that you're adding that others have been adding, also that OCTG restrictions and even some of the dumping cases irrespective of Section 232 are kind of tightening the hot roll market. What you think it takes for you to decide to add any flat roll capacity and what kind of conditions would you need to see for that investment decision?
Mark Millett: I think obviously, you're right, Timna. The market is very positive, such huge momentum. Hot roll coil sector is very tight and will continue to be for some time and I believe that you're going to have some new hot roll capacity coming out little bit of this mingle junction capacities are going to bring some more capacity on, but that's going to be more than absorbed by this continued growth in demand and the notion of imports. I think from the standpoint of greenfield investment, our preference obviously is to grow through existing capacity and not add capacity to the marketplace, first and foremost. That being said, I think it's only prudent for us as we evaluate opportunities, transact more opportunities. We do so out of diligence, calibrate that against greenfield and the respectful return that one may get from that.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to separately ask a little bit about cost pressures, and although obviously a really strong quarter, just curious about what was embedded in that just for go-forward regarding specific cost pressures? I think from electrodes, freight and labor would be maybe the key incremental cost, if you don't mind, can you tell me little bit more what you saw there?
Theresa Wagler: Timna, with respect to electrodes, I think we mentioned on the last quarter's call that we expected electrodes to be up in the second quarter, an additional $4 per ton, and that would be I think a good range to assume. On the labor, a reminder is that we're very much variable as the Company extends compensation. And so labor impact on a percentage increase basis and isn't anything that it really as no at this point in time. And as always to freight, a lot of our freight is a pass-through and actually the freight on a per ton basis I can't tell you if it's meaningfully higher or not, I don't know if Barry, Glenn, or Chris, may have a different perspective?
Mark Millett: Well, we're definitely seeing higher freight cost that are dashing through the system. It's in the view related to various quarter as we ship but is definitely pressure across the industry to move things back and forth. We're seeing all the way from scrap to finished good shipments. This point is concerning but it's manageable to supply.
Glenn Pushis: And really the freight impact versus only on the raw material input size, the consuming base takes up the train on the cold shipping.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Just looking at your fabrication business, obviously your business came under good margin pressure in the course of Q2 given the rise in input costs. Could you just comment on the outlook for continued strong demand in order intake? How long should it take for you to be able to better pass on these raw materials costs to customers and where margins recover? And then on top that, if you can talk a little about the order backlog, how has that progressed over recent months, and are you seeing an acceleration or deceleration of demand trends going into H2? Thank you.
Chris Graham: Yes, we do see that we are - the team is making strides against raw material increases. We are closing the gap, the width to your point with that. Unable to garner everything that we've been exposed to, particularly since November to January time period where prices went up literally $200 a ton, and some of our products we make with both merchant and flat roll and some of the merchant and flat roll relationships had swung on that magnitude of $350 a ton over the last 6 months. But the team is - we do have evidence that the team is able to get some pricing. We expect that if we get out of our facility of the first half of the year on steel pricing, we see any kind of settling, 3 to 6 months we were able to start recruiting that, the demand is such that we do believe we'll be able to get the kind of pricing we need to eventually catch up and it still weighs out for us. Theresa, is that first statement?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, no, it's very well said. We've got increased pricing even in the second quarter on adjacent backside. We don't expect demand to support backfilling into third quarter as well. So much of it, if you remember Seth they have 8 to 12 weeks from the time they close to the time they ship. That takes some time, so I would expect some of the compression in the third quarter as well.
Mark Millett: As far as demands at, we continue to see elevated levels of quarter activities that support further growth. Warehouse and industrial sectors remain in a big growth mode and make up the lion's share of the industry shipments these days. Resale construction continues to lag the other sectors with the exception of the discount retailer and dollar stores, they're still in a good growth mode. Again, quarter activity remains robust. The industry is off pace to talk about that, the industry is on pace to book around 1.2 million tons this year in the joint industry. That would represent the highest annual bookings since 2008. So, I think the team is positioned well there executing in a fairly tough environment from a cost standpoint and as they make headway against that, we'll see continued improved results.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cleveland Rueckert with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Cleveland Rueckert: I just wanted to follow up on the long volumes as mentioned they were very sharply quarter, that roughly is 30% year-over-year increase. Do you have those bridge how much came from the end market growth, how much M&A and then how much from market share gain?
Theresa Wagler: So, from a long side perspective, we didn't have year-over-year, we haven't had any significant M&A. All we did was add maybe 80,000 tons of capability annual rate on the finishing side of SBQ. We didn't see really anything from a transactional perspective. From the perspective of organic growth project, again, as I mentioned them, the rebar project, we all know is actually just getting started now. So that year-over-year change also is not really related to any organic type of expansion. It really is mostly market driven and from the perspective of whether that share or not, one can jump in, I would suggest that. There is market share gains on the beam side and on the SBQ side. I'm not sure about any other specific pull out.
Chris Graham: Of all those including Rails were strong this year also. So, we're getting more Rail trades per month off of roll mine. So, also Structural SBQ and Rail have been stronger this year and showing some market demand.
Theresa Wagler: So, we're feeling pretty optimistic, how we make the second half of the year related to construction demands both from the perspective of what we're seeing on the long product side as well as Chris's commentary on fabrication.
Cleveland Rueckert: I guess and just maybe to clarify, you did mention that structural imports are down by 20% to 22%. So, do you have any idea how much the market is up versus the share gains you're achieving from lower imports?
Mark Millett: Just for clarity, the 22% year-over-year down is not just structural, it's long product, its general.
Theresa Wagler: Most of that is rebar.
Mark Millett: Most of that is rebar, yes.
Cleveland Rueckert: I guess my question is, how much is the end market growth versus how much are you taking share of import?
Theresa Wagler: Cleave, Im not sure that we're able to answer that question specifically right at the moment, but it's our gut and we know lot of the momentum is really happening within the end markets itself, although imports have obviously been impactful.
Barry Schneider: And the confusion there really is mostly in fabricated steel versus what's coming in from structural. Structural, we see coming out of the country is down but we're looking at the fabricated structural is increasing or steady last year is slightly increasing. So its hard to get a handle on both those props.
Cleveland Rueckert: Have confidence that the end market is growing which has been like youre getting a double benefit.
Mark Millett: Yes absolutely and its been growing for the last few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Piyush Sood with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Piyush Sood: Just a quick one from me. There were major reports that youd agree to acquire Kentucky Electric Steel. Just wanted to check if they are accurate and if so better understand the rationality opportunity and the timeline for the restart over there?
Mark Millett: I would put it in the classification of plan, acquisition right now we havent closed on it although its looking favorable. Its not a mass entity relative to - more global scope. We will have a 200,000 tons of rolling capability principally flat and the flat bars that so it gives us some solid diversification. Our intent is not currently to start-up the half side it just to better utilize our steel West Virginia and our Roanoke billet capacity. So the good thing its one of the improved - again improve the through-cycle utilization and earnings profile of those two facilities down there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Gambardella: Just want to ask you a theoretical question. If you would give us a rough ballpark answer to this one. If you look at the current todays spot steel prices and scrap prices and there were no lags and they were fully realized in the second quarter results how much higher is your profits have been in the second quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Well they would have been meaningfully higher and the reason that would be is because if you look at the spot differential it had currently it would be higher than our average unless specific they are flat roll they had nothing to do long product. So it would be higher than the average and we have 6% of our book today at Butler and Columbus were basically hired the contract. And so that lagging in every two or three months. And that will have an impacted the second quarter regardless of volume and mix and so youll see some of what would be current force, so we have been made you into light spot spreads hitting the third quarter this year as we move forward 50% of that. So there is an impact but I can what will I guess I should say quantify that.
Michael Gambardella: And then second question, you're expanding into rebar presence particularly in the Midwest and Mid Atlantic before the tariffs went into effect I believe Turkey had about 12% market share in the U.S. rebar business. And what are you seeing from Turkey now that the tariffs are in existence?
Mark Millett: Its a marginal or negligible I would suggest. So its quite timely that were bringing the Roanoke facility on. I wish Columbus city will be come along tomorrow as well but thats not the case.
Michael Gambardella: So were most of the Turkish imports penetrating on the Mid-Atlantic and spreading out to the Midwest or where do you see a lot of the presence in the Turkish?
Mark Millett: Youre exactly right, Mid Atlantic is going two points higher than the Midwest.
Chris Graham: If we havent been in the rebar market in the sort of solid Midwest to really get a feel, our small amount of rebar production has been at Roanoke and thats Mid Atlantic and thats where we've seen the pressure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Phil Gibbs: Theresa do you have the sheet mix for the quarter handy?
Theresa Wagler: I do Phil, I am sorry, I made you ask. I didnt flip that page. Hot rolled and P&O for the second quarter the shipments were 915,000 tons for cold roll and it was 135,000 tons and for coated it was 774,000 tons.
Phil Gibbs: And any signs so just we can understand where the paint line ramp is within that coated mix how much of that was paint any color you all can provide there?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so the Indiana lines have been running pretty full and thats not the differential but I think we are speaking about is the ramp at the Columbus paint line and its actually ramped up quite well. So shipments in the second quarter were around 90% to 95% of their shipping capacity on painted.
Phil Gibbs: So you all are pretty much at your painted capacity at this point?
Theresa Wagler: For the second quarter yes.
Phil Gibbs: And just second question from me is just on SBQ. Certainly very strong quarter-over-quarter growth in volume. Just trying to understand how much of that is called as finished hot rolled bar versus billet trying to see most billet substrates just trying to understand how much greater participation the domestics you might be having in that supply chain right now given all the trade for dynamics and the strength in the energy markets?
Mark Millett: Clearly the billets - because this one portion is billets have been stable through the year so that where we didnt grow much. Our growth is in the smaller diameter bars and the cold finished market and hence our expansion into our all finishing facility and were penetrating automotive with some of the smaller sizes and the billets. The supply of that are coming from Columbia City plant, which helped the utilization of the mills out there.
Phil Gibbs: Glenn are you seeing generally increased market penetration for SBQ within automotive in general not just the production rates but is there more content growth over time?
Glenn Pushis: Yes, thats what we are seeing. Automotive appears to be strong again next year with 17 million bill rate being projected. Class A trucks are heavy, heavy, heavy right now wide open. So were penetrating those markets very successfully.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Tumazos: As you increased the volume, will you continue to source the steel from third-party mills or from your own mills. I guess there is wild demand for steel and as a core were at, would Heartland be a base load for another steel dynamics flat rolled mill. One company is talking about Brownfield Texas and another one about gas strip on the West Coast. Or is it just for two addition convenient the Granite City is reopening to blast furnaces and the old wheeling Pittsburgh, Steubenville has 40,000 tons of scrap already to go?
Mark Millett: Well the substrate supply John to Heartland from Butler and it principally be for Butler is planned to be somewhere around 300,000 tons. That will expand and contract depending on strength of the market and elsewhere. So we will be continuing relationships with third-parties. As I said earlier were already buying early in 1.2 million, 1.3 million tons so that would take our procurement up to almost 2 million tons. So thats not something new for us and hopefully will give us a little bit of leverage in the marketplace but well still continue to maintain those good relationships weve had. Relative to hot production again as I said Heartland in our mind provides a growth opportunity whether that will be downstream or upstream and there is ability to install hot capacity there if we deem that to be a good investment.
John Tumazos: If I could ask a follow-up, was the 2 million tons of purchases would that make you something like the 8th largest steel buyer in the United States?
Mark Millett: I dont know where it puts us but its a significant player on the procurement side yes.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing comments.
Mark Millett: Well again would like to thank you for your time and your support of our company. I think our future is incredibly rosy. Its good to be in the steel business today as even better to be in the steel business as STI. I think the demand profile the market profile and momentum is going to continue through the rest of this year into 2019 and I think were going to have fun. So thank you all. So our employees, thanks for all you do. And remember be safe each and every day. Thank you all. Bye, bye.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Mark Millett - President & CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Russ Rinn - EVP, Metals Recycling Operations Chris Graham - VP, Steel Fabrication Operations, Downstream Manufacturing Group Glenn Pushis - SVP, Steel Operations, Long Private Steel Group Barry Schneider - SVP, Flat Roll Steel Group
Analysts: Novid Rassouli - Cowen Matthew Korn - Goldman Sachs Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank Brett Levy - Seelaus & Company Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies David Gagliano - BMO Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris Olin - Longbow Andreas Bokkenheuser - UBS John Tumazos - Very Independent Research Charles Bradford - Bradford Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 19, 2018 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Christine. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics first quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Private Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning; they are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports First Quarter 2018 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. As always, we truly appreciate your time this morning and look forward to sharing our great start to the year. The entire SDI team drove an exceptional safety and operational performance. And event at 25 years, our innovative spirit prevails. Butler, our very first steel facility is still achieving a new record or new record production levels as are the Columbus, Structural and Rail and Engineered Bar divisions. We also received recognition from the Steel Manufacturers Association for last year's safety performance at our Columbus, Structural and Rail, Roanoke Bar and Techs Steel divisions, so congratulations to all the folks. But to begin this morning, Theresa will comment in more detail about our first quarter results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for your time today. I also want to thank the team for safe and incredible first quarter performance. Our first quarter 2018 net income was $228 million or $0.96 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $201 million or $0.82 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2017 and $305 million or $1.28 per diluted share in sequential fourth quarter. Excluding the one-time tax benefit in the fourth quarter and refinancing cost, the fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $0.54. Our results were above guidance of between $0.88 to $0.92 per share due-to-higher than expectation March flat roll production and shipment. The Butler and Columbus team truly executed at exceptionally high level, each exceeding monthly production records in March. We achieved record revenues of $2.6 million in the first quarter driven by our steel operations. Operating income increased 65% to $323 million compared to the fourth quarter, a solid performance by everyone, although the steel platform drove the increase. For the first quarter 2017, steel shipments increased 7% sequentially to a record 2.5 million tons with growth achieved at each division across the platform. Steel metal spreads expanded meaningfully as our average quarterly sales price increased $61 to $822 per ton and our average scrap cost consumed only increased $21 to $321 per ton. The result was first quarter steel operating income of $338 million, a sequential 65% improvement. For our metals recycling platform, ferrous metal spread improved in the first quarter with a 7% increased in shipments related to higher domestic steel mill utilization, resulting in operating income of $28 million, a 24% improvement sequentially. We are effectively levering the strength of our vertically integrated model, which benefits both the steel mills and the scrap operations. The metals recycling group shipped 65% of their ferrous scrap to our own steel mills, increasing scrap quality, mill efficiency and reducing working capital requirement. First quarter 2018 operating income for our fabrication operations decreased slightly to $20 million as improved average selling value were more than offset by seasonally lower shipments. The March order backlog is strong and higher than it was at this time last year. This coupled with customer optimism supports our belief in continued demand strength in 2018. However, higher raw material field costs are likely to significantly compress margins in the second quarter of this year. During the first quarter 2018, we generated cash flow from operations of $178 million. Operational working capital grew 199 million, based on overall market improvement resulting in higher customer account and inventory values. Additionally, there are several annual payments made in the first quarter of each year such as company-wide profit sharing and annual performance-based incentive compensation which this year required cash payment of over $130 million in the quarter. First quarter capital investments were $51 million. We currently estimate full year 2018 capital investments to be in the range of $250 million. We increased cash dividends by 21% in the first quarter. This follows increases of 11%, 2% and 20% in '17, '16 and '15 respectively, demonstrating our confidence in the strength of our through-cycle cash generation. We also repurchased $69 million of our common stock during the first quarter and have $103 still available pursuant to the $450 million board authorized program, which we initiated in October 2016. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. We maintain liquidity as $2.2 billion of March 31, 2018 with $1 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.2 million is available funding under our revolving credit facility. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with the strong credit and capital structure profile provides meaningful opportunity for continued organic and transactional growth. We are squarely positioned for the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. And for those of you that track our flat roll shipments by type, in the first quarter, we had shipments for hot-rolled and P&O of 875,000 tons. We had cold-rolled shipments of 134,000 tons and we had coated which includes both galvanized, Galvalume, and painted products of 734,000 tons. Thank you, Mark?
Mark Millett: Superb. Thank you, Theresa. Well safety is and always will be in the fabric of our company our number one priority. During the quarter, we've reduced the total recordable injury rate a further 14% as compared before the year 2017 with the 84% of our locations achieving zero recordable injuries. The team really is doing a great job and you have my sincere appreciation. But as I do every day, I challenge all of us to remain focused and to keep moving towards our ultimate goal of zero injuries everywhere. The steel platform executed extremely well, achieving record quarterly shipment. As mentioned, several divisions attained record production and shipping records. We also continue to develop new product capabilities adding to one of the most diversified and value-added product portfolios in the industry. As a result, we operated at the utilization rate of 94% during the first quarter, once again markedly better than the domestic industry rate of 76%. With 11.4 million of annual shipping capability, we still have 1.2 million tons of annual latent capacity to sell as the markets continue to strengthen. Domestic still consumption remains strong in the automotive and construction sectors, while energy and general industrial demand continue to grow. The automotive sector is not turned over as some expected with the current 2018 growth expectations for both the U.S. and Mexico, more than offsetting any possible contraction in Canada. We continue to gain automotive market share at the Columbus Flat Roll division, driven by a focus on automotive direct sales and leveraging our cost advantage related to free costs into Mexico. As mentioned on the January call, increased demand for special bar quality steel also continues, which supports our belief in the broader industrial sector momentum. In fact, our Engineered Bar Products Division achieved record quarterly shipment level, and we have some 200,000 of additional capacity yet to leverage as demand grows. We continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future through the new investment and our existing operations, a few notable investments occurred in 2017 which will continue to show incremental benefits in the coming year. An $18 million investment to add bit galvanizing capacity in our Steel of West Virginia plant started up in September as this value-added service is ramping up very, very well, a $15 million investment that upgraded our Butler Flat Roll Division's galvanizing line while also adding 180,000 of value-added coating capacity. The $100 million investment in the new paint line at our Columbus Flat Roll division began operating in the first quarter of 2017. The line provides 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and diversification into some of our highest margin products. Complementing our two existing paint lines in Indiana, this line is state-of-the-art facility producing high-quality HVAC, appliance and double-wide steel. This location facilitates lower costs logistics for the Southern U.S. and Mexico markets. Columbus ship 36,000 tons of painted products in the first quarter of 2018 and the team is on track to be running at 90% capacity by mid-year 2018. Columbus continues to be significant earnings catalyst and I believe the changes have been transformation and there is still more to come. We would expect production gains, continued value-add product mixed shifts and additional cost savings. The successful market and product diversification achieved over the last three years is one the key differentiators for our improved through cycle profitability. Relative to long products, the improving construction and industrial markets coupled with our organic initiatives resulted in increased capacity utilization of our long product steel mills to 80% for the quarter. We have three specific organic initiatives to increase the through-cycle utilization at our Structural and Rail Division. First, we are growing the production of SBQ quality blooms to send to our Engineered Bar division, which currently is still short and needs blooms to fully utilize its rolling capability. This will improve through-cycle utilization of both facilities. During the first quarter, the team shipped over 36,000 tons, an annual run rate of 144,000 tons for year, which is well on our way to the anticipated transfer of over 200,000 tons in our recently strong SBQ market environment. Second this year, we further diversified the product offerings to include large equal and unequal length angles. We plan to eventually sell 100,000 tons annually, but were just entering these markets. Third, we are investing $75 million to utilize existing access melting and casting capability there. The expansion will further diversify our product portfolio and market exposure through the annual production of 240,000 tons of reinforcing bar, which will include spooled, custom cut-to-length and smooth bar. Our intended business model should substantially enhance the current supply chain, providing meaningful logistic yield and working capital benefits to the customer. In addition, we will be the largest independent rebar supplier to the Midwest region. Were on schedule to begin operations there in the first quarter 2019. In aggregate, these three initiatives provide over 500,000 tons of additional annual shipping capability at the Structural and Rail Division. It will provide a material improvement in future through-cycle utilization and profitability. Weve also investing $38 million to utilize excess melting and casting capability at our Roanoke Bar Division. Weve added equipment to allow multi-stand slitting and rebar finishing of 200,000 annual tons. Similar to our Mid-West investment, we expect to have strong market penetration as we will be one of the largest independent producers of rebar in the mid-Atlantic region. But atypically, the project was delayed by several months due to some design and equipment issues. However, equipment commission is now in process and the team plans to begin selling products in June. Our metals recycling platform also had a strong quarter. Higher domestic steel mill utilization supported improved ferrous shipments and metal spread expansion. Prime scrap flows has been steady. And with a solid automotive build, we dont expect that to change. With better weather, we also expect obsolete scrap flows to improve. Good supply, coupled with a weak export environment, should sustain stable pricing as the year progresses and we believe there is more than adequate scrap supply to address the higher domestic steel mill utilization rates. The fabrication platform also delivered a solid performance, although profitability marginally decreased from seasonally lower shipments. Our order backlog remained strong heading into the summer construction season. The ongoing strength for this business and continues customer optimism is a solid indicator that the non-residential construction market is continuing to grow. Our fabrication operations continue to purchase steel from our own steel mills and the power of pull-through volume when we source steel internally from our own mills as a significant catalyst for a higher through-cycle steel utilization rates. This pull-through strategy remains one of our focuses for ongoing growth. We remain confident that market conditions were in place to benefit domestic steel consumption throughout the year. Domestic steel inventory levels remain reasonably balances, where steel demand and pricing have improved. Based on strong domestic steel demand fundamentals and customer optimism, we believe improving steel consumption will continue during the year. We also believe recent trade actions will result and reduced imports later coming months despite the first quarter uptick driven by temporarily exempted countries pushing in material prior to the May 1st deadline. Additionally, we believe tax reform will provide a stimulus for addition success at investment and growth. In combination with our expansion initiatives, we believe these are firm drivers for our growth in 2018. Our business model and execution of our long term strategy continues to strength our financial position through a strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification and low-cost operating platforms supports our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance differentiation and has provided an enviable balance sheet. The Company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. It is the team, our team that provides the foundation for our success and I thank each of them for their hard work and commitment and remind them safety is always our first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our customers for our company, employees and shareholders are like and look forward to creating new opportunities for us all in the years ahead. So again, thank you for your time today. And Christine, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first comes from the line of Novid Rassouli with Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Novid Rassouli: I first wanted to touch on Section 232 on imports. So given that all -- to my understanding, given that all exemptions with respect to 232 expire on May 1st, I guess excluding South Korea given the new agreement there, the market could extremely tight in the near term. Can you give us a sense of how this is impacting your customers, order book or the conversation that you're having with customers on this topic?
Mark Millett: Novid, I think there is a sense of surprising comments right at the second. I would suggest, the order book obviously and the order input rate is strong, but no one is really panic of it. I do believe that you're correct, that there will be some tightness both from restraints on the flat rolled side and also the restraints on the imported pipe and tube, which will certainly tighten the hot-rolled coil market substantially.
Novid Rassouli: And then just to follow up. On Engineered Bar, we saw nice uplift, up 12% quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, it was a record quarter there. Can you speak to the drivers of that move and maybe the diameters where you're seeing the strength, utilization rates and your outlook for that business for the remainder of 2018?
Mark Millett: Glenn, can give you the details on the product ranges and those sorts of things. I would say, just hopefully the marketplace there is very, very strong in all segments, agriculture, perhaps not so much. But in manufacturing, general industrial consumption, off-road equipment is strong, tractor, trailer build is strong. Energy obviously has returned with surprising speed and continues to strengthen there. So I think, generally, all the market sectors are showing great promise continued both strength and youve seen uptick in pricing here recently. And so, its for us to me its kind of a bellwether of the steel consuming environment, and its a very healthy one right now. So Glenn, on sizes and things?
Glenn Pushis: Mark, I think thats well put. Were driving more into the automotive, which is the new mill that Barry and his team installed years ago. Were adding some capacity to our bar finishing and inspection arena and that bodes well for automotive. And were seeing those mostly in the smaller sizes 2 5/8 smaller, which is driven by the automotive. But youre exactly correct heavy truck and trailer, mining, construction theyre all strong right now.
Mark Millett: As a reminder to everyone, we obviously put in an expansion about two years ago now on the smaller diameter bar stock of about 250,000 tons to take that facility up to 950,000 tons of annual capability. So the present sort of marketing environment is now allowing us to fully capitalize on that. As I said earlier, we have 200,000 tons of available shipping capacity there, thats being aided by a great job at the Structural mill and improving and getting their blooms into SBQ Engineered Bar quality status. And that will increase up to, as we say about 200,000 tons of annualize rate here in the coming months.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, just for clarification, the total capacity of the facility is 950,000 tons per year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Korn: Looking back over your historicals, 2011, 2016, you all averaged EBITDA margin, I think, it was just over 9%. I think thats my calculations. The last couple of years, you reached 14%, 15%. Last 12 months shade under 14%. And I think we all, here, expect your profitability to widen nicely as you harvest the price over these next couple of quarters and then youre also getting all the investments weve talked about, the new capabilities youre making. So Mark, what would make you happy as to, what type of margin level you think you could achieve over time once youre in place, once the expansions capability and capacity there. And barring that, like what metric would you look at? Is the per ton operating income? Where would you be happy that youve achieved what you think the potential of the complex is?
Mark Millett: Well, as the team sitting around the table would suggest, Im never happy so probably at any level. But at one time when we were just a company of steel mills in a very strong market, our margins were mid to upper-20s, and I think to get back there would be a good step.
Matthew Korn: Alright, fair enough, maybe then the question for Russ. Russ, are you surprised at all that scrap hasn't moved higher than it has given the pricing trends? Look now in hot-rolled and in shredded, I think from 450 a short ton, and you look at recent history of that around 300-325. What's the limiting factor than the upside? Why wouldn't the strong tags been more of an upward pull? Is that export weakness or something else going on?
Russell Rinn: No, Matt. Yes, I think you get it from ahead. I think predominantly the export market has waned here this fall or the starting last fall and continuing on in this spring. That's been the one driver here. There is certainly there is enough scrap in the U.S. to support the higher levels of production, but again without the export draw, it's kind of kept a cap on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Terry: Just interested in how customers are looking at the pricing dynamics as the prices have moved up. Are you seeing any reluctant on the buying? Are they waiting at all for potential corrections? Or are they just accepting at the price at this point based on the order book that you're seeing?
Mark Millett: No, as I said, I think generally there really is a calmness and a balance out there. And there certainly is an acceptance at this moment of time. As we mentioned coming May 1st or there about if the market would to turn dramatically that could change. And I think through the year with the demand growth that we're seeing and the just the fundamentals in the marketplace and with the expectation the imports that we'll receive in the summer months, I think there is a longevity for sure at the pricing levels that we see today. And I think more importantly it's just not a matter of prices as you recognized where our margin business. And I think with that pricing resilience on the sell-side and to the Russ's point, we see stability in the raw material side and the scrap market side. So, I think the earnings profile is going to be attractive for the rest of the year.
Chris Terry: On the last quarterly call, you spoke quite a lot about potential M&A opportunities. Can you just go through the last three months and how that's changed? And how you're looking at the world from here?
Mark Millett: I don't think anything has changed. I think the pipeline of opportunities is still there. There are opportunities that the team is working diligently on. As we said in the past, we are taking a great disciplined approach. We're not going to be impatient or impulsive in anyway just because we had a very strong balance sheet. But the expectation will be that we will have transactional growth to complement the organic growth that we've already stated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Seelaus & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Bretty Levy: You're gaining market share in automotive. Clearly, this Cliffs' plant coming up in Toledo, which is right on the Indiana border. Can you kind of talk about the opportunities as you see it and kind of what the discussion level has been between you and obviously, this new plant that is coming up to improve potentially your feedstock in terms of like market opportunities for Steel Dynamics?
Mark Millett: Again, our position there, Brett, has not changed. Were very, very comfortable with the raw material supply profile we have in place today. OmniSource has approximately 6 million to 7 million tons of sort of collection processing distribution market and capability. And that is a reasonable, more than reasonable support for our mill needs. I think last quarter, we were around about 60%, 63% of our scrap needs were met by OmniSource. The rest obviously is coming from other parties in the marketplace. So, strategically, we dont necessary see an urgent need to get into any alternative. And I think we look at those as a pure, purely investment return opportunity. And our belief is that through the cycle unless you own the iron units all the way back to the mine, that the return profile is not attractive for us. If that were to change then we would think differently.
Brett Levy: And then the second question is obviously you got a plan to grow, right now youre running at 12 plus times interest coverage. At some point, is there like an optimal timing to post-232 or something along those lines? Is there an optimal time, as you guys see it to go after, what you really want to go after I assume its downstream?
Mark Millett: We have three main areas of focus. One, being sort of steel itself, steel production whether that'd be greenfield or whether that'd be opportunities, acquisitions, whereby we can turn around underperforming asset. So steel is one focus, downstream processing is another. Our team seemed to have a sort of natural ability there whether that'd be on the sheet side, coating, painting those sorts of things. And even in the bar side, as Glenn mentioned earlier sort of value-add or inspection, turning, those sorts of things. So downstream is important to us. And then thirdly, opportunities where you have sort of intermediate processing type manufacturing that can provide pull-through volume to our steel mills because were very cognizant of through-cycle profitability and cash generation, not just looking for stronger peaks, but also stronger troughs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Just start on the long product side of the things, please. Obviously, you've seen an impressive pick up in utilization rates over the past two quarters. And we saw from one of your peer says well, very strong growth in their domestic supply of long products. Can you just give us a better sense of what your outlook is on the margin side for long steel, which in general has lagged what was seen on the flat side to-date? Do you envision environment in which you could see long product margins playing catch up with flats in the months ahead? Or do you think that we're going to see those two kind of moving in lockstep looking forward?
Mark Millett: I know Theresa may have a more detailed color. I would suggest we're at a little bit of an inflection point there. The last three years what we've seen kind of an erosion of that spread pretty consistently sort of gradual consistent erosion. And I think with slightly high utilization rates going forward with the strong order book, this was also momentum. We've seen I think on first increases across the spectrum of long products over the last few weeks. I think that will likely continue.
Theresa Wagler: The only thing I would add, Seth, is that as you remember they're very different markets, not just between flat and long, but also within the long products themselves if you look at SBQ versus merchants and structural and then on then on long side as well. So I agree, I think we are expecting margin expansion throughout the year in the long products, but I'm not sure we try to correlate those with flat. I would just say that we are expecting pricing to be able to outpace any changes in scrap.
Seth Rosenfield: And the second question, if I may on the fabrication side. Can you just give us a bit of sense in terms of demand and order trends? Following tax reform, are you already seeing a real tangible improvement in the orders? And where are you seeing that perhaps from a product perspective?
Mark Millett: Chris?
Chris Graham: Yes, we continue to see expansion in the construction where all of our indices we follow continue to indicate such. I would say that for what it's worth the Western markets have come to life in the last six months. Midwest, Upper Midwest has been strong not that anybody else has been weak, but those have been areas of the bigger market change. We just maintain a positive outlook on non-res. It's a healthy mix of institutional, commercial and big box continues. So, we steady as she goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO. Please proceed with your questions.
David Gagliano: Theresa, I just wanted to clarify in your opening remarks. I saw you mentioned upfront that you expect higher raw material costs translate to significant margin compression in 2Q versus 1Q. Did I hear that correctly?
Theresa Wagler: That wasn't in specifically fabrication, Dave. It's just as -- if you think fabrication uses steel, right, and as we have an increasing steel cost, there is probably an 8 to 12 week lag. And so, you're going to start to see higher prices because they benefit from having lower prices well at the steel they purchased kind of late fourth quarter. Now, they're going to have first quarter prices hitting the second quarter and that we likely think will cause some margin compression in fabrication but only that segment.
David Gagliano: Completely understood, okay, thanks for clarifying. Now back to the steel operation segment. Obviously a lot of moving parts on prices mix, scrap, things like that. I know youre hesitant to, typically to provide much sort of short-term specific commentary. But given the magnitude, the changes weve seen. Can you just give us a bit of a sense as to the margin expansion magnitude in metal margin expansion that we should be expecting in 2Q with the order books and the lags, I mean the effectively, the order books that you have in place at this point?
Theresa Wagler: Were not going to give specifics, Dave, but I appreciate the question. We do expect it to be meaningful and we expect it to be kind of across the steel ops. But more importantly, youre going to see, I think more of -- well, youre going to see expansion of flat-rolled side as well. And I think you can probably get to some of that on your own because scrap is a one month lag as you know, and you know that we primarily use busheling or prime scrap in the flat roll operations. And interestingly enough because of the dynamic with 323, we actually have -- our contracts are such that there's a minimum quality customers have to take and then there is a maximum available. And because of the tightness in the flat-rolled market, the customers have been taking the maximum available, which is meant that our contractual business is really closer to 55% of our total mix right now in flat roll. So youre going to see that lagging CRU price move into the second quarter, theyre going to get benefit from that as well as we think will be moderated scrap platform. So, I think that there's positive drivers in the flat roll side and then we just spoke to long product side where we see drivers as well. Sorry, were not comfortable these specifics.
David Gagliano: No, that's helpful. I appreciate it. Just a last related question, basically, you just said is it reasonable to expect product mix to be more a little bit heavier on the flat roll than the long product side sequentially?
Theresa Wagler: Well, we would expect that were going to see incremental flat roll shipments, but the Butler and Columbus had record production already in the first quarter. So, we think there is an incremental availability. But as you think about all the additional capacity that we have most of that in long products, so as we see improvements in mix, Im not sure that youre going to see it substantially one way or another, but there is more opportunity for volume uplift on the long product side market independent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Just taking a step back philosophically in light of the very strong market conditions weve been talking about and watching this year. What does Steel Dynamics need in order to think about more substantial capacity additions and what youve been planning prior to the big move in prices this year? What conditions, what visibility? Can you just give us a sense of how youre looking at those, the decision on that end?
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, and honestly, I dont believe it has changed. We wouldnt necessary change our strategy on the Section 232 alone or tax reform whatever. We take a very long term view. We look at sort of through cycle metrics. So that the immediate, incredible optimism out there, it doesnt mean to say that were going to be shifted in a different -- I think we've demonstrated now the business model that we've set since the very beginning of our company. And certainly with the position that we've made over the last seven, eight, nine years has put us in a good shape sort to leverage the current marketplace, and also even in better shape to whether any trough going forward. So, I think it's kind of steady as she goes. We're not changing our strategy materially. And anticipation is to put the balance sheet to work continue to even the most efficient the lowest cost steel producer right there and not just steel producer but fabricator and metal sheet cycler and drive superior financial metrics.
Timna Tanners: Also you mentioned that May 1 of course, deadline for some of the temporary exemptions. Do you have any further thoughts on how that can play out because it's also seems that there are some negotiations of other countries that could receive the exemptions like Japan, and some that may see their exemptions change in the quotas? In your discussions with the extent that you have them at the White House, do you have any sense of how those might play out?
Mark Millett: Well, it's a certainly a changing environment out there. But I think what we -- we're appreciative and we both appreciative and applaud the practice stance of the Commerce Department and the Administration for sure. Despite the recent spike in imports obviously there are whole bunch of countries that just took advantage of those exemptions and trust and push material onto our shores. But that will recede in the coming months, I think it's helpful that maybe step back a little bit and understand what we will looking for as an industry. And but we weren't looking for the elimination of imports, but play sort of fair playing field, whereby imports would return to a more normalized level 20% 23% of demand and get away from the 33% of demand that crushed our marketplace. And in doing so which is allowed for a more healthy domestic mill utilization rate that would in turn, allow the entire industry to have a better profitability profile and exceed their cost of capital so we can reinvest develop new products and be a better provider for the customer base. And to be honest when the first announcement came at, we were a little alarmed to the 25% blanket tariff. We actually along with others supported one of the other options that Secretary Ross presented and that was to the punitive on the culprits so to speak and levy a more normalized quarter on the rest of the world. But I think as time goes on, prudence is prevailing. And I do believe, even though you talk with the negotiations and press a more compromised position I think that's where we should be. A 28% a straight tariff across the industry, I believe would have really tighten the industry and perhaps even created a steel shortage. And again that's not what we want. We need a balanced approach so we can have reasonable pricing, reasonable spreads, reasonable profitability yet steel have a good supply for the manufacturing base in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, you had mentioned that you had shipped 36,000 tons off the paint line at Columbus in the first quarter, and you think, youre going to be on track to do 90% by mid-year. Question is, do you this visibility in your backlog? Is this business that you want or you think, you can go out and win just some clarity on that would be helpful?
Mark Millett: We currently are doing lots of trials that, believe it or not with the paint, theres many parameters are go into it. So, were securing approvals for various pieces of business that we see ramp up schedules coming through especially through July, through the end of second through third quarter. So we have a confidence that the products were making are being accepted by or customer base. And we're using this time with the, to develop some longer term relationships with products that new line allows us to make that we dont make another plan. So, we're little more judicious with what were making there, but the pipeline looks good. And the quality that the team is producing is really going well. So, were trying to have a managed entrance to the marketplace.
Phil Gibbs: Second question I have is just on the raw materials situation right now and input cost environment. Mark, if you could maybe give us a little bit of an update on the cadence of consumable costs increases being the electrode and refractory situation, whether or not youre seeing that now or whether or not you expect to be staged in through the course of the year? And then also, is there any potential risk on pig iron imports from Russia right now given the geopolitical environment? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Well, on the consumables, I think as we reported in past calls, Phil. On the electrode side, we picked up a couple of bucks a ton. I think in the first quarter and maybe we bought another $1 or $2 coming on through the second quarter -- four, sorry.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, I know, it's okay. Actually, it's about -- well, between electrodes and refractories, we were up about $2 per ton in the first quarter sequentially. Any expectation if you remember, we still had some old supply versus the new contracts. So as we run into more of the new contracts for the divisions in the second quarter. We expect that to increase and then another incremental, probably $4 and then be very stable through the rest of the year.
Mark Millett: But youre saying thats electrode and refractory.
Theresa Wagler: Thats electrode and refractory.
Mark Millett: I was taking them one at a time, but yes.
Phil Gibbs: And then also on that other sub-part to that question. Do you think, there is any risk on pig iron imports into the U.S. from Russia gave any geopolitical environment, were seeing right now?
Mark Millett: I think certainly there is some risk there. I think it looks like Brazil is ramping up some. What were hearing that some of the producers had been sitting idly or actually talking about coming backup. So I think there is a slight risk on the geopolitical side with Russia. But again, youve got the Ukrainians and the Brazilians, I think, that will fill in part of that deal, it could result in some price pressure. But again, that just remains to be seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Olin with Longbow. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Olin: Mark, I just wanted to make sure I understand the dynamics of global supply and the exemptions. It sounds like you do not expect imports to pick up months, over the summer months. But I guess, I'm curious the countries that are currently exempted. Are the mills in those regions not offering a very low price product right now? And then second to that. How do you think about where potentially the price floor is for maybe something like hot-rolled steel going forward?
Mark Millett: The exempted countries if you take them off, you're not count Mexico, our NAFTA trading partners, they I think are balanced and its business is usual. We're not seeing any disruptions from a pricing perspective a materials flowing either way. Europe the landed price until recently has been sort of at par, if not higher than the State and that's probably changed the last month or two. But nonetheless, no real message impact from Europe. Australia, I think the exemption there was principally due to BlueScope's mills on the West Coast. So, we're not getting impacted there dramatically. But now, I strongly believe in the coming months through the summer you'll see imports receive for short.
Chris Olin: And then just second to that, can you talk a little bit about trucking availability as capacity constraints or freight cost change the outlook for perhaps the raw materials or maybe steel product segments?
Mark Millett: I think this continue pressure there is not inhibiting us from the business, right.
Barry Schneider: I think certain freight areas, freight lanes and it will be real strong. But really requires us like we always have to work closely with the truck and rail service providers. And they did just regulations became into effect are being adjusted at the system. And the more, the better we are our place for the trucks to do business, the better we get service. So right now, it's daily work, I'm not going to say daily, but we're doing good, we're not having the shutouts or too many miss trucks at least for the flat side. Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: On the long product line, it's challenging. Mark, I mean, both rail, our availability in trucking lane. To various points, some of the lanes are very open and can get some good rates too. Other lands are little more challenged. It's a daily fight, daily struggle, but we're working with our customers and working with the transportation companies. And we're continuing to fight through it.
Chris Olin: Can I just ask how much of the volume goes through rail right now?
Mark Millett: Well, across the Company, it used to be more than 50% by rail. It's probably closer to 50-50 right?
Glenn Pushis: If I were to guess right now, it's probably close to 50-50 across all our steel sectors.
Mark Millett: On the operating side?
Glenn Pushis: On the operating side, right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cleveland Rueckert with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: It's actually Andreas Bokkenheuser from UBS. Can you hear me okay?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Andreas Bokkenheuser: Just a question on growth. You were obviously talking about capturing market share early in the call. Do you have a sense of the overall consolidated volume growth at the moment? How much of that is inorganic growth by via market share gains? And how much is affected with the end market growing? And maybe also give us a sense of where do you see the volume growth potential throughout the rest of this year. Is this mainly in construction? I think, you mentioned construction earlier or do you see potential better growth elsewhere?
Mark Millett: The specific market share growth that we referenced is in automotive at Columbus. Weve gone from next to nothing to about 220,000 tons last year. And the team is on I think qualified for platforms over the next 18 months to take that up to about 400,000 tons a year. That will likely the, kind of where wed like to see it going forward 400,000 maybe 500,000 tons from that facility. And that will be sufficient market exposure from my perspective on automotive. On the long product side, I think most of the volume expansion is increased overall demand as opposed to very specific -- we are
Glenn Pushis: Across all sectors, yes.
Mark Millett: We are picking up market share in certain specific pockets. But generally, its volume, general volume increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Tumazos: Is that reasonable to expect steel productivity in the mills, the output to rise about 1% per year due to innovation and productivity? And do you have any specific capital projects that might increase output in any of the product lines significantly more than a trend productivity rate?
Mark Millett: Well, John, good morning. Well, Im not so sure weve analyzed it as a percentage growth per year. As you know, our team seems to continue to be innovative as part of our culture. And year-over-year as you suggest, we do outperform. Butler amazingly, after 23 years continues to do that. But I think further output there, growth is incremental. At Columbus, we have, I think a material opportunity. Our focus for the team has been market diversification and product development, those arenas, and we havent necessarily pushed that facility real, real hard. And its around about nameplate capacity today. And so, it's the truth form that mill should be capable of a lot more. The major growth is necessary incremental of any existing line or mill, but the organic opportunities we outlined already. And the most specific being the rebar projects that should add about 450,000 tons of shipping capability to our portfolio.
Mark Millett: Just as a quick reminder, we took Butler from 3 million to 3.2 million tons at the beginning for this year. And for Roanoke Bar, we actually moved from 600,000 tons to 720,000 tons. All related to some incremental initiatives. And with the truck and rail division, beginning 2019, they're likely to be closer to 2 million ton a year capacity versus a 1.8. So there are specific projects as Mark said, that's driving that. Right now, our total capability is 11.4 million ton but that's likely to be over 11.5 come 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Charles Bradford: I haven't heard most recently about any problems with any cost. Are you seeing anything there and also how about for alloys?
Mark Millett: No real concern relative to energy cost either power or natural gas for that matter. So everything is stable. On the alloy front, we are seeing an appreciation there. So again, I don't believe its material.
Glenn Pushis: On the SBQ side, we pass it along with a surcharge mechanism, so we don't see on that. But we are seeing it as an [ADM] a little bit in the structural side, sure..
Theresa Wagler: Yes, Chuck. Most of the alloyed increase, we haven't seen a sequentially because alloys were higher kind of throughout 2017 beginning in the second and third quarter. If you look at year-over-year it's pretty substantive, but we really kind of already observed the higher alloy cost in the second half of '17.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Phil Gibbs with Keybanc. Please proceed with your questions.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, I just had a question on the rebar investment at Roanoke and I know you have touched upon it earlier. But can you just remind us what that changed on that investment are relative your initial timeline? And maybe a little bit more color on why?
Mark Millett: Glen?
Glenn Pushis: Yes, sure. This is Glenn. We've working with our supplier with that equipment. We have some engineering issues and some delivery issues on the equipment. So that push the project back four to five months a year. We've got the rebar outlet now that has been commissioned and we can successfully run rebar through that. But you really get the gain in the production with the larger reheat furnace. We're starting to make that furnace in here in the next few weeks, and we anticipate changing over to that furnace in the month of May, which will then give us reading capability of a higher tonnage per hour which will allow us to run the rebar there. Now in the past, we've run 50,000 60,000 tons a year of rebar of that facility. We'll be able to push like Tricia and Mark has said up to 200,000 tons at that facility of rebar per year. And at the same time get some incremental gains on some of our other merchant products because of the larger heating furnace.
Mark Millett: And so we're not expecting that same performance at the structural, right?
Glenn Pushis: No structural mill is actually a different supplier. And right now that project seems to be going very smoothly and it's on schedule.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing comments.
Mark Millett: Well, again, I appreciate your time today, appreciate your support. I think we are well positioned to take advantage of the growing marketplace in all sectors. I think someone said, were about to hit all cylinders and its going to be a very good 2018 and 2019 for us. For the customers on the line, I certainly appreciate your support. And for our employees, guys and girls, youre doing a phenomenal job. Just keep safe, each and every day Thanks to everyone. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Mark Millett - President & CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Russ Rinn - EVP, Metals Recycling Operations Glenn Pushis - SVP, Steel Operations, Long Private Steel Group
Analysts: Brett Levy - Seelaus Capital Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse Novid Rassouli - Cowen & Company Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Charles Bradford - Bradford Research Sean Wondrack - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Annual 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 23, 2018 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Private Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning; they are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses, as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2017 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning and happy 2018. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. We appreciate you sharing your time with us this morning. I'd like to thank the entire SDI team for the dedication and exceptional performance last year. Along with the support of our customers, vendors and shareholders, we collectively achieved best-in-class results. Most importantly, we did safely; safely than ever before. On many measures 2017 was a record year both operationally and financially; record steel and fabrication shipments, record operating income of $1.1 billion, record EBITDA at $1.4 billion, and the momentum continues. The underlying positive market fundamentals coupled with our own growth initiatives, I was really excited for the coming year. With the beginning this morning, I'll ask Theresa to comment on our results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone and I want to share my [ph], congratulations to the entire SDI family. It really was a tremendous year on many fronts and numerous milestones as Mark mentioned were achieved. Record sales of $9.5 billion with increased price gain over all our platforms and record steel and fabrication volume, record pretax earnings of $935 million and EBITDA of $1.4 billion. And as Mark said, most importantly, we accomplished all of this with record safety performance. To recognize into our appreciation for the tremendous performance of the team in December we paid well-deserved $1,000 cash performance over to each non-executive eligible employee totaling just over $7 million. Full year 2017 net income was $813 million or $3.36 per diluted share which included the following items. Third and fourth quarter debt refinancing charges totaling $15 million and a onetime tax benefit of $181 million resulting from the revaluation of our deferred tax assets liabilities in connection with the recently enacted U.S. federal tax cuts [ph]. Our current estimate for our 2018 effective tax rate, federal and state combined, was between 24% and 25% which is meaningfully free from our recent history where we were close to 35%. Excluding these items we still achieved record annual net income of $641 million or $2.55 per diluted share. For the fourth quarter our net income of $305 million or $1.28 per diluted share. Excluding the onetime tax benefit of $0.76 that was unknown and specifically excluded at the time of our guidance and the fourth quarter refinancing cost of $0.02 per diluted share our fourth quarter 2017 adjusted net income was $0.54 per diluted share. Consolidated fourth quarter 2017 revenues were $2.3 million, 4% lower than the sequential quarter while operating income was $196 million representing a 28% sequential decline; both declines were result of lower shipments and metal spread in our field operations. Specifically for the fourth quarter field shipments decreased 4% sequentially across both in flat roll and rolling bar divisions to 2.4 million tons. Steel metal spread also compressed as our average quarterly sales price declined $17 per ton in the fourth quarter and our average scrap costs consumed only $305. Off note though, of the $17 decline in average pricing, $9 per ton was actually associated with mixed shift and most of that was in the flat roll. Our Columbus and Butler flat roll divisions also successfully completed planned improvement averages which resulted in less shipments and increased cost in October reducing fourth quarter earnings by approximately $27 million. As a result, the fourth quarter operating income of $207 million from our steel operations, about 26% less than prior to our third quarter. For the full year our steel operations achieved numerous performance milestones resulting in record volume of 9.7 million tons and operating income of $1.1 billion. Annual metal spread also improved as average sales price increased more than our average scrap costs. For our metals recycling platform; ferrous metal spread stayed steady in the fourth quarter to slight lower average quarterly scrap price; conversely non-ferrous shipments and metal spreads improved resulting in fourth quarter 2017 operating income of $22 million. The teams did a great job optimizing cost throughout the business, they achieved full year operating income of $85 million, this is more than double last year's recycling performance. We are effectively levering the strength of our vertically integrated model which benefits both the steel mills and the scrap operations. The mills recycling group shipped 53% of their fair scrap to our own steel mill increasing scrap quality, efficiency and reducing working capital. In fabrication our 2017 operating income was $22 million, for the full year the team achieved getting another year record shipments and order backlog remains very healthy. 2017 fabrication operating income was also strong annually but it declined slightly to $88 million based on higher priced steel input. We generated strong cash flow from operations in 2017 at $740 million and free cash flow after success of investment of $575 million. Operational working capital also grew at $251 million during the year based on the overall market improvement resulting in higher customer accounts and inventory value. Full year capital investments totaled $165 million. We maintained our fourth quarter cash dividend at $0.155 per common share after increasing at 11% in the first quarter of 2017. We repurchased $252 million of our common stock in the year and have $173 million still available pursuing to the $450 million board authorized program which was initiated in October 2016. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence of our future. Based on our strong cash flow generation we maintain liquidity at $2.2 billion with $1 billion in cash and $1.2 billion of available funding our revolving credit facility. The strength of our through cycle cash generation coupled with strong credit and capital structure profile provides great opportunity for continued organic and transactional growth. We're squarely focused at one-track for the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Millett: Super, Theresa. For concerning safety, the team did a phenomenal job last year achieving the seventh consecutive year of improved safety performance. Each of the platforms sent me records; we reduced our total recordable injury rate by a further 18% while two-thirds of our locations were incident free. Clearly, the safety conversations [ph], actions and programs that had taken place throughout the company are having an impact. The safety and welfare of our employees will remain our number one priority for all time. My sincere thanks go to the entire SDI family for an outstanding job but as always, I challenge each of us to remain focused and to strive toward our ultimate goal, a zero incident environment everywhere we work. As Theresa outlined, the steel platform continue to perform at the top of the industry in 2017. Our production utilization rate was 92% for the full year and 89% from the fourth quarter; once again, markedly better than the domestic industry rate of approximately 74%. This is due in large part to our having one of the most diversified and value added product portfolios in the industry. With over 11 million tons of annual shipping capability, we still have well over 1 million tons of latent availability as the markets continue to strengthen. Demand from the construction and energy sectors continues to improve. We're also seeing better demand for our heavy and off-road equipment and more general industrial manufacturing accounts. Demand from the automotive sector is still strong, although lot has peaked from a historical perspective it is expected to be incrementally higher than last year. Fortunately, we continue to gain market share, especially at the Columbus flat roll division with our focus on automotive direct sales. We also benefit there from a cost effective access into Mexico where forecasts continue to show increasing automotive great steel demand. Domestic steel consumption improved by 5% or 6% for the year and we believe it will grow further in 2018. But steel imports also rose in '17 by over 15% representing over 30% of domestic consumption; this just really hasn't changed. We're considered one of the lowest cost steel producers in the industry. We are ready to compete and we want to compete but we must have a level playing field, we can't compete with unfair trade practices such as those occurring today. While I'm pleased with the recent decline in out roll imports related to the successful past trade cases and the DOC affirmative decision on Chinese circumvention through Vietnam, the tremendous that Chinese subsidized over capacity remains a problem. In particular, there are still massive imports of structural and fabricated structures [ph] coming in from China and historically high imports of coded flat roll along with [indiscernible] from Asian countries using Chinese steel. I believe that after an affirmative National Security finding under 232 by the DOC the President will be provided possible ways to reset the game to enforce the rules. President Trump needs to provide a meaningful remedy that helps maintain and revitalize the U.S. steel industry while the Chinese overcapacity issue is being addressed. But as usual, we remained focused on things we can control. For example; we continue to position Steel Dynamics for the future through new investment in our existing operations. A few that occurred during 2017 include the $16 million investment to the added galvanizing capacity at our steel of West Virginia plant. This value-added service is ramping up well beyond expectations and is expected to provide less than a two-year payback. $15 million investment that upgraded our Butler flat roll divisions galvanizing line also adding an additional 180,000 tons of value added coding capacity; this project will have less than a one-year payback. Our $100 million investment and a new paint line at the Columbus flat roll division began operating in the first quarter of 2017. The new line provides 250,000 tons of annual coding capability and further diversification into some of our highest margin products. Complementing the two existing paint lines in Indiana, this new line is a state-of-the-art facility producing high quality HVAC appliance products and double-wide steel. As geographic location also facilitates economic access to the Southern U.S. and Mexican markets; it is on-track to be running close to full capacity by mid-year 2018 this year. Columbus continues to be a significant earnings catalyst. The changes the team has already made are transformational and there are still more to come including production gains, value added product mix shifts and additional costs savings. The successful market and product diversification achieved over the last three years is one of the key differentiators for our improved through cycle profitability and will continue to benefit the coming years as well. Despite an improving non-residential construction trend, non-product capacity utilization remained challenged at 75%. Much of the increased demand over the last three years has been absorbed by imports of standard beams and shapes along with a considerable volume of prefabricated structural steel. Improved fabricated steel imports have increased over 80% in the last five years alone; nonetheless, the team did a good job and our long product shipments improved 9% year-over-year. But to ensure higher future through cycle utilizations, we're investing in our long product steel mills. We have three specific initiatives to increase the utilization of our structural rail division which has been running at an average of 75%. First, we're growing the production of SBQ quality blooms [ph] to send to our engineered bar divisions as that division now has excess rolling capacity. This should improve through cycle utilization at both facilities. Over the next 18 months, we plan to increase this volume to an annualized rate of close to or above 150,000 tons. And we're well on our way that with 29,000 tons transferred just this past quarter. Second, we further diversified the mills product offerings and recently began the production of large unequal leg angles and heavy clamps which is entering the market and we plan to sell as much as 100,000 tons annually. Third, we're investing $75 million to utilize existing access melting and casting capability there. This expansion will further diversify our product portfolio and market sector exposure through the annual production of 240,000 tons of reinforcing bar including spooled, custom, cut-to-length and bar. Our intended business model should substantially enhance the current supply chain providing meaningful logistic yield and working capital benefits for the customer. In addition, we will be the large independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region, and we plan to begin operations of that facility by the end of 2018. In aggregate, these initiatives provide for over 500,000 tons or over 25% of potential additional annual utilization of our structural and rail division over the next 18 months. We believe this can provide a material improvement in future through cycle utilization and profitability. We're also investing $28 million to utilize excess melting and casting capability at our rolling and bar division. We are adding equipment that will allow for multi-strand slitting and rebar finishing of 200,000 tons per year. Similar to our Midwest investment, we expect to have strong market penetration as we will be the one of the largest independent producers of reinforcing bar in the Virginia area as well. Equivalent commissioning which has started and the team plans to begin selling the product at the end of the first quarter of 2018. Our metals recycling platform recorded a tremendous performance in 2017. Despite selling a few non-core locations during the year the team is able to maintain volume while increasing metal spread and reducing cost throughout the year; the result and the earnings more than doubled. Trans scrap flow has been steady and we expect it to stay that way. The weather did slow the flow of obsolete scrap in December and a gain in January; this coupled with an uptick and export activity has timed the market a little low but we expect flows to pick up and the pricing environment to stabilize as the year progresses. Fabrication platform also delivered an incredibly strong performance with another year of record shipments and strong earnings. Our order backlog remains strong; the ongoing strength for this business and continued customer optimism is a solid indicator that the non-residential construction market is continuing to grow. As an added benefit, our fabrication platform purchased over 330,000 tons of steel from SDI steel mills in 2017. The power of this pull-through volume and we saw steel internally from our own mills is a significant catalyst for higher steel utilization rates. This pull-through strategy remains one of our focuses for ongoing growth. We remain confident that the markets conditions are in place to benefit steel consumption in 2018. Domestic steel inventory levels have moderated, world steel demand and pricing has structurally improved. Domestic steel demand remains healthy and we believe consumption will grow in 2018. Our business model and the execution of our long-term strategy continue to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus coupled with market diversification and low cost operating platforms supports our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance and differentiation. The Company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. Our phenomenal team provides the foundation for our success and I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and commitment and remind them safety is always our first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our Company, customers, employees and shareholders alike, and look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us in the years ahead. So again, thank you for your time today and Brenda, we'll take questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Seelaus Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Levy: Can you just give a little bit of an update on the Section 232 Case?
Mark Millett: Well, I think anything we give might be a speculation. I think we're probably as close as anyone to it but I wouldn't put money on the table other than I think it's going to be positive. Just generally in trade, we're very happy and as we anticipate in our last call, the anti-circumvention ruling against Vietnam was very, very positive and I think that's going to end up flowing into other countries as well and Vietnam itself imported about 450,000 tons of coated product in last year. So that's generally positive, more specifically, the past trade cases have eroded in volumes in certain areas such as [indiscernible]. But volumes in general remain incredibly high as the Chinese subsidized overcapacity just remains in place and I think it's in several areas that is a problem that is honestly in cover sheet and galvanized on a flat roll side, those are at record import levels last year. And also in structural, we're still seeing about 1 million tons of straight beams coming in along with about 1.2 million tons of fabricated or pre-fabricated structures; so you have about 2.2 million tons of structural imports against 5 million or 6 million ton market, so that is a major issue along with [indiscernible] imports from Korea. And that's where I think Section 232 can have the greatest impact, I do believe there will be a positive remedy; if you just look at yesterday's announcement about washing machines and solar panels, I think it just gives you insight as per the climate and the thinking of the administration and I'm very, very confident that the administration will give a positive room for us.
Brett Levy: And you addressed most of this but I mean I'm just going to ask for a little more granularity; if you look across your product mix, what are the products that are most likely to be as your best guess against the type of investigation and commentary that you've heard from the government on 232? What are the product areas that most likely to benefit? And what are the products areas that are least likely to benefit?
Mark Millett: I think I've already enumerated the three principal areas Brett; coded I think will be a big benefit for us particularly in let's just say -- building products, it can come around at a higher rate. Type 2 [ph], although we don't produce it directly obviously the energy market is a huge -- the largest consumer, at least historically of hot roll coil, and if that tightens up, hot roll coil which is already tight today is going to be a very desired commodity. And I think just a structural -- the pre-fabricated structure would be huge for us along with which is a straight structure. When you have 2.2 million tons of that product coming in, and literally it's 5 million ton market, I think that would have tremendous impact because obviously structural products much in mill and also Columbus City is running at low utilization -- relatively low utilization as compared to [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Curt Woodworth: So first question is on capital allocation; it's from the balance sheet and clearly free cash flow capability they share with lower tax rate would suggest that in addition to acquisitions, you have pretty substantial wherewithal to return cash back to the shareholder either through central dividend or increasing and enhancing the share buyback. And so outside of the acquisition opportunities, can you comment on the potential return capital back to shareholders this year?
Mark Millett: I think our general strategy is going to be no different this year than the past years. Our absolute focus and priority is organic growth because there we have the most effective capital sort of efficiency and return on our money. Secondly, transactional growth, we continue to see opportunities, we've been disciplined and careful but we see good opportunity there for great returns. And secondly or thirdly, we continue our sort of positive dividend profile; we'll remain conservative there, we recognize as we send them past dividends or private [ph], it's an absolute number, we don't necessarily yield the absolute number which is today but on $45 million but I would expect to see a continued positive profile there as our through cycle cash generation profile continues to improve. And we will continue to complete the shareholder -- the share repurchase plan we have.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then with respect to the acquisition opportunities, can you comment on preference for either growing upstream or downstream and then there has been obviously more development of HBI capability in the U.S. and discussion of more merchant pig iron development; are those -- would be coming backward integrated than raw materials be something that you would entertain or look to partner into?
Mark Millett: We've had a lot of experience in that field and I would suggest we don't see a good use of our cash in the HBI arena or in the merchant pig iron facilities at least as we see it today. Our focus remains in three essential areas; one, steel, obviously, we first and foremost sort of low cost efficient steel producers, so wherever we can infuse our culture and our experience, the turnaround in existing operations, strengthen the market that will be a major continued focus. Our folks are extremely good, obviously advanced stream sort of processing and so that is a focus. And thirdly, pull-through opportunities at least utilize their own steel and pull-through the supply chain to increase our through cycle utilization is a focus.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Novid Rassouli with Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Novid Rassouli: You had relatively upbeat comments regarding the automotive market, both this morning as well as last and in the release. I was just wondering if you can provide some detail regarding some of the commentary and the release last night; you mentioned gaining momentum in the automotive sector? And then any comments on development or progress on the Columbus automotive direct sales initiative?
Mark Millett: Specific to auto, I think we gained incredible traction. I think a day before that [ph] put sort of direct auto team together and restricted our focus not away from but parallel to our primary or original sort of supply chain through processes. But that direct approach has been very, very positive for us; we -- I think shipped about 220,000 tons of automotive from Columbus just last year which is a massive increase and we're on platforms to increase that to about 400,000 tons over the next 18 months as new platforms come into play. So it's firstly the capability of the mill down there and we have a great team, I think is building confidence in the auto producers and they are also very, very confident about our balance sheet and partnering with us and our partnership is going to last 5, 10, 15 or 20 years; I think that strengthened our position.
Theresa Wagler: I think some of the European automotive production really appreciate our sustainability model as well and if that pull cycle or pull-through sustainability of our older cycle; so I think that [indiscernible] in a relationship perspective.
Novid Rassouli: And the auto-mix is still around 15%; is that about right?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, that's about right, that's correct.
Novid Rassouli: And the ultimate target; you guys have a target in mind for the percentage of mix of auto-shipments?
Mark Millett: I think we're pretty well there at Butler, I know that 30% of our output is going into automotive, again principally through processors. And I'd like to see automotive at Columbus at round about 420,000 tons and capital [ph].
Novid Rassouli: If you guys could just help out how you're thinking about metal margins into 1Q and throughout 2018; it looks like we should see a decent uptick in 1Q but any thoughts around metal margin would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Again, looking long-term, the scrap environment comment more but we look at a relatively steady scrap environment through the year going forward. Obviously, a little tight on the [indiscernible] this past month as the weather impacted flow and Turkey [ph] came in the market. But absent any massive impact from Turkey [ph], I think we're looking at scrap kind of sideways through the year and I believe that on the product side things are going to get tighter than they are today, it's incredibly good -- sort of macro environment. You've got generally a global environment that's been more positive than we've seen in many years and you've got stronger demand within China, their pricing continues to go up, the Asian arbitrage is not attractive currently. European pricing is probably higher than on a diluted basis today than their domestic pricing. So the global environment is very positive; you've got positive demand trends domestically, silver center inventories are relatively low. OM [ph] is surprisingly buoyant along with coking coal, so the raw material push for the integrated increased the global cost of coke and I believe influence are going to continue to moderate. So from a pricing perspective, I see pricing that continued an upward trend. So spreads in general, longer term, they are going to be positive.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Messy [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Now let me ask this on recycling; we've been hearing a lot about issues with transportation, the effects there in the scrap market is straightway popping, driver something for better pay, and if you have the weather in the east and the southeast, apparently we can have with some equipment in New Year. I guess first; what's been the effect in your own recycling ops on these transportation stresses, if any? And then second, how was truck availability, your steep changes in freight or both, how is that effective deliveries are caused and the other frictions among the rest of your system whether internally or among customers?
Russ Rinn: Certainly we've experienced the same issues that you talked about. Yet again, although it extends back to the change in the rail systems and in different functions the major rail rigs are taking the major rail where they serve us is actually pushing the smoother trait [ph] on the trucks which is making it a little bit more demand and has increased the bubble of the cost and the availability. I think long-term we do operate some of our own fleet, we do also operate some of our own rail cars, I think we want to position to be able to take -- to maximize our efforts in it but I think it is going to be a problem, we are going to see -- continue to see issues with primetime and retain drivers, both internal and also I think the trucking companies fall in line as well. So I think it's going to be an industry-wide issue that we all have to face which is higher rate cost more importantly.
Unidentified Analyst: Now let me switch over and ask a little bit of fabrication; you've talked about solid backlog, encouraging customer engagement, etcetera. If all your volume is up impressively 25% year-over-year, clearly pricing hasn't been able to keep up though with the benchmarks in steel and so you're down year-over-year in dollar terms on operating margin. Can you help me square the health of the market with that profitability crunch? I mean are your customers undercutting you with cheaper sourced pre-fab steel? Are you being more aggressive on price to take the share -- what's the situation that's unfolding?
Russ Rinn: We have the flexibility in the raw material we use, and there are times which are advantageous for us to use more collateral versus merchant. And as the spread has increased between merchant and flat roll, some of our advantages has deteriorated at that. The market is healthy, the demand is strong, it's literally just a matter of merchant not keeping pace with flat roll, we leverage flat roll more with our competitors, so our competitors have tended to hanging down the amount of merchant number and not necessarily allowing us to use much -- increase price as much with the care thing [ph].
Theresa Wagler: Matt, I would just add; if you think about it from the fabrication, from order or kind of from bidding to work to deliveries, it probably about 8 to 12 weeks in that timeframe until with that the steel prices add their marking up consistently which flat roll has really done pretty much this year; it's hard to catch up but then once you're not in stability, not where the team and the fabrication side really has the opportunity to pass that through.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you think that type of stability both in raw material costs and then, also I guess what pricing you're able to push through as you expect that to show up as you move over the next couple of quarters?
Theresa Wagler: Obviously.
Mark Millett: I think to highlight that business, the team has done a phenomenal job leveraging our national footprint there. And yes, we don't have record possibility, we have record shipments, the team continues to gain market share and I think 2018 is going to be a very good one for us. I think again, it's also a lot of optimism for us because inside into the non-residential construction arena that continues in online to be incredibly strong and growing.
Russ Rinn: Our perspective there has probably never been as obvious as we enter '18. Our backlogs in the east are -- initially out of the country are flat to slightly down while our backlogs in the west are starting to be well over 30% higher than they started last year. So we're better positioned to follow up wherever they maybe than ever before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David [ph] with BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Obviously, you know, forward-looking expectations imply a big rebound in results which makes sense given everything going on, given your comments on this call but just to try and make sure we have the timing and the trajectory of that. Recovery reasonably calibrated, I have four questions; first, given the insights you have on order books, product mix, can you give us more color on the magnitude of the expected volume recovery in 1Q '18 versus 4Q '17? Second -- I'm just going to rattle these off and then you can just answer them. Second, I think the steel operation segment EBITDA per ton in the first quarter of '17 was $106. Given the current environment, given the shifts in your product mix; should we expect 1Q '18 EBITDA per ton to be higher than that 176 figure from the prior year? Third question, can you just remind us again, how much of your volume has some pricing lags; I think there are some with two to three month lags? And then the fourth, what's the total expected capital spending for 2018?
Theresa Wagler: I'll try to shape-in but I'm afraid we're not going to help build the monologue with detail but -- I'll start with the order book and the magnitude has changed from a volume perspective. We don't give specific guidance related to that and I think that helps to understand that but what I would say is that we are expecting volume improvement in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter; one, because the seasonality in the fourth quarter and the second is because we had probably at least 500,000 tons of less flat roll shipments because of the plant outages which -- actually we're very successfully completed I think sometime in your writing mention that we longer than anticipated, it wasn't, they were just longer outages because there were some additional work to be done. So all in all, the flat roll will expect higher volumes, we think the market is strong and we're expecting to see the higher volumes of fabrication are exceeded along product side as well, the magnitude of which we all provided on the call. From an EBITDA per term perspective, again, we try to give directional guidance and so we believe that there is definitely a pricing momentum on the flat roll side which helps to beat some of the long product side as well and SBQ is doing really, really well; we're seeing a lot of strides in that market. And so with that we would expect to see -- it would be anticipatedly higher average pricing again with lateral coming back as well. And on the scrap side, the scrap is high right now so we can see scrap -- these -- at least higher prices for a bit but then we see it moderate throughout the rest of the year; so I would like you all decide what you think will happen the first quarter. Related to the lag in orders for flat roll are probably closer [ph], 50% now of the volume that is lagging to CRU index; so that really lags initially about two to three months. So that's the lag on the flat roll side now and on SBQ, it's still very small, maybe 15% tied to some sort of tightening. So otherwise, we're definitely still in the spot -- spot market company. And then as a release to 2018 capital expenditures, we would expect to be somewhere around $250 million for the year and that includes about $80 million to $85 million remaining from both the round of rebar investment and then the structural rebar investment as well; and we tend to have about $100 million to $120 million that we would call not sustaining and the rest of that are efficiency project. So looking at the steel notes, we have some in fabrication as well. That could change during the year as the team continues to develop projects but right now that would be our best estimate.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful, thank you. I'm not trying to ask you to build the model out, just trying to avoid the risk of irrational exuberance; so any color is helpful. I appreciate it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: So the question on your outlook for electrode cost please; I know you commented on the last quarterly call as well but can you give us a bit more color on where your 2018 contract settled and both when and by what scale you expected to hit your P&L? Just thinking back, over the last quarter we saw spot prices for electrodes pull back quite meaningfully in late autumn and then rally once again, did that ultimately change your pricing expectations versus when we last spoke? Thank you.
Mark Millett: I think we're still in line with what we said on the last call. And fortunately our long standing relationships with the current electrode produces positive for us and we have committed supply for the year. About roughly half of our supply is sort of contracted on a fixed price for the year while the other half is still on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The impact to us is probably in the region of about $8 per steel ton year-over-year '18 versus the last year; so it's still well less than 1% of our conversion rate.
Seth Rosenfeld: And just a separate question, going back to the flat steel division; I know for a while -- now you've been talking about that business basically operating at max utilization; we continue to see volumes kind of surprise in upside. I'm wondering if you can comment on what sort of incremental volume growth is realistic in flat or on the other side of the coin, with the mix improvement at both Butler and Columbus, might that actually lead to lower yield looking forward? Thank you.
Mark Millett: Well, the team always surprises for the positive. The Butler facility -- again, record production last year, right after 20-plus years of operation and every year they improve and improve and improve. So Butler, I wouldn't say standout, it's still going to ease out a little bit but it's getting there. On the Columbus side, our focus for the past couple of years has been more product development, product diversification, getting into new markets and we're there today, and also -- more on our cost structure; the shift there will be in productivity across all the different lines and there are round about 3.1 million tons last year or so. Typically, we've been able to get 10% more out of our assets. All right, Barry [ph] is smiling at me across the table here but again, that's -- it's a phenomenal facility and I'm sure we can stretch that one, yes.
Theresa Wagler: I would just kind of summarize; that we actually have over three -- probably close to 350,000 tons of extra capacities and today on the flat roll side and that's improved in value added mix as we start to ramp up the paint line which is still not being utilized fully, we don't get there by the middle of next 2018 results volume and upgrade at margins capability but we also have off our 300,000 tons of SBQ which is our second highest margin product, that's available based on 2017 shipments. And you have about 700,000 tons in the [indiscernible] between structural and rebar [ph]. So we've got close to 1.4 million tons of additional latent capacity network fall of it that's still available to us and that's without additional projects that tend to come about from time to time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris [ph] with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: A quick question just on the tax rate changes; so you guided to 24% to 25% going forward. So for the books rate, in terms of the CapEx changes on the 100% CapEx expensing and the rate measurement you've done now on deferred tax assets and liabilities; what -- how do we think about the cash tax rate going forward? Is that going to be pretty close to the book rate or is there some deviation over 2018?
Theresa Wagler: It could be slightly less than 2018 with the expensing of the fixed asset but not appreciably though I would still stay in that range. From a modeling perspective, I think you will be closer but there could be some reduction and again, just depends on the CapEx spend. So right now you know how they ignore that and I would say we're somewhere around 24.5%.
Unidentified Analyst: Just in terms of the talk of NAFTA and I noticed you chatting earlier about the plans with the ode of exposure at the Columbus mill; how do you think about any potential renegotiations and how that might end up?
Mark Millett: Again, being a little speculative but I believe the negotiations are -- kind of ongoing. I think they meet in (Montreal yesterday or today) I do believe. I think if you look at the trade balance and the importance of Canada, maximum to the U.S., it is an extreme issue for that agreement to be council, I'm sure it's going to be negotiated, I'm sure it's going to be modified to some degree, it's 25 years old, so it probably needs some tweaking. But we're quite confident that [indiscernible] Mexico is going to continue to strike.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Timna Tanners: I just want to follow up on the capital allocation question to the extent that you can provide any color there I know. On the last call I had in my notes, you were talking about aggressive buybacks while you were waiting to deploy cash and this quarter seemed to slow down so maybe I misinterpreted but I just want to ask about that and then see if I can get a little bit more color from you on the types of opportunities you would consider?
Theresa Wagler: From aggressive buyback perspective, Timna, we do have opportunistically and systematically really had to do more with the program that we had in place and so I would more efficiently -- we plan to finish the current authorization of $173 million and we re-evaluate from that point forward depending on where we are. We feel this is same as we did back in three or four calls, so I wouldn't read anything into that, so that's the only one existing way back in the fourth quarter. Mark?
Mark Millett: And from a standpoint of transaction, again, I'm not going to elaborate anymore other than the focus is steel. It is sort of value added processing and pull through sort of volume type opportunities.
Theresa Wagler: And note, there are opportunities that are sizeable, so that's
Timna Tanners: And you had said in the past that you could look at several deals adding up to a value that resumes kind of the leverage that you've had in the past with your recent debt metrics kind of it -- what we calculated to be 11-year lows; is that still the case?
Theresa Wagler: I don't know, I haven't calculated in 11-years, this is our 25th year anniversary. So I would say that Tenor [ph] is a completely different company, both in size and capability and so it's natural that our credit metrics have improved because in the past we've not let dilute shareholders, by issuing equity we really prefer to use that market to -- we're very thankful and very supportive with it. So I do believe that there are deals that will put additional leverage on the company but at a very appropriate position.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael [ph] with JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: I have a question on one of your competitors with those announced acquisitions [indiscernible]. I'm just wondering, how do you view the implications with Steel Dynamics not just on the fabrication
Theresa Wagler: Michael, I'm sorry you are cutting out. Can you -- we only heard -- I think if you want to ask the question about the CMC acquisition but we couldn't hear anything after that.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, on the CMC acquisition I was just wondering the implications that you see if any on your scrap business, rebar business and the fabrication business going forward?
Mark Millett: On the scrap business Michael, there is no real overlap of influence. Russ?
Russ Rinn: I think from our perspective I don't think it changes the landscape to a great degree. I think to begin they are not necessarily in our footprint, those acquisitions and I think again, as all opportunities in scrap, if we've got it available at the right price they will buy from us, if we don't they won't.
Mark Millett: And I think on the product side Michael, the supply and demand balances are changing just as the nameplate on the company so to speak. It is positive that CMC has started to get into a little more -- sort of coil remodel and again, that actually helps us as customers do like optionality and I think it's going to improve our profile there.
Unidentified Analyst: And on the fabrication?
Theresa Wagler: The fabrication is a different type of fabrication Michael. So what we do in choice with that arena is that what CMC does with their fabrication, so I think there will be no impact.
Mark Millett: Yes, as we enter our push is to supply to independent sort of third-party fabricators, we're not coupling our output of rebar to actual fabrication itself. So it really sets us aside from our new core and CMC competitors in rebar.
Unidentified Analyst: Just going back to the 232 Mark, what would you think is the best outcome in terms of the format for 232?
Mark Millett: I've had a conversation with some folks in the industry and they put a matrix together and I think there were a dozen of different speculative outcomes and as I suggested the group, I think it's a [indiscernible] because who the hell knows what is going to be presented. I do believe it's a combination or individually but tariffs and/or quotes [ph] -- but again, it's speculative for us to comment.
Unidentified Analyst: Based on historical patterns, it's kind of one of the few ways if not the only way to get around the circumvention issue if you include the existing tariffs that are out there -- basically everybody is the only way to address this circumvention which I think is the heart of the issue?
Glenn Pushis: I would agree. We were very excited that the circumvention case got traction like it did, our ultimate further case is to help that but in a sense it's much like we mentioned in the past, it's [indiscernible] that you got to go and file these cases, it takes a lot of time and money to research every one of these; so 232 would be a broader and swifter action if they were in fact to cover some of these things but we're going to diligently pursue the remedies we're on and things that we can control in the meantime hoping to see what resolution is brought forth by the administration.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, I had a general question on the energy markets in terms of what your customers are telling you there and any color you can provide on the SBQ feel backlog momentum in that light?
Mark Millett: The momentum is -- I would say is almost incredible. Across all spheres, all segments with the exception of agriculture. I think energy is surprising us and we're getting some customers back today, particularly in the heavier diameters with 3-inch to 6-inch which has gone into the seamless pipe; so that is a good sort of tailwind for us. Afterload equipment our customer base is indicating some pretty massive growth, like 20% plus this year as is the truck industry. So I think generally and we've always said in the past that energy rebar tends to be for us sort of a bad weather indicator to the steel consumer and economy as a whole; and when that kicks in, it brings me a lot of confidence, a lot of optimism going forward.
Phil Gibbs: And any color on the SBQ backlog Mark relative to maybe last quarter?
Mark Millett: Backlogs are up. Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: Yes, they are slightly up, it's robust. So spend good past six months for sure.
Phil Gibbs: And Theresa, any color you can provide on the flat roll mix in Q4?
Theresa Wagler: No, I apologize. So for the fourth quarter, we had rolled anti-no [ph] shipment for 869,000 tons, so for the total year it was 3,530,000 tons. For cold roll it was 112,000 tons in the quarter, where a total of 527,000 tons for the year. And for coated [ph], it was 678,000 tons or a total of 2,880,000 tons for the year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Charles Bradford: Question about the expansion rebar project at Columbus city; the capital cost -- I think you mentioned $80 million more to go but what's the total cost for that capacity?
Theresa Wagler: I'll check and start, [indiscernible] has confused everyone. There is two rebar project; the one at Rono [ph] which will be starting here at the first quarter, that will be $28 million; and the one [indiscernible] in total, that will be $5 million. So it's a total of about $107 million for those three of our projects and there are some carryover into next year for that capital but the total for Columbus city is $75 million.
Charles Bradford: But given some of your competitors adding new rebar capacity, it stands still higher capital cost than what you seem to have. What kind of operating cost advantage do you expect?
Mark Millett: Significant. I think you hit the nail on the head and that's why organic opportunities for us are so effective. And one has to recognize not only is the installation or the overhead cost low for the installed tons but the added utilization, you know, you add 250,000 tons to a mill that's doing 1.3 million last year, the overhead across all tons comes down dramatically. So the return is incredibly attractive.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, for the structural mill there is the 500,000 tons of additional full capacity with the three initiatives that Mark mentioned earlier and one pending the growth to the rebar division, the second is the [indiscernible], and the third component of the most significant in volume is this rebar project which to come online into this year. If we increased capacity at the structural division better than in ton, that's about $20 to $25 per ton benefit in cost conversion across all the volumes; so it is really meaningful to have these initiatives in place.
Charles Bradford: Do you have a figure for what your total shipments to what AISI [ph] called military and other ordinance might have amounted to last year?
Theresa Wagler: Chuck, I'm sorry. If it was informed me, I would have no idea, I would have no way of guessing.
Charles Bradford: On an area that maybe a little bit more significant; your focus on the automotive, do you have any information on what the difference might be between the steel content of an electric vehicle made by someone like General Motors versus a more standard vehicle maybe in percentage terms or whatever measure you might have?
Mark Millett: I'm looking around the room, we're all shaking our heads to be specific and not give you a number.
Glenn Pushis: It depends on the type of automobile but also the types of seals, so while flat roll may decrease slightly, we may see an increase of SBQ in those cars but the transmissions in the drive trains; as far as the flat roll; still we do anticipate some material changes. So the net effect will be a smaller content with steel in most cases but it does change because without the big engine and there are some structural members of the car they are added; so we're more interested in what the net changes and the type of parts and where our seals can find happy homes in these cars in the future. So while the content may shrink a little bit, we look at opportunities growing both of SBQ and flat roll to fill these new needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Sean Wondrack: When we think about moving forward into the next few months with scrap looking to be sort of sideways as you explained and your lag to basically realizing the higher sales prices; should we expect kind of that dynamic to move in the right direction where you should have steel prices moving a little higher but scrap being kind of move sideways?
Mark Millett: I think we expect that over the longer term through these, yes.
Sean Wondrack: And then just quickly -- somebody mentioned it earlier but your debt metrics are really strong at this point; I mean they are one turn net leverage, you generated a ton of free cash flow even after share buybacks, have you got in discussing with the rating agencies, you're right on the cusp of lessoning grade [ph]. Is there anything we should expect there or have you been speaking with them? Could you give us anymore color there please?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we had an active dialogue with the agencies, we have to really track their relationship with them, and so we're now -- I agree with you, our credit metrics are partly strong and definitely I would say they are investment grade today and frankly, when you look at our issuances on the debt market and the capital market, we're getting very good pricing there as well. But the idea that we're really are traditional right now is transactional growth and transactional growth that we think could be meaningful. We really do want to use our balance sheet versus our equity or [indiscernible]; and so I think right now it's more of a unique timeframe where we're positioned from going over thinking there is growth opportunity that we just kind of --we're having conversations with them that we feel pretty good at where we are at the moment.
Operator: Okay, thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Brenda. And thank you for those that may still be on the call. I think I will look our position as a company is phenomenal as we move into and through 2018. We have a general upward momentum for the markets in general, SDI has been outlined, we have a considerable number of sort of internal catalysts, earnings catalysts that differentiate us from our peer group I do believe. And then any two sections to clear two action, our infrastructure bill is just going to compound that and be cream on the top. So we're looking for a phenomenal year and we want to share that with you all and any customers and employees, any community members on the call too; thank you for your support, we can't do this without you all and we were just recently by Fortune Magazine what everyone wants, worlds most admired, or one of the most admired companies; again, we have almost 8,000 employees driving -- drive us towards that and thank you all. Have a good day, be safe.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Mark Millett - President & CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Russ Rinn - EVP, Metals Recycling Operations Glenn Pushis - SVP, Steel Operations, Long Private Steel Group
Analysts: Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies Alex Hacking - Citi Novid Rassouli - Cowen and Company Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Brett Levy - Seelaus Capital Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse Sean Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Charles Bradford - Bradford Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, October 19, 2017 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations' Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations' Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Private Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Third Quarter 2017 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter call. We appreciate you all sharing time with us today. I'd like to thank the entire SDI team for maintaining a strong quarter-over-quarter performance and what was a challenging market environment and also express my sincere appreciation to our customers for their continued loyalty and support. Also I'd like to express our sympathy to those impacted by the hurricanes. Thankfully, our employees and their families remain safe during the storms, but our thoughts and prayers remain with those less fortunate. And before I pass it over to Theresa to comment on our third quarter financial results, I'd like the team to wish her Happy Birthday. Theresa, floor is yours.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Not sure, when did you know that. I also want to recognize the strong performance of the team really across the entire company all the platforms performed very well. Our third quarter 2017 net income was $153 million or $0.64 per diluted share including debt refinancing and repayment charges of $8 million pretax or $0.02 per diluted share. And for those of you that are wondering that $8 million is actually included in other expense on the income statement. Excluding these items are third quarter 2017 adjusted net income was $158 million or $0.66 within our adjusted guidance of between $0.63 and $0.67 per share. Third quarter 2017 revenues were on par with sequential second quarter sales at $2.4 billion with increased revenues across all three platforms. As average quarterly sales prices remain fairly steady and volumes marginally increased. Our third quarter operating income increased 2% sequentially to $271 million with improvement realized across all three platforms. But primarily result of higher engineered bar, structural and merchant steel shipments. Despite continued pressure from excess domestic production capacity and elevated imports for structural and merchant steel products. For the third quarter 2017, total steel shipments increased 2% sequentially to 2.5 million tons. Flat roll shipments were slightly lower, while long product steel volumes increased 6%. And for those of you, who are tracking our models of flat roll shipment. Hot roll coil and pickled and oil shipments were 863,000 tons in the quarter. Cold roll 136,000 tons and coated which included painted and galvanized 734,000 tons. Steel operating income increased $6 million or 2% to $280 million in the quarter, a result of higher long product shipment outpacing marginal metals spread compression. Our average quarterly external steel selling price decreased $1 per ton to $778 in the third quarter. Their average scrap cost increased $2 per ton to $305. For metals recycling platforms various metals spreads due to improved average quarterly scrap sales price and relatively heavy shipments resulting in third quarter 2017 operating income of $21 million. Additionally the team's done a great job optimizing cost throughout the business. With year-to-date 2017 operating income of $62 million more than doubled in last year's performance. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of vertically integrated model, benefiting both steel mills and the scrap operations. Metal recycling continues to support our steel mills sending 62% of their ferrous shipments internally. Our fabrication operations achieved record shipments for the third consecutive quarter, a continued indicator that the non-residential construction market is improving. Order backlog and order entry also remained robust. Third quarter 2017 operating income increased sequentially to $22 million, an 8% improvement related to higher shipments and some improvements now realized sales price. During the third quarter 2017, we generated cash flows from operations of $226 million year-to-date we've generated $548 million with operational working capital growing by $231 million, based on overall market improvement. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $128 million, we estimate full year 2017 capital expenditures to be about $190 million for the year. We maintained our cash dividend for the third quarter $0.155 per common share and we've repurchased $237 million of our common stock this year, with $99 million repurchased in the third quarter alone. We have $188 million that remained authorized. [Indiscernible] $450 million program, which we initiated October, 2016. We believe these actions have led the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and competence in our future. In September, we issued $350 million of new 4.125% senior notes due 2025 to repay our existing 6.375% senior notes due 2022. At September 30, 2017 we repaid $183 million of the existing senior notes, repaying the remaining amount of $167 million on October 13. As a result, our September balance sheet depicts excess cash and current debt of $167 million each. As mentioned, third quarter 2017 pretax earnings were reviewed by $8 million as a result of refinancing. Given the October final call date, fourth quarter 2017 pretax earnings will also be reduced by $6.6 million related to the refinancing charges. After giving it back to the October payment. Total debt of $2.4 billion remained consisted and liquidity remained strong at $2.1 billion with $935 million in adjusted cash and $1.2 billion of available revolver. These transactions extended our overall debt maturity profile and provided an estimated annual interest savings of $8 million. An incredible outcome, the team did a great job and we appreciate the continued support in the capital markets. Third quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA with $347 million with trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA at a near record $1.4 billion. The strength of our recycled cash generated coupled with the strong credit and capital structure profile provides great opportunity for continued organic and transactional growth. We're squarely focused and on track for the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. As we turn in best in class financial results. The welfare of our employees remains our crucial focus of. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating, maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance continues to improve and remains significantly better than the industry averages. So far this year, we've further reduced our total recordable injury rate 19%, with 76% of our locations being incident-free. A sincere thanks go to the SDI family for an outstanding job, that challenge each and every one of us to remain focused and stride to our ultimate goal, zero-incident environment. Steel platform performed well in the quarter. Our production utilization was 92%, once again remarkably better than the estimated domestic industry rate of 75%. This is true in large part having one of the most diversified and value added product portfolios in the industry. In aggregate, we still have over 1 million tons of unused steel shipping capability, most of which is highly correlated to the construction sector. The management construction sector continues to improve, energy still has a long way to go, but we assume a continued positive demand trend. We're also seeing improved demand for heavy off road equipment and more general, industrial, manufacturing at Cats. Diversely [ph] the demand for the domestic automotive sectors turned down from a record - it still remains at historically strong levels. Fortunately, we continue to gain market share particularly at Columbus flat roll division, as they focus on automotives, direct sales and leverage our cost effective access to the Mexican market. The forecast continue to show increased demand. Slide to market dynamics, we continue to position our company for the future through the investment in our operations and to improve and manage our destiny. Within our flat roll operations we upgraded the hot roll galvanizing line and our Butler flat roll division, adding 180,000 tons of value added coding capability for a capital investment of only $15 million. The additional capacity came online this past May and is ramping up quickly. We also continue to ramp up the production of the new $100 million paint line at our Columbus flat roll division, which initiated prime shipments in the first quarter of this year. The new line provides 250,000 tons of annual coding capability and further diversification into some of our highest margin products. Complementing the two existing Indiana paint lines. This new line is state-of-the-art facility producing high quality HVAC appliance and double-wide steel. As geographic location facilitates economic access to the Southern US-Mexican markets. We anticipate the new paint line to be running close to full capacity by mid-year 2018. Columbus continues to be a significant earnings catalyst. The changes in the team has already made transformational and there are still more to come. The successful market and product diversification that was achieved over the last two years, is one of the key differentiators for our improved through cycle profitability and will continue to benefit the coming years as well. Despite an improving non-residential construction trend, non-product capacity utilization remained challenged, running on average between 70%, 75%. Much of the increased demand over the last 18 months has been absorbed by imports of standard beams and shapes along with considerable volume of prefabricated structural steel. Nonetheless our structural and merchant steel shipments increased in the quarter. And show increase due to through cycle utilizations, we're investing in our long product steel metals. We have three specific initiatives to increase the utilization and our structural metal division, which is been running on average between 70% to 75% capacity off late. First, we're growing production of [indiscernible] quality balloons to send to our engineered bar divisions. As it has excess rolling capacity. This should improve through cycle utilization at both facilities. Over the next 18 months ,we plan to increase this volume through an annualized rate in excess of 150,000 tons. This past quarter we transferred over 23,000 tons. Second, we further diversified our structured division's product offerings and recently began the production of large unequal leg angles and heavy clamps [ph]. We plan to enter the market in fall, the first of next year starting as much as 100,000 tons annually. Third, we recently announced $75 million expansion to utilize existing access melting and casting capability there. The project will further diversify our product portfolio and market sector exposure through the annual production of 240,000 tons of reinforcing bar. Coiled custom cut to length and smooth bar. Our intended business model should substantially enhance the current supply chain providing meaningful logistic yield and working capital benefits for the customer. In addition, we will be the large independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region. We expect begin operations by the end of 2018. Our Vulcan operation will provide a pull-through opportunity for this rebar project. As they currently consumed between 30,000 to 40,000 tons of smooth bar annually. In aggregate, these initiatives provide for approximately 500,000 tons or over 25% the potential traditional annual utilization of our structural and rail division over the next 24 months. We believe this will provide a material improvement in future through cycle utilization and obviously profitability. We're also investing $28 million to utilize excess melting and casting capability in our rolling and bar division. We are adding equipment that will allow for multi-strand slitting and rebar finishing of 200,000 tons per year. Similar to our Midwest investment, we expect to have strong market penetration as we will be the one of the largest independent producers of rebar in the Virginia area as well. We expect commissioning in the beginning in the first quarter of 2018. The profitability of our metals recycling platform remained aligned with strong performance demonstrated in the first half of 2017. For the third quarter, ferrous metal spread expansion related to higher prices and steady shipments. Additionally the team continues to optimize administrative and operating costs. [Indiscernible] operating income more than doubled compared to last year. We anticipate good scrap flows that continue throughout the fall and winter months, as the areas devastated by the hurricanes began to remove debris and rebuild. We anticipate this added supply that began impacting our chain in the coming months, further stabilizing scrap price environment. The fabrication platform also continued a strong performance achieving at third consecutive quarter record shipments. Order backlog remains strong. The team continues to achieve great market penetration of both choice [ph] and deck. Our fabrication operations purchased 330,000 tons of steel from SDI steel mills in 2016 and are on track to continue to purchase similar quantities in 2017. The power of pull-through volume fabrication sources steel from our own mills is a significant advantage to keeping our steel platform utilization rates higher during weaker demand environments. The New Millennium team continues to perform exceptionally well levering our national footprint and providing quality product. The ongoing strength of its business and continued customer optimism also drives positive insight into a continued strength of non-residential construction activity. On a macro market basis, we continue to have a positive view on domestic steel consumption. Domestic automotive production maybe coming off record levels, but we believe total mass production will continue to grow, as Mexico continues to expand production with current assets in place. This is highly complementary to our Columbus division's automotive strategy. Additionally, we believe that we continue to grow in construction and the energy sectors. This will be a solid foundation for a strong pricing environment as the macro market drivers continue to be persuasive. General global economies are showing some positive momentum. Strong internal China demand is reduced absolute level of exports and driven strong price appreciation. And additionally winner curtailments will add to upward pricing pressure. European pricing exceeds domestic pricing on a dilutive basis. So the arbitrage of domestic to global pricing has essentially evaporated with no incentive to apply foreign material. Imports will continue to decline through the fourth quarter and demand trend is positive and inventories are on the low side and mill lead times are pretty healthy. These dynamics could create a tight market and lead to significant price appreciation as we saw at the end of last year. In fact this could already be happening as recent order input rates have increased considerably as reflected by the recent price increases. On business model, execution in the long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation. Demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification, with low cost operating platforms supports our ability to maintain our best in class financial performance and differentiation. The company and the team are poised for continued organic and transactional growth. The strong character and the determination of our employees provides the foundation for our success. And I think each of them for their hard work and dedication. And remind them, safety is always our first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, for our customers, for our employees and shareholders alike. And look forward to creating new opportunities for all of us, in the years ahead. So again, thank you for your time today. And Doug, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: I'll start with one question on the flat roll division, please. Can you give us the better sense of the anticipated impact on flat roll volumes in the fourth quarter for anticipated outages that you've provided in the call this morning?
Theresa Wagler: Seth, the $25 million collectively does include excess expense, but it also includes the impact of those reduced volumes. We specifically didn't foresee the amount of specific volume reduction in the release itself, but it does include both of those items and a significant part of that, really is the reduced volume versus the extra expense.
Seth Rosenfeld: Thank you. Can you just give us some sense of the tonnage that might be impacted and one, I have a follow-up question to that as well. You've flagged earlier the impact of elevated port inventory overhang on price in the last quarter. Can you give us since what the situation is like today, please?
Mark Millett: I think Seth the impact from both Columbus and Butler is going to be in the vicinity of.
Unidentified Company Representative: About 100,000 tons between the two facilities.
Theresa Wagler: And about any extra volume that was exported.
Mark Millett: Well I don't think there is any way true to getting sort of compensated volume. I do believe obviously people or traders themselves ahead Section 232, we do believe that volume is or has been joined over the last several months. We believe that the market will tell you that in conjunction with the decline in order input, will tighten the market by the end of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Hacking: Mark, you just mentioned that you've seen order input rates ticking up recently. Maybe could you give a little more color there? If that in - is that more in flat products or long products or I guess how recently have you seen that tick up and what kind of magnitude is it? Thank you.
Mark Millett: On the long product side, things are relatively flat, order input rate wise. The increase is been definitely on the flat roll sheet side of our business. It's probably just this last week, that we've seen that, it's considerable and it's parallel the market that we saw last year. If you look back last year, I think it was September in that case. There was a low hesitation - customers sort of order input rate, it was very short lived four weeks and all of a sudden things normalized and I think, we're seeing that same market environment today. People anticipated. I think that the certain mark was going to come up area in October, held back their orders accordingly. And now people getting back in the market. I think our customers are recognizing that the market is bottomed and we're seeing, as I said a very positive order profile.
Alex Hacking: Thanks, that's very clear. And if I could just follow-up with one more. Let me ask about something. I'm sure you've been asked about it lot recently. Maybe comment on graphite electrode prices your contract, situation inventory and maybe just an overview of the situation there. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Well essentially, it hasn't impacted us in 2017 and we haven't - it's clear through the first quarter going in the second quarter of next year at 2017 prices. I think, there's a little bit of panic in that market price, I think people need to recognize the commodity markets, have a natural ability to balance themselves to reach kind of an equilibrium. The recent abnormal market skyrocketing spot prices I think is abated a little and we expect more normalized pricing environment prevailed in 2018. I think people are always seeing an expanded needle coke supply availability today. Given our longstanding relationships and some of us have been working with these folks 25, 30 years now. We will be considered a core customer, which ensures a committed supply throughout 2018, so supply for us I don't think is an issue whatsoever. I think, one can expect the tighter market and increased raw material input cost for the electrode producer will support somewhat higher pricing. Although I'm confident that they recognize, they can put the electric arc furnace producer at a cost disadvantage to the integrated competition, as they would lose market share, so prudence will prevail. Our expectation is for pricing to be at a more normalized level of two - in a range of two to three times, 2017 pricing. And I think, as you probably know it's not a significant impact to SDI, as electrodes are currently less than about half of percent of our cost [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Novid Rassouli from Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Novid Rassouli: On the engineered bar side, the level of shipments I don't think we've ever seen these in years maybe this is even potentially a record. I was just wondering if you can discuss how you're seeing the end markets shaping up and maybe just a give a little bit more color on the strength that we've seen this year.
Mark Millett: Honestly we added the 300,000, 350,000 tons of capacity back in, when was that. About 18 months ago and two years and that is been ramping up so that's given us - provided a new capability. We still have quite a long way to go, to fill out that utilization which is a good news. I think in almost in every market we've seen more strength, we've been taking up automotive that's not necessarily - because the automotive strength but the expansion that we made and if you remembered on the lower diameter, smaller diameter size range which is principally the automotive range, so we've been penetrating picking up market share. Teams have done a very, very good job there. Off-road equipment, heavy machinery is been up, the Caterpillars of the world, the John Deere's ensuring positive momentum so that's been good. And we've also been beneficiary of the recovering energy markets. We put material into seems two markets and also into forging, for valves and those sorts of things. Generally pretty good there, industrial and manufacturing is also picking up a little bit. The only area of weakness and it's in weak for more than two years now and that's agriculture.
Theresa Wagler: Novid just a bit reminder that 325,000 ton expansion in the smaller diameter really made for the engineered bar, both had extra rolling capacity versus melting capacity and that's the reason for one of the initiatives we'll be sending blue from a structural norm down to engineered bar so we can fully utilize that 950,000 tons of rolling capacity.
Novid Rassouli: Got it, great. And then the second question is just given the strength that we've seen I guess on your long products relatively to the flat products recently, do you guys see kind of path to utilizing this million tons of latent capacity, I know we've talked about in the past and it seems like a great opportunity for you to unlock potential leverage and the model and so just wanted to see, if you guys had any thoughts about kind of, if the past to utilizing that is becoming more clear now versus six to 12 months ago. Thanks.
Mark Millett: I think the non-residential construction markets will continue to incrementally increase and as such we will increase with that. It's a very competitive market arena. Obviously if there was an infrastructural build and it will be momentous for us to utilize that as additional capacity. But we always have focused ourselves on what we can do to control our own destiny, we don't manage to hope, we don't hope that markets are going to come back, we don't hope that we're going to have to trade cases to protect ourselves. Hence the diversification projects that we've got in place. Given another 12 months, if the structural and rail division will have a total different complexion and I believe not unlike the transformation that we've had at Columbus but we'll see the same at Columbia City.
Theresa Wagler: And in addition to that, we have the 500,000 tons that we're focusing which is kind of half of that volume structural and rail division. But you also have the additional 200,000 tons related to rebar at rolling and bar division, there is a lot of things internally that will start to hopefully unlock in the next 12 to 24 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Mark, it's interesting you were talking some improvement last week, but I guess I wanted to ask you why we've seen the slippage in the spot price because in hot roll, right as you say your imports have been slipping and they haven't been competitive, we've heard that for the last month or so and yet we've seen the spot price slipped, we just hear that the mills are calling around looking for business, is that typical seasonality or is there something more to be concerned about there is that just with scrap prices. Can you tell us why maybe we can [indiscernible] a bit?
Mark Millett: Well Timna I think we are actually a little confused by it as many of our customers are. And again it parallels last year. and if you can answer why we saw four weeks of the industry, not just SDI but the industry saw a four week low, back then I think it's the same this year. My only explanation will be again anticipation of lower spot pricing in October just like take the foot off the pedal. You see underlying demand. Underlying demand just doesn't change overnight. I believe underlying demand into October last year, continue to on this path and that demand is in place today, this year as well.
Timna Tanners: Okay, so some seasonality you're saying is a contributing bidding factor.
Mark Millett: Seasonality to me is seasons, which is two to three months or a quarter. This literally is four weeks.
Timna Tanners: Okay, fair enough. And then my other question was really about you and several of the other mills have been talking about targeting the Mexican market with new galv lines and so on, it's been quite a lot of activity in Mexico or near the Mexican border. I just want to ask, I'm getting this questions from clients but are you hearing any - are you getting any concern over the NAFTA rework and what that might mean for your business in the region going forward?
Mark Millett: I don't see any renegotiation in NAFTA impacting our business. The US, the Mexican are both incredibly dependent on each other. There's a massive expansion of demand, of industrial activity in Mexico that the US is dependent on. So I don't see any inhibition of flow between the two country.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: I just had a question on the merchant bar in B markets. Obviously pretty substantial price cuts at least in terms of the list pricing. I know part of that was for pricing transparency, but wondering if we should think about any modest realized pricing pressure for you in Q4 or are you anticipating those prices are going to be reasonably stable versus where they were because pretty draconian kind of cut from our perspective.
Mark Millett: I would agree that was draconian, but the impact will be somewhat flattish there could be some off the smaller consumers that see that drop, but there will be kind of an averaging out of just the pricing meeting whether the actual pricing is playing out.
Phil Gibbs: I appreciate that Mark and follow-up from me is on the side of rail. I know that's tucked in the structural division right now and we don't have as much visibility on it, but just curious in terms of what you're seeing in that market in terms of demand and pricing dynamics. Thanks very much.
Glenn Pushis: Phil, this is Glenn Pushis. I would tell you that we're seeing it to be solid still through the year, but flat through the four quarter. We anticipate next year to still see the standard stability that we've seen in the last two years. Obviously rail has it's challenges right now to rail roads on endeavour [ph] challenges, so they look to have basically a flat line through 2018 as what they're telling us.
Theresa Wagler: So Phil from, actually an interesting point if you look at the structural and rail division shipment. You would have seen the typical there is seasonality within rail. So the third quarter is always the weakest quarter in rail volume that the rail roads determine what they're going to be needing for the coming year. And so that additional bump in volume is really on the construction side, it's on the [indiscernible] which again points to the strength of the construction market itself. So we would expect both rail and shipment back to improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jorge Beristain: I just wanted to ask, what your view was on the recent price from a competitor again to beat a dead horse, but do you think that we're just exiting this kind of one month air pocket and there is rationale in the market to take pricing higher?
Mark Millett: Again not to be redundant, but the maximum environment at least would suggest to me that the pricing should already be higher than where we're today. We've seen this low, the aftermarket pricing came up some and softened. It didn't come to the same sort of debt to softening that we saw last year that came up, not as much. And everything seems to be in place for a stronger market again. China is reversed they've got sort of a better internal demand. They're absolute export levels of triple down and not just tripled down or probably I don't know half what they were last year, year-over-year and their pricing is, Asian pricing in general is appreciated. View that's kind of come out of the debt of steel recession where they're seeing some positive movement, their pricing on a dilutive basis to the US is at par not more expensive than domestic pricing. And so the arbitrage really is just as I said earlier is just evaporated and if you look at the historic range of spread between domestic pricing and global pricing we should be much higher than where we are today. Given the demand trend is positive, so the centers have come up a little, they're not at that historic low that they were two or three months ago, but they're still at a reasonably low level. And imports should be moderating, continue moderate and decline through the fourth quarter. So I just see it setting up a very, very positive pricing environment for the first quarter of 2018 and all the way through 2018.
Jorge Beristain: Right, so the global set up is great. But what about domestic recent scrap weakness being down $30, $40 a month. Do you think that there is a little bit of pause in the market as clients might be waiting to get some of that benefit of the lower raw material cost passed onto them?
Mark Millett: I think they have waited, but they are now returning to the market place. Russ, do you want to give some color on scrap?
Russ Rinn: Yes. I think certainly we saw a production in October, but our outlook is, we did fourth quarter here, it's going to get marginally stronger on the scrap side. It will take a little bit of time with the outages that are out in the fourth quarter from the steel mills, we'll see a trend upward verse the fourth quarter. Certainly will add all steel mills.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Seelaus Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Levy: I've noticed one of your potential suppliers is putting up $700 million towards plant in Toledo which resides on the Indiana border and spending another bit of money to expand production capacity in Canada. As you guys look as SBQ and flat roll and that sort of thing, sort of forward towards the future. You see yourselves picking up market share in little end products a little flat roll, SBQ relative to integrated in the next five to 10 years.
Mark Millett: Well I think we've shown that we've been picking up market share already and that will certainly continue, but obviously getting to sort of capped out position relative to volume, it's that three one-ish today and I think still tweak a little, but it's - those guys have been tweaking for 20 years. Amazingly tweaking for 20 years and I think we're sort of capacity there. The Columbus sort of 3.4 million ton production capability today. So that mill really hasn't sort of pressed, we spent the last two years since we pushed the reconfiguring the product portfolio diversifying the market exposure and team's done a phenomenal job there. They've done a phenomenal job developing new products and part of the shutdown here in fourth quarter is to change it according capability so that we can coil thicker, wider, higher strength materials so it's going to be expanding a product mix. So that mill will go into sort of optimization of productivity, so I think this is certainly volume growth there. We will continue to penetrate and increase market share.
Theresa Wagler: And Brett, we can't forget the tax as well, there is another probably 250,000 tons of capacity available at Texas [ph] so there is still room in the flat roll.
Brett Levy: All right, so I mean sort of kind of point down at [indiscernible] degassing and various things added perhaps in the future what's with, they have 10 years from [indiscernible] dynamics [indiscernible] before.
Mark Millett: Well we have degassing capability at the Columbus facility again we continue - industry continues to work its way up the quality curves so to speak, but we are able to supply pretty much anything on the car, today with the exception of the exposed skin. The exposed skin volume actually is kind of deteriorated over the last five to six, 10 years as plastics and other things have become dominant there. And so the exposed volume total is not a massive part of the automotive segment and so we're really not missing add on much. Most of the car to be supplied by Butler and SDI phase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with our question.
Curt Woodworth: Two questions. Just one on the electrode dynamic, you talked about sort of normal market pricing roughly 2X to 3X above, this year. But we're clearly not in a normal market. So do you think that the contract price for next year would settle something meaningfully above that and have you guys thought about implementing electrode surcharge, to I think some of your competitors out?
Mark Millett: We got someone [technical difficulty] but I think, when I say 2X to 3X. I believe that's probably the pricing range for 2018. But again there's going to be a bifurcation I do believe between cold customers and sort of new entrants and probably folks in Europe and Turkey they might see a very, very different price. But I think two or three times could be an expectation for next year.
Curt Woodworth: Okay and then with regards to capital deployment running pretty low leverage in balance sheet generating a lot of cash, do you see the potential for something more transformative in terms of the acquisition opportunity for you guys this year and what would be your comfort level in terms of I guess in the short run how much leverage you're willing put on the balance sheet?
Mark Millett: You never know when opportunities arise, so timing wise I would say we - it will happen when it happens. I think, it should discipline in the past, we're not emotional and going and spend the cash because we got it on the balance sheet. So we are going to be prude. I would tell you that the last 18 months the pipeline has been relatively full of opportunities and the pipeline remains full and we keep assessing different projects in three principal areas, one obviously steel, we can't forget that we are steel producers and teams have done a pretty damn good job at that. They also do a phenomenal job at things processing sort of value add opportunities and then thirdly, there is a focus on manufacturing where we could increase our pull-through volume from our mills.
Theresa Wagler: Curt regarding the leverage, we just add to that our there are preference for recycle, not leverage less than three times so obviously the capacity on the balance sheet with EBITDA $1.4 billion is significant enough for us to be able to do something transformative and yet, still be very strong I think from a credit profile. And in addition to that, as we are looking at all these M&A opportunities which are several, we also are still redeploying our resources through both positive dividend profile which we kept over the last numerous years as well as levering the repurchase program which you saw we utilized that more aggressively in the third quarter and then we were thinking that, that could be something that we do on a go forward basis as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Wondrack: My question is more about the infrastructure market. Obviously the US dollar was very strong making it attractive for Turkey to export over here on the long product side. Obviously with the weakening of the US dollar become less attractive to them. Have you seen pricing began to expand in the infrastructure market and do you think that there is plausibly some demand some additional demand coming from the rebuilds and even on the auto side with all the cars that were lost in the storms. Thank you.
Mark Millett: But I believe certainly on the auto front. If the slide was up, different people report different numbers, but anywhere from 500,000 to 800,000 cars are lost. Those folks will come back to market. Obviously there's a certain timing for insurance sort of reconciliation on all that process for them to come back. So I would say, on the automotive side we're - asked to unfortunately we'll bring a little bit of bright light there and the rebuild we'll have an incremental impact on just construction volume themselves. I think we're forecasting just incremental growth in the products for 2018, no hockey stick. Unless there were to be an infrastructure build and then it would be quite considerable.
Theresa Wagler: Aside from the things that we're doing internally with the initiatives that we mentioned in structural and rail division.
Mark Millett: Yes, that's just meaning that the market plays itself.
Sean Wondrack: Right and have you begin to see pricing move up in those markets at all?
Mark Millett: That thing is still relatively flat there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: A few more follow-up questions please. When it comes to the beam market given the continued import pressure that you've seen and the recent price cuts that had to be taken. I was wondering if you can comment on why there is been no trade action here to-date. Is an area that you might be doing some work on, we could expect some progress into 2018 or is there a reason why there is going to be less progress in this direction for being what we've seen on the flat side to-date.
Mark Millett: Within the beam market, it tends to be much more complicated process to prove injury. It's a very diverse fragmented industry about hundreds and hundreds of different fabricators out there. And so just the process that bring a trade case is difficult, there is work being done on that. That's where in almost the sort of Section 232 could probably bring most benefits, certainly the most benefit to SDI because I do believe that the prefabricated structural and what I call straight - imports are going to be included, we believe.
Seth Rosenfeld: It's great, thank you. And one more please. I remember last quarter you had some challenges in the ramp up of Butler galv line and also the paint line in Columbus. Can you just confirm what are the status of these two projects and perhaps expected ramp up schedule into 2018?
Mark Millett: On the galv line and Butler it was anticipated start up progress, it's actually moving along very well still, we expanded the capabilities of alliance. So as we get more experience, we will allow the sales force to go out and take advantage of that and that's proceeded exactly as we had hoped. The paint line in Columbus is also doing very well. There is a lot of trials and approval processes that are involved as we enter into new markets in the Southern US and those trials are doing very well today as well, these are very complicated products. So we've been having our customers in shops helping us and it's really been great opportunity for the team and all of our paint line folks have been circling back and forth between the various lines we have, so it's a great time and we think we are on a good progress to earn some awards for next year. So more and more of these are approved, we see the ramp up picking up. So we kind of to the side, space for these as we get products approved and then we grow into them. So we don't want to let people down, but we're also pushing the team pretty hard.
Theresa Wagler: Thing about timing perspective the paint line in Columbus we believe will be at basically full run rate by mid-2018 and I would expect that market depending you can utilize as much of that additional 180,000 tons of galvanized line capacity in Butler next year as well.
Mark Millett: That's the plan. And the specific start up issue we had on the galv line painted product in the second quarter is absolutely totally behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Bradford: Recently the Chinese have really ballooned their exports of steel scrap, over 400,000 tons in August less than 900,000 for the eight months. Are you seeing any of that material coming here? And in the past, there's been quality issues by grade and what have you with Chinese scrap? Can you talk about that a bit?
Mark Millett: Well I don't think we've been a major consumer of Chinese scrap. We certainly have been a consumer of import of scrap from other countries at our Columbus, Mississippi market. Russ?
Russ Rinn: We aren't getting any Chinese scrap at least in our regions, we may have seen some on the West Coast, but if any I think most of that stuff is going on Southeast Asia.
Charles Bradford: What about the quality? I guess if you haven't seen any, you wouldn't know how good they're doing as far as dividing up the different grades and what have you?
Mark Millett: Chuck we haven't seen it to say one way or the other.
Charles Bradford: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well thank you, Doug. And again once again thank you for your time today and thank you employees for doing a phenomenal job in the quarter. Again quarter-over-quarter the performance relative to all our peers was I think significant, shows the differentiation in our company. We are dependent on our loyal customer base, so thank you customers that may be listening and to the shareholders. Again thank you for your support, we endeavour each and every day to make sure that we have a better shareholder appreciation than anyone else on the planet in the steel sector, so. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Mark Millett - President & CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Russel Rinn - EVP, Metals Recycling Operations Chris Graham - Steel Fabrication Operations, SVP, Downstream Manufacturing Group Glenn Pushis - Steel Operations, SVP, Long Private Steel Group Barry Schneider - SVP, Flat Roll Steel Group
Analysts: Brett Levy - Loop Capital Matthew Korn - Barclays Timna Tanners - Bank of America Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Alessandro Abate - Berenberg Sean Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Novid Rassouli - Cowen and Company Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alex Hacking - Citi Investment Research David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, July 20, 2017, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations' Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations' Chris Graham, Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Private Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia, and good morning everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings conference call and thank you for sharing your time with us today. I'd first like to thank the entire rest of my team for strong performance this past quarter and also express my sincere appreciation to our customers for their continued loyalty and support. We wouldnt be who we are without you. As usual, I'd ask Theresa to begin with the comments related to our financial results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I'd also like to recognize the efforts across the Company, delivering a really solid performance in the second quarter. Our net income was $154 million or $0.63 per diluted share which is squarely within our range between $0.60 and $0.64. This compares to net income of $142 million or $0.58 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016 and $201 million or $0.82 per diluted share in the sequential quarter. Second quarter 2017 revenues were on par with sequential first quarter sales at $2.4 billion, based on higher average steel selling value making up for a lower shipment. Our operating income for the second quarter decreased 21% to $265 million compared to the sequential first quarter. The decrease in earnings was primarily driven by our flat roll operations, as increased average scrap cost outpaced average sales price growth. Additionally, as mentioned in our mid-quarter guidance, we upgraded and expanded one of our galvanizing mines at our Butler Flat Roll Division, which required a three week average in May, increasing expenses and reducing value added shipments. The Columbus Flat Roll Division experienced some startup issues as well in the paint line, which also increased expenses and decreased value-added flat roll shipments in the quarter. Combined these two events, reduced potential second quarter of 2017 pretax earnings by an estimated $30 million. For the second quarter, operating income from our steel operations declined $79 million or 22% to $274 million, a result of metal spread compression and some mixed shift within the Flat Roll Group, coupled with lower long product shipment. Our average quarterly steel selling price increased $36 per ton to $779 in the second quarter. However, our average scrap cost increased $39 per ton to $303. For the second quarter 2017, total steel shipments decreased to 2.4 million tons about 2%. Flat roll shipment stayed steady, however, the mixed shift is a rough value-added sales based on the galvanizing added. Long product steel volumes declined 8%, primarily driven by lower structural and merchant steel shipment, as increased imports continued to pressure domestic buyers. Our metals recycling platform bears scrap shipment decreased 9% and metal spread also compressed. Demand was down slightly in the quarter, but primarily that driver of lower volume was in March 2017 sale of some of our non-core Southeastern U.S. location. Despite the metal spread compression, the team did a great job continuing to optimize costs throughout the business, resulting in a second quarter 2017 operating income of $20 million well aligned with the strong first quarter performance of 21 million. The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our vertically integrated model, benefiting both steel mills and the scrap operations. Metal recycling continues to maintain a higher-than-historical percentage of total internal ferrous shipments to support SDI steel mills at 62% in the second quarter. Our fabrication operations achieved record shipments for the second consecutive quarter, a continued indicator that the non-residential construction market is improving. Order backlog also remains very robust. Part of the second 2017 operating income from our fabrication operations decreased sequentially to $20 million, a decline of 15% due to metal spread compression only the higher average steel input cost, which obviously benefited our average. During the second quarter 2017, we generated cash flows and operations of $81 million, lower than the 240 during the first quarter, primarily related to acquire $152 million estimated tax payment that was related to the entire first half of the year. During the first half of '17, we generated cash flow from operations of $321 million with operational working capital growing by 234 million, based on market improvement. We maintained our cash dividend for the second quarter at $0.155 per share and we repurchased a $138 million of our common stock during the first half of the year pursuant to our board-authorized program. We believe these assets reflect the strength of our capital structure and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. At June 30, 2017, we maintained liquidity of $2.1 million comprised of our undrawn revolver and available cash of $909 million. Second quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA was $350 million of trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA at a record $1.4 billion. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with strong profile capital structure, provides great opportunity for our continued organic and inorganic growth. Were squarely focused on the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. And before I pass it back to Mark, I know there are few of you that view some different categories of shipment for flat roll in your model. So for the second quarter, our hot roll and P&L shipments were 940,000 tons, our cold roll shipments were 138,000 tons and our total shipments were 685,000 tones. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. Thanks for articulating especially some phenomenal financial results there. I think the team has done incredibly well. As I said in the past, the welfare of our employees remains our number one priority and nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains significantly better than the industry averages, and we continue to work toward a zero incident environment. And I would tell you that the team is doing a phenomenal outstanding job. So for this year, we reduced our total recordable injury rate by 22% and 79% of our locations there incidents-free. I applaud the entire SDI team for their dedication and continued focus. They truly are an outstanding growth. The steel platform performed well in the second quarter. Our production utilization was 91%, once again markedly better than the estimated domestic industry rate of 74% and in large part due to having one of the most diversified and value-added product profiles in the industry. The demand from the automotive sector remains steady, and the construction and energy sector continues to improve. Energy still has a long way to go, but we're definitely seeing a very positive demand trend. In May, we upgraded the hot roll organizing line at both of the double flat roll division, adding 180,000 tons of value-added coating capability for a capital investment of only $15 million. The additional capacity will benefit the second half of this year. We also continue to ramp up with production of a new paint line of the Columbus Flat Roll Division, which initiated prime shipment in the first quarter of this year. The new line provides 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and further diversification into some our highest margin products. We have two existing paint lines in Indiana, but this new line fully state-of-the-art facility, allowing for high quality in HVAC in our clients products, double-wide steel and facilitate access to the Southern U.S. and Mexican markets. The team did experience some quality related issues with aid to an equipment failure in the second quarter, which is quickly identified and is temporary contained with the final solution being planned to September. Columbus continues to be a significant earnings catalyst. The changes that the team has already made are transformational and I believe there is still more to come. The success for market and product diversification that was achieved over the last two years is one of the key differentiators for our improved profitability and we will continue to benefit coming year as well. Domestically, flat roll steel production utilization remained much higher than long product utilization. Flat roll steel benefitted from steady demand, coupled with an improved supply dynamics. Customers inventory levels remained at historical lows, however, value-added flat roll imports continue to increase. And compared to last year, cold roll and galvanized flat roll steel imports at 32% higher. Additionally, pipe and tube import continues to grow up 75% year-to-date. The slight continued numbers residential construction growth, structural emerging steel shipments declined in the quarter, driven by elevated input levels of both structural beam and prefabricated steel products. Although, our total quarterly production utilization rate was 91%, our long product divisions operated though at run rate 70% while meaning section structural beam only operated at 50% to 55% of its capacity. In coverage length, the Engineered Bar Products Division continues to see excellent momentum and operate at 70% of its current capacity, compare to just over 50% in '15 and '16, not only that we see improved demand for managing general instruments, but the division is also benefitting from internal supply to our recently acquired Vulcan bar operations. In aggregate, we still have over 1 million tons of unused steel shipping capability, but most of the late in capacity and construction related that could potentially be consumed by infrastructure and large civil engineering products. Our steel platform has several other earnings catalyst. Our recently announced 75% expansion of our Structural and Rail Division will utilize existing access metal and casting capability and further diversifying our product portfolio and market sector exposure. This project provides for the annual production of 240,000 tons of reinforcing bar including coil, custom cut to length and smooth bar. Our internal business model should substantially enhance the current supply-chain, providing meaningful time, yield loss and working capital benefits for the customers. In addition, it will be the largest independent rebar supplier in the Midwest region. Additionally, our Vulcan operation will also provide pull-through volume opportunity for this project. Vulcan currently consumes between 30,000 to 40,000 tons of smooth coil by annually. In aggregate, we should see a material improvement in future through cycle utilization at our structural division. We expect to be in operations with this new line by the end of 2018. We're also investing $28 million to utilize excess smelting and casting capability at our Roanoke Bar Division. We're adding equivalent that will allow to multi-strand slitting and rebar finishing of 200,000 tons. Similar to our Midwest investment, we expect to have strong market penetration as we will be the only independent producer reinforcing bar in the Virginia area as well. We expect to begin operations of this line at the end of 2017. The profitability of our metals recycling platform remain well aligned with strong first quarter results, quite low fair scrap shipments and metal spread in the second quarter, as the team continues to optimize administrative and operating cost. Even though, we have realigned some of the scrap assets after the March 2017 sale of some Southeastern U.S. locations, we're still reorganizing and expect some additional cost savings during 2017. We anticipate a continuation of the relatively strong U.S. dollar and good scrap flows, supporting ample scrap supply and more stabilized scrap price environment through the second half of the year. The fabrication platform continues strong performance, achieving a second consecutive quarter of record shipments and ending the quarter with a record high in order backlog. The team continues to achieve great market penetration in both choice and depth. Our fabrication operations purchased 330,000 tons of steel from SDI mills in 2016 and are on track to continue to purchase meaningful quantities in 2017. The power pull-through volume and fabrication sources steel from our own mills is a significant advantage to keeping our steel platform utilization rates higher through in weaker demand environments. The new millennium team continues to perform exceptionally well, levering our national footprint and providing quality product. The ongoing strength of this business and continued customer optimism also provides a very positive insight into the continued strength in non-residential construction activity. The steady growing steel demand, low supply chain inventories and a current trade cases in place the flat roll supply demand environment is positive. However, unfairly traded steel imports remains to be a concern, as certain foreign producers circumvent the existing trade laws as evidenced by recent increased import volume Despite imports, we continue to have a positive beyond the domestic steel consumption. Domestic automotive production may be edging off record levels, but we believe total net production will grow as Mexico continues to grow production with the current assets in place. This is obviously and very highly complementary to our Columbus division's automotive strategy. We believe it will be continued to growth from the construction center especially for the large public sector infrastructure projects, which would greatly benefit our long products group. We also anticipate continued improvement within the energy sector. I think our results say it all, but our business model and execution of our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our industry competition. Customer focus coupled with market diversification and low cost operating platforms, supports our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance and differentiation. The Company and the team are poised for continued growth and are incredibly excited. The strong character and determination of our employees provides the foundation for our success. And I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and dedication and remind them safety is always our first priority. We seem to focus on providing superior value for our company, our customers, employees and shareholders alike and look forward to creating new opportunities for all in the years ahead. So, again, thank you for your time today and Melissa, we love to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Levy: You guys have mentioned energy on a couple of different occasion, how much you'd substrate, in terms of sheet goes into the welded pipe business? And I mean you mentioned that sort of extra million tons. It sounds like construction and energy are the targets there, talk about kind of what you're seeing in demand for both of those end markets?
Mark Millett: I think our exposure to energy is lot lower today than it was when we first bought Columbus in end of 201. Obviously, as we said in the past and did today, the team has done a tremendous job of transforming that product mix away from energy. That being said were still participating in the pipe and tube arena. Barry and his team were focused on the higher grades there, not just the basic line pipe, but the highest strength grades that will accrue us greater margin. But Theresa, where are we actually, percentagewise? Do you know?
Brett Levy: Got it. All right. And then, lets see, we put our report in July on a competitor of yours who has exact same rating since yours, I am a bond guy, BA to BB plus. If you look at the credit states, even the ratings are same and they are very strong, they are much stronger and then we look against the largest competitor you have. Your credit states tend to look more like BA1 single and minus, which is their rating. And I'm thinking, if you look at cash debt net debt EBITDA interest equity market cap and how all them relate to each other. Isnt it time for you guys to be investment-grade because you look like it?
Theresa Wagler: Worth smiling in handing over to me, Brett.
Brett Levy: I'm sorry.
Theresa Wagler: No worries. No, you're fully correct with that credit metric, I mean, we're very proud of those. Were also in a unique environment where growth is still very much as a forefront, not just all unique but transactional as well. So I think that as we move in we've always said that we were very happy being where we were because we were treated very much like IG, but we actually were progressed to IG just because of our business model and I think were probably approaching that time line.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Matthew Korn with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Korn: So, it sounds like you anticipating fairly, steady maybe modestly improving demand environment on the net, over the second half. So first, is that a fair read? And then second, it seems like consensus thinking right now the market is that no matter what may or may not be announced policy-wise. It's being kind of an anticipatory freezing out of the import orders now that could drive a tighter market and the supply side, as we get into late summer and early fall. I wonder that's your expectation too and if that gets you even on its own excited about the pricing prospects over the second half?
Mark Millett: To answer your first question, absolutely, we're excited and very, very optimistic to the second half and not just the second half or going into 2018. I think the environment has turned and we are going to continue to see growth. If you look at flat roll and just thinking about the markets a part a little bit to answer your second question. The flat roll arena, I think remains very strong despite a slight turning of automotive. As we look internally, auto rate is absolutely solid and strong there. Our lead times are right where we want them to be, right about 3 weeks to 4 weeks for coil and 5 weeks and 6 weeks for value-add. And it is just a very positive environment there, obviously, makeover came like with some of the $25 uptick in pricing, and I think the industry will likely hold at and the environment will admit to lower that at this state. The input numbers, obviously, inputs continue to come in and these are the inputs that have been ordered month, two months, three months and prior. The new input offerings I think through drive some event and then most for those in hold offerings in fact like the maturity of those offerings. The trade is the shifting the risk of any particular two actions to the customer. And I don't think to be honest that there are too many customers as they are wondering to take on any potential liability for the tariffs. So I think end of Q3 going to Q4, the actual input arrivals are going to drive that, I don't know whether they're going to drive that totally, but they are going to be substantially back. So, generally a very, very, very I think positive pricing environment. Construction continues to its incremental growth and I do believe and we can certainly take the advantage of that and we feel obviously is a very, very positive tailwind. So I think I agree with you. It's a very positive environment relative to just the sheet. You should look at the environment now you've got rising prices in Asia. We are appreciating all and kind of an appreciating a global cost curve. We've got positive demand trends in the U.S. It was incredibly lower inventory. It's almost astonishing, but the inventory is low as they are given the potential tightness that it's right there on the horizon. And I think that's a positive environment onto itself than on top of that and you create action from Section 232 or any implementation of the trade restraint is just a icing on the cake to drive that higher. So a very, very positive outlook, I would suggest. We are excited.
Matthew Korn: Thanks Mark. Can you us give us any color at all on what you're looking to have to do on the permanent fix versus the temporary fix for the new lines there at Columbus? And then I'll hand over it, thanks.
Mark Millett: Essentially, the issue was in this, what we call the snout that delivers the -- and protects the strip, the heating strip going into the galvanizing part, and we need to keep that in a very special, at a special temperature and also in a protected environment. The failure related to just bad design and bad construction of that snout, but the guys got in there, they fixed it. So, temporarily, there is not an issue. The problems have gone away and a brand new, I mean, Barry is delivering in September.
Barry Schneider: In the near future, it should be here for installation in September.
Mark Millett: In September.
Theresa Wagler: But Matt, there shouldn't be any incremental costs or outages related to that. So we're trying to think about whether or not that would isolate to second quarter. That was isolated in the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners: Just wanted to be completely clear that the 30 million impact, you talked about in as a result of some of the upgrades that you did in the first half are entirely behind you, and like run rate wise to exclude those is a reasonable way to look into the second half?
Theresa Wagler: Timna, yes, absent any differential market changes those were the things -- the $30 million for both Butler and Columbus is isolated the second quarter.
Timna Tanners: Okay super. And then just wanted to take a step back and ask you a little bit more philosophical question about capital allocation. I think Steel Dynamics has a great track record for organic growth and investing first in projects internally, but it just has me a little bit concerned seeing the capacity growth, in rebar capacity growth, in galvanized. You know, you're not the only one that's adding right, CMC's adding rebar, and Nucor is adding galvanized. And I'm just concerned, why the build over by at this point in the cycle, we've seen this play out with SBQ before where everybody added at the top of the market. Can you just give us a little bit more explanation as kind of why you're approaching the market in build versus buy?
Mark Millett: Well, the first and foremost, these projects are incredibly -- they're incredible users of capital, effective use of capital. If you talk about, how we're galvanizing line, we're adding 180,000 tons of new capability of $15 million. You compare that efficiency or effectiveness against building a new line or any other competition out there, I mean, it's just the right thing to do. Relative to rebar and maybe those ones a little bit wide, I'll share your thoughts, but again it's incredibly constructive use of capital, it's effective. Getting 200,000 tons or utilizing 200,000 tons of the excess smelt capacity at Roanoke is just the compression of the additional volume across all fronts. That's concerned onto itself. And similarly for the Structural and Rail Division, in aggregate, we're looking at roughly 400,000 - 450,000 tons rebar which is probably only 5% of the domestic market. But as we've done in the past, if you look at our paint line investments, rail investments, those investments were made in markets that wont necessarily supply short, but we ended those markets differentiating ourselves, differentiating with the supply chain. And I believe we're doing same thing here. Firstly, we're the -- we'll be the only principal independent manufacturer of rebar of notes. And so, there are massive numbers of what they call independent rebar fabricators that dont necessarily like buying the input material from their competition. Obviously, you get there CMC, Nucor are large producers of rebar. They are also large fabricators, competing with that their independent ways. So, we think we're going to be received well imports of that 2 million tons of that 9 million ton market today. And thats ample opportunity to penetrate the market wise. And in the Midwest, rebar is efficient on a supply side, so there is a trade advantage that we believe we have there. And more importantly, we'll be producing spooled, straight and spooled rebar. Spooled rebar, if you got to Europe, spooled rebar is the product of choice because of the effectiveness and efficiency of its use and reduction of yield loss. So, we -- some folks utilize spooled rebar in the states at a lower premium, but more importantly this we're hopefully going to change the supply chain somewhat. We got inventory of that spooled bar and actually give the customers kind of a customized cut length short or quick sheet order-ability. That takes a lot of time, takes a lot of working capital and takes a huge amount of yield loss out of the supply chain for that. And we believe, we'll create sufficient value to allow us to penetrate that market without too much flow.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thats a really helpful explanation. Just last one, just a follow-up if you wouldnt mind on this Section 232 not ask you to speculate, but assuming, but there are some sort of prohibitive traffic and some sort of reduction particularly on the flat roll side, and the mini mills are already running pretty full out there. What kind of response do you think Steel Dynamics could contemplate, if there were more restrictions and ability gain market share? Were going to see just the integrated free start capacity. Do you think there is any ability for mini mills to also respond with more capacity? Thanks.
Mark Millett: I think our utilization right now is pretty good, as you indicate, but the product mix that we have today is not necessary ideal or doesn't necessary maximize our margin opportunity. Part of the issues has been the sort of the whack-a-mole effect out there. The principal problem is the massive excess capacity in China and hope that drives the just imports in general. Good work was done in 2015 to come up with a trade cases particularly on cover sheet and coated, but since then and after those cases were implemented, we did see a drop off in volume. It did diminish yet it's picked up, in the first half of this year as we said. You've seen greater cover sheet and coated imports than you did prior to the trade cases being implemented, and that's countries like Vietnam, for instance. In 2015, they shift about 50,000 tons of coated into the America and 16 that was closure to 700,000 and 800,000 tons. A lot of that product was galvanneal paint, which totally impacts or directly impacts our line adjustment deal and our new line in Columbus. So for us, it may or it may not be a massive increase in volume, but certainly it will allow us to maximize our margin opportunity as to which products we take the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jorge Beristain: On 232 to beat a dead horse, I was just wondering, if given that the steel industries again have recent meetings with, Ross. If you guys could comment about what is the hold up in getting this thing out?
Mark Millett: Well, I think we will be as you said, we're beating a dead horse maybe and I think it's -- there is a lot of speculation either as what's the cases, what the recommendations might be and when it's going to come out. Having spent some time in Washington and spent time with the decision makers. There is obviously politics to play and a lot of things we've got to satisfy. And I think the very encouraging aspect is you got the administration or the players. Secretary Ross, in particular, is incredibly engaged. I would tell you he absolutely understands the issues, all the issues, very broadly. And he's going to take a very prudent approach, a very strong approach in this recommendation to the President. I'm encouraged. So, it takes an extra week or two to get it done. Again, I think they're right there wanting to present a case that it's going to be positive and successful, and gain some support on the hill, such that we dont keep listening to that than dilute the strength of it. But, I again, I'm in personally met with them very, very encouraged that action is going to be taken, and it's going to be benefit in the industry.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. And just at a company level for you guys. Could you comment on your $36 quarter-on-quarter increase in average realizations, in your steel ups and that's despite the fact that you had lower value-added in flat roll due to your outrages at Butler and the quality issues at Columbus? Could you just kind of comment what's happened with product mix that you did so well quarter-on-quarter despite those issues?
Theresa Wagler: Right, if you look at the product pricing or the product mix, what you do is you see some of the shifts more to the longer, long product side, and you see that the mix related to I believe, SBQ was higher as well. And so with that, you just have higher pricing on a long product side, and so that's why were they were offset some of the galvanized from lower end from Columbus.
Mark Millett: Okay, I think just to add more color there because as I talked about the markets, I fail to mention our Engineered Bar Division. That's an arena, as I said before at least as a -- and it gives me a sense of the broader market that it's in or especially every single sector of the marketplace. There things have taken off. The order input rate is absolutely dramatically improved to a point where we're almost, perhaps we're almost on a right orders to some degree. So that arena is incredibly strong. Energy is very, very strong. We're into the same skewed markets there in energy. Automotive for us is actually despite the tail off in -- slight tail off in production maybe in north U.S. We're gaining market share there. The caterpillars, off-road equipment guys, their forecasts or -- their forecasts or actual order rates, they're exceeding the forecast by an appreciable amount, coat finishes strong. That's just manufacturing slowdown. So that gives me a very-very positive outlook as to just fuel consuming economy is general.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alessandro Abate with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Alessandro Abate: Mark and Theresa, good morning, and there was decent set of results, I mean, I just have one question that's either related to we just said before hand, related to your deal product mix. If you assume the current utilization rates across your mills, could you be able to give me -- to give a little more color by how long it will take you to achieve this ideal mix with current market conditions. By how much, if you can of course disclose, would you able to increase your operating margin relative to today's point of view? And the second one, I mean, since all my colleagues have asked about the Section 232, what is your perception that the steel used for, for example, the all oil sector that is a strategic, considered strategic in the U.S. may be benefited from this Section 232? Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Related to the optimal product mix, I'm not sure I can equate to an actual margin improvement and I stated the optimal mix is going to be, as we start to see the improvement in Engineered Bar, which Mark mentioned, and which I've been fairly extraordinary. That's obviously very helpful, but we still have a value-added improvement that we need to make down at Columbus. They're continuing to get certified on new products, more difficult products by enlarging value-added products. They're also still ramping up in the paint line. Pain line likely because some of those products need to be certified, likely not to get to full capacity, yet in 2017 we'll see that, I'll say probably first half of 2018 with their continuing to do great things there. So, there's still quite a value-added shift at Columbus. There's still room at Engineered Bar and what we do at our specialty shapes mill in steel West Virginia, they're actually adding some new value-added galvanizing, just galvanizing capacity as well, which will come online in September. So, there's still quite a bit of room for us to move, but I would suggest you probably dont see that until sometime next year. And in addition to that, I think we keep talking about 232, and Mark will answer your last question. But I think sometimes, we're missing the fact that it could also impact more products and while product is where we're seeing a lot of the imports from the structural or prefabricated sites. And if you were to see that come through in 232, that can be hugely impactful in a positive way for structural beams and for merchants shapes and for those things that, right now, the industry is, has not added a high utilization for it.
Mark Millett: I didnt catch quite the question on the two, Theresa.
Alessandro Abate: Could you hear me?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, please go Alexander.
Alessandro Abate: Yes, basically related to the Section 232, I mean, there is still a little bit of uncertainty and lack of clarity related to what kind of sectors beyond probably the most likely, Navy and Army. But how do you think thats -- about the chance that the steel used, for example, for the oil industry which is strategic anyway for the U.S. could be subject to the Section 232. Whats your expectation about it/
Mark Millett: I think there one can automatically expect with this because you dont know what recommendations will finally be made and acted upon. There are three principal areas that of concerned and focused for us and for the industry. Two mostly the industry in generally we've been putting one and particular recently, but those two obviously, the first is to bring broad kind of resistance to imports on sheet side to prevent the circumvention issues, the whack-a-mole issues. And the issues is not to eliminate imports, the issue is just to curve them to kind of historic level of 21% to 22% of demand. At that level the industry can and should prosper and be able to earn its cost of capital. So, we're not proposing at least SDI, Mark know it. It's not proposed. We eliminate the imports because the manufacturing base doesnt have to be supportive. So, sheet is the one focus. The second focus and its related to energy and thats the pipe, as energy has come back or even before energy was coming back, 60% of pipe imports were or 60% of demand was satisfied by imports, largely from Korea. And as the energy is trended up, that percentage of that volume is only increased. And so that I think is going to be a focus. That is obviously to the benefit of the domestic industry in energy pipe used to be about 8%, 9%, 10% of the demand. So that will help the hot roll coil sector of our business, which is probably the one that there is challenged of weakness, thats the area. The third focus and something that we've been working on very, very strongly, as Theresa mentioned is actually structural's. In 2016, there were million tons of what I call straight stick, just basic long, heavy structural beams imported, but a growing factor is prefabricated beam that is grown dramatically over last four years. And again it's kind of the whack-a-mole thing where China and other sort of going down stream. But there is about 1.8 million tons of prefabricated structurals that come in to our shores, we have to add to together, we got about two point, about 2.5 million to 3 million tons of imports and in that market is probably 6 million to 7 million tons in round numbers. That's a huge, huge percentage of demand being satisfied by those inputs. As we've seen it, seen non-residential construction growth, the past two or three years, I think as much of that has been absorbed by the inputs. And we haven't seen the increased utilization within our beam heavy structural analysis and that's not just SDI. I believe that's Gerdau and also Nucor. So that is a conservative focus for us and I believe that is being addressed or likely to be addressed by the 232.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Wondrack: So firstly I just like to reiterate the first gentleman said about your company is having closer to hygiene metrics than higher yield. Given your lack of secured debt in terms interest coverage, it seems a little silly at this point. But more than that, have you guys actually been in discussion with the ratings agencies about improving your credit rating, your outlook?
Theresa Wagler: We arent always -- we have a very open dialogue with both agencies, and it's a quite constructive dialogue, and up until it is very strong. We really told that we've told that you as a investor as well and we've been very happy with where we're rating for different regions because of our growth profile. But again as I said earlier on the call given where we are, we also view that eventually we would grow into just naturally being investment grade we kind of our business model and the strength of the cash flow generation. And so, I'd just say that there is something that we're constantly looking at and having dialogue with the agency in the past.
Sean Wondrack: Great. And then just one comment, that you made earlier, Theresa, about transactional versus organic growth, I mean, for any other measure it would like you guys could potentially be considering an acquisition, you guys have been very acquisitive in the past. You have latent capacity that you can put to use. Are you seeing more M&A opportunities kind of rise in the market? I know you've seems some transactions recently, but is that's been something that's been coming more to the forefront recently?
Mark Millett: So, it's always been the forefront of our focus internally here at Steel Dynamics. And I think I've said on previous calls, we have had a plethora of opportunities that we looked at over the last 12 months to 18 months, at all different sizes, but some very, very meaningful size type acquisitions. And that pipeline continues to be full. Opportunities continue to present themselves to us.
Sean Wondrack: Okay. That's helpful and then quick follow-up. Should you undertake an acquisition, is there a ceiling above which you would want to keep a leverage below? And is there you know would you potentially is equity or would you consider earnings all with debt?
Theresa Wagler: Our preference is still to be using at a considerable amount of caution our balance sheet and taxes revolver. So, with that and with our choice to achieve debt and cash as much as possible and not some a little bit shareholder base. No, it's necessary or whether it makes sense or not from that leverage perspective where we're today or even saying that we'd like to keep that leverage at three times or less. And obviously, we have a lot of room for an acquisition given that we're about one time of that.
Sean Wondrack: And given that you generate like 750 million in free cash flow. That's very helpful, thank you very much, I appreciate you answering my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Novid Rassouli with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Novid Rassouli: Hey, Mark and Theresa, it's Novid. So with customer inventory levels as low as they are, as you mentioned early in the call Mark, and if essential Section 232 proposal being imminent in a couple of weeks out. Are you seeing any change in behavior from your customers?
Mark Millett: Historically no, to be honest, and again, we're not a nice face, we're here to sell products to everyone and not control the business. But it seems amazing that, if you look at the probability and that's all you can do is, look at the probability of where markets are going and whether they will or will not be tight. The probability to me is sideways to up. And you would think there would be some form of restocking or inventory growth, but we've not seen it.
Novid Rassouli: Okay, and so given these very-very low inventory levels. Do you see the potential for you know some serious pricing dislocation happening on a Section 232 proposal that is you know materially prohibitive to imports?
Mark Millett: I think that there will be some initial emotional response. It may not be just emotional. It'd be just I think fairly tight supply when everyone rushes back into the market place, which will give you the spike. I do think that would then sort of reflect back to a more normalized number. That number is likely to be higher than what it is today. But I would hope not extreme to just sort of dislocated markets, yet again and go into a cycle.
Novid Rassouli: Right, but as you mentioned to Timna's question, it's not really additional volume that you guys will be targeting. Its going to be a mix. So there wont be much relief from a volume standpoint for you guys to help the market.
Theresa Wagler: Look, Novid, but now you're just talking about flat roll again. And so when look at 232 given the value of 1 million tons and more than 0.5 million tons of capacity, we're not meeting today that's on the long product side. What I would say, piece is in place today that could be quite significant. So I think you need to look at it. We look at it more broadly in just flat roll.
Mark Millett: But to answer your point, it's reasonable to think that some capacity might come back to offset with the losses because again the sheet will -- flat roll utilization stays today is probably 90% plus. And so if you take you know a few million tons of imports off the table then you're going to likely see a little additional mix, new lines like, cutting lines, like the Nucor's announcement and big revenues going to be ramping their production up. We obviously have got 180,000 tons that we will bring into the market place. I think that can be observed into the market without any sort of downward disruption.
Novid Rassouli: Right and then my last question, the switching gears. The 70% utilization on Engineering Bar, is that on the like one to three inch diameter or given that you mentioned energy and general industry, are there some wider diameters that are helping push that utilization rate higher?
Mark Millett: I think the utilization is across both lines. The large bar line is full and then small bar is where we're having the large utilization.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: So a question on volume momentum into the third quarter and what's your preliminarily anticipating for volumes in 3Q versus the second quarter?
Mark Millett: Not to be specific, so the directionally through the second half, Phil, I would suggest that the volumes should improve over the second quarter. I think the pricing environment that I kind of try to articulate would suggest positive momentum, so only support for pricing. And as we seen in the past, there will be some noise on scrap here up and down a little bit, but we see that being relatively stable through the second half of the year.
Phil Gibbs: I appreciate that. And you made a lot of internal investments and a lot of announcements here in the last several months. Can you give us an update on your capital expenditures for this year and perhaps next?
Theresa Wagler: For this year's total, Phil, we still think it's going to be probably around that $200 million Mark. And I think year-to-date so far, we are about 85. Next year, we havent gone through all those details planning yet, but I would factor it to be probably through $200 million to $215 million range based on the project we've announced so far.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. And with these investments or management of your order book right now, you planning on taking any downtime for routine or the plant maintenance in the third quarter and in the add newer facilities?
Theresa Wagler: There is nothing like that, that's significant, right, that would rise the occasions to bring it forward, no.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi Investment Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Hacking: The steel industry has been, I guess, very engaged with the Trump Administration regarding a trade. Are you engaged with them on other issues around U.S. manufacturing competitiveness, increasing steel demand by upgrading infrastructure and things like that? And I guess where is your confidence level that, we will see some kind of improved infrastructure spending on infrastructure bill have compared to where you're confidence level was six months ago? Thanks.
Mark Millett: On our sort of personal involvement or company involvement, were a lot -- we work with the, with our peers. We also work through the trade group of steel manufacturers association, on the steel trade issues in particular. On other issues, we tend just to work through or have the steel manufacturers, sort of work with us.
Alex Hacking: Okay, thanks. And you mentioned
Mark Millett: Sorry. And on the infrastructure, I guess, Alex, I'm still positive and optimistic that somebody is going to come, coming back -- the country certainly needs it. There is no doubt about it. And as we said earlier, general construction continues to be positive. I think anecdotally, as I travel to New York and to Boston and to Washington and to big cities, the number of cranes in the air and the number of woodworks that screws up, travelling from A to B is just incredible. And I mean there is a lot of activity out there. The states have already, whatever it's called the fact act or infrastructure spending is kind of in place. In Indiana locally where we've seen a lot of announcements on road improvement and infrastructure improvement. So, even without the federal spend, states are coming in and increasing their construction activity. And I'm optimistic that the Trump Administration is just going to follow through on its promises.
Alex Hacking: And then just a follow-up. In the press release, you talk about some hesitancy in customers in terms of order entry, hesitancy driven by volatility in scrap prices. Do you still see that hesitancy today as we're entering into the third quarter? Or are you seeing some behavioral change in the last few weeks? Thanks.
Mark Millett: We are certainly not seeing the hesitancy today. That hesitancy I think we were kind of suggesting despite of the three weeks, four weeks period. And Barry, I can't remember if that was April or?
Barry Schneider: I think in April, early May, we saw some hesitancy because of the uncertainties. That's been firmer lately, but not under the unreasonable rate as we addressed earlier with the 232 speculation. It's just healthy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Gagliano: These are primarily clarification questions from previous questions that were asked. First of all on the volume commentary, I was wondering if you could just give us a little more color on the magnitude of the recovery expect. I think second quarter was down about 2.5% or something like that versus the first quarter. Should we expect that volume to be above the first quarter number, as we get into the third quarter and fourth quarter, of the first quarter number?
Mark Millett: I would hope we recover the quarter-over-quarter sort of production there.
David Gagliano: It's helpful. And then just regarding metal spreads, obviously, I appreciate the commentary on the scrap market, given the mix changes, given what's happen within Steel Dynamics. Should we expect your metal spreads to improve in the third quarter versus the second quarter after adjusting for the lack of a $30 million hit?
Theresa Wagler: Dave, you guys are making me a difficult spot here, Mark's laughing. And as we specifically just comment on the metal spread direction, specifically, I would say that I am going to quote back to what Mark said, the expectations for scrap for the rest of year remain pretty steady and we feel like the pricing increases are very much warranted. And we think that the market demand is there, absent any 232 to support that. So, you can read into that whatever you'd like, but I think the dynamics are positive.
David Gagliano: Actually that's actually helpful, thank you. And then the last question is a longer term, but it ties into a lot of the questions that have been asked, generating still a lot of cash. Historically, preference has been you know buy over build versus return the cash. Obviously, a lot of moving parts here, you've got some capacity limitations on the flat roll, but still opportunities on long side internally. My question is given all those pieces, are you changing your view in terms of your preference of buy versus build? First, and secondly, where those cash return fit into the mix?
Mark Millett: I think we have a strong desire to continue to build where is organic and we can have that sort of capital effectiveness or efficiency that I suggested earlier. Those kind of projects are just phenomenal from a payback and from a return perspective. A brand new greenfield mill is not necessary a focus of ours given the supply demand matrix domestically and globally. We feel and it's been amazing how many opportunities are out there in the M&A world that seem to come to and I wouldnt say come to market necessarily, probably. It's a not necessarily process out there, but we've been approached several times with interesting opportunities, none of which over the larger scale ones, check the all our boxes. I think you've seen in the past that weve been disciplined or we're not going to be emotional. We recognize the cash generation capability of the Company and the cash build, understand that fully. But we see opportunities come before us and we will continue to assess those and one ticks the right boxes we will move forward.
Theresa Wagler: From the capital allocation perspective just generally, we're really in the same spot and our first and foremost focus is to pull growth, both organic and inorganic. And then in the meanwhile, we increased the dividend in the first quarter and we'll continue to highly positive dividend profile as we see our cash flow structurally and continue to be sustainable at a much higher level. And then we use the lever of the buyback onto give additional value to shareholders, as appropriate as we generate free cash flow in front or behind the acquisitions, but not that you see us doing it basically, tend to continue to do.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Millett for any closing comments.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Melisa, and thank you for spending the time with us today, those still on the call. Thank you to all our employees whether they are on the call or not, you done a phenomenal job continue to do phenomenal job. Customers; thank you for your support, and as I said earlier, we're working diligently and hard to create value for all of us and we're excited. We're excited as to how the Company is positioned for the next two, three, four, five years. So, thank you and have a good day and be safe.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - IR Theresa Wagler - CFO, CAO and EVP Mark Millett - Co-Founder, CEO, President and Executive Director Glenn Pushis - SVP Russel Rinn - EVP of Metals Recycling, President and COO of OmniSource Corporation Barry Schneider - SVP, Flat Roll Steel Group
Analysts: Seth Rosenfeld - Jefferies David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Curtis Woodworth - Credit Suisse Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alessandro Abate - Berenberg Novid Rassouli - Cowen and Company Alexander Hacking - Citigroup Sean Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research Matthew Fields - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 20, 2017 and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today.  Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling Operations' Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; and our Steel Operations' Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President, Long Product Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of today's statements which speak only as of this date, may be forward-looking and predictive, typically preceded by believe, expect, anticipate or words of similar meaning. They are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to our steel, metals recycling and fabrication businesses as well as the general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors found on the Internet at www.sec.gov and is applicable on any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any reference to non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports First Quarter 2017 Results. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Tricia and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call and we certainly appreciate you and thank you for sharing your time with us today. Simply, the entire SDI team performed phenomenally well this quarter. Each of our business platforms improved earnings, with many divisions achieving record line operating rates. And I believe the results really speak for themselves and the intentional positioning of the company will continue to reap the benefits of improving market dynamics.  But to begin, Theresa, would you comment on our financial results?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely. Good morning, everyone. I also want to recognize the team's performance across our platforms, delivering an excellent first quarter performance. Our first quarter 2017 net income was $201 million or $0.82 per diluted share, slightly above our guidance range of between $0.77 and $0.81 per share. This compares to net income of $63 million or $0.26 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year and $20 million or $0.08 per diluted share in the sequential quarter. First quarter 2017 revenues were $2.4 billion, a 24% improvement over the sequential fourth quarter. All operating platforms improved. However, the growth was primarily driven by our steel operations as both average selling values and volumes improved. Our operating income for the first quarter increased over 75% to $335 million compared to sequential quarter adjusted results. Again, a solid performance by everyone as almost each location improved profitability, although the steel platform experienced the most significant growth of $135 million, a 62% increase from last quarter. For the first quarter 2017, steel shipments increased 12% to 2.5 million tons. Volumes increased across all divisions. Flat roll improved 11% as demand was strong and customer inventory levels continue to be at historically low levels. Our long products [indiscernible] increased shipments 16%, largely driven from our Engineered Bar and Structural and Rail division. Metal spread expansion in flat roll and increased volume across the platform resulted in operating income from our steel operations of $352 million, a significant improvement from fourth quarter. First quarter 2017 steel platform average selling prices increased $63 per ton to $743, outpacing the increase in average scrap cost of $44 per ton.  For our metals recycling platform, higher domestic steel mill utilization also resulted in increased ferrous scrap demand and a 14% improvement in our ferrous shipments as well as a 12% improvement in metal spread, resulting in strong operating metric. First quarter operating income for our metals recycling platform more than doubled to $21 million compared to $10 million in the sequential fourth quarter. Additionally, we closed on the sale of several non-core scrapyards located in southeastern U.S. The sale was basically transacted at book value and therefore, no significant gain or loss was recognized.  The team continues to effectively lever the strength of our vertically integrated model, benefiting both the steel mills and the scrap operations. Metals recycling has maintained a higher-than-historical percentage of total internal ferrous shipments to support SDI steel mills at 64% in the first quarter. For fabrication, driven by record shipments, first quarter 2017 operating income increased 34% sequentially to $24 million. It was typically a seasonally lower period. Nonresidential construction demand continues to be steady throughout much of the United States and we continue to see strong quote and order entry activity. During the first quarter 2017, we generated cash flow from operations of $240 million, with operational working capital using just over $150 million in the quarter. The increased working capital was primarily driven by higher customer count values based on increased prices and volume. Inventory values also increased in the quarter somewhat. We grew our cash dividend in the first quarter by 11% to $0.155 per common share based on our ability to consistently generate strong cash. We also repurchased $61 million of our common stock during the first quarter, pursuant to the October 2016 board-authorized $450 million program. We believe these actions reflect the strength of our capital structure and liquidity profile and the continued optimism and confidence in our future. As a result, we maintained liquidity of $2.2 million at March 31 comprised of our undrawn revolver and an available cash of $967 million. First quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA was $421 million and trailing 12-month EBITDA was nearly $1.4 billion. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with a strong credit and capital structure profile provides great opportunity for continued organic and inorganic growth. We're squarely focused on the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. Well, the welfare of employees remains our #1 priority and nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains significantly better than industry averages and we continue to work toward a 0 incident environment. The team is doing a phenomenal job there. Also, over 80% of our locations achieved 0 record injuries so far this year. We also reduced our total recordable injury rate in the first quarter by 11% when compared to last year's full results which, I'd remind you, was the best ever for our company. My sincere thanks to the entire team for their dedication and continued focus on our first and foremost priority. The steel platform had an outstanding quarter in part because we have one of the most diversified and value-added product profiles in the industry. We operated at utilization rate of 95% during the first quarter, once again, markedly better than the domestic industry rate of about 75%. Demand from the automotive sector remained steady and construction continued to improve. Additionally, the energy-related demand improvement that we discussed on our January conference call actually strengthened further during the quarter. We received related orders both at Columbus Flat Roll Division and Engineered Bar Products Division. Additionally, there was an overall general demand improvement for our SBQ steel which typically suggests broader industrial sector momentum.  Our earnings improvement was primarily driven by the flat roll group. Domestically, flat-rolled steel utilization rates remained much higher in the first quarter compared to long product utilization rates. Flat-rolled steel benefited from sturdy demand coupled with continued favorable supply dynamics. Customer inventory levels remained at historical lows and imports in total were down year-over-year for the quarter. It should be noted, though, that despite hot-rolled coil imports being down considerably, cold-rolled sheet and coated were up materially year-over-year. Additionally, pipe and tube imports grew over 35% in the quarter. Our long product steel shipments improved in the quarter, but selling values remained under pressure from excess domestic production capability coupled with elevated import levels which grew over 15% in the quarter. Although our consolidated quarterly production utilization rate was 95%, our Long Products division's operated at 78%. While not as high as we'd like, it's an improvement from last year's average rate of 68%. The most significant change was seen in SBQ. Our Engineered Bar Products Division operated over 70% of its current capacity compared to just over 50% in 2015 and '16. Not only did we see improved demand environment, but the Engineered Bar Division is also benefiting from the bulk and pull-through volume. Based on 2016 shipments, the SDI steel platform has over 1.5 million tons of unused shipping capability. And most of this latent capacity is in product types that would potentially be consumed by infrastructure and large civil engineering projects.  The flat roll mill in Columbus provides another significant and sustainable earnings catalyst. The changes the team has already made are transformational. The successful market and product diversification that was achieved over the last 2 years is one of the key differentiators for the improved profitability realized in 2016 and will continue to benefit the coming years as well. It remains an exciting time for the Columbus team as they continue to focus on product diversification and increasing their value-add product capabilities. The team completed construction of $100 million paint line in the fourth quarter of 2016. This investment provides 250,000 tons of annual pre-paint capability and further diversification into some of the highest-margin products. We have 2 existing paint lines in Indiana and this new line is truly state-of-the-art facility, allowing for even higher-quality double-wide steel and facilitates access to the southern U.S. and Mexican markets. Our existing customer base is excited to have that geographic and product diversification optionality. The startup is going well with painted shipments of just under 13,000 tons in the first quarter. And I've got to add that I've been down there just recently and I've seen many lines over my lifetime, but it is the most phenomenal facility I've ever seen. And anytime you folks have a chance to get down there, you should go visit. It is phenomenal. The team did a marvelous, marvelous job. Our steel platform continues to benefit from other organic growth investments as well. We're investing $15 million to increase annual galvanizing productivity by 180,000 tons at Butler, further increasing the mill's value-added production capability. We anticipate commissioning the equipment this summer and increase production capability available for the second half of this year. We're also investing $28 million to utilize excess melting and casting capability at our Roanoke Bar Division. We're adding equipment that will allow for multi-strand slitting and rebar finishing. With a highly competitive cost structure, we expect to have strong market penetration as we will be the only noncompeting producer for rebar in the region selling to independent fabricators. Commission is on schedule to start at the end of this year. Regarding our raw material platform, the profitability of our metals recycling platform more than doubled in the first quarter 2017. As increased domestic steel mill utilization strengthened, ferrous scrap shipments and improving market dynamics allowed metal spread appreciation. Shipments improved 14%, while average ferrous selling values rose over 35% in the quarter. We anticipate a continuation on the relatively strong U.S. dollar and associated low scrap exports, supporting ample scrap supply and a more stabilized scrap price environment as the year progresses.  We also closed on sale of some recycling assets located in the southeastern U.S. at the beginning of March. This transaction better aligns our remaining metals recycling locations to directly serve our mills and also provides the opportunity for additional administrative cost savings. The fabrication platform continued its strong performance, achieving record quarterly shipments in what is typically a seasonally lower demand period. In fact, the order backlog at the end of March was at a record high volume. The team is achieving great market penetration in both joist and deck. Fabrication operations purchased 330,000 tons of steel from SDI steel mills in 2016 and are on track to continue to purchase meaningful quantities in 2017. The power of pull-through volume when fabrication sources steel from our own mills is a significant advantage to keeping our steel platform utilization rates higher during weaker demand environments. The New Millennium team continues to perform exceptionally, levering our national footprint and providing quality product. The ongoing strength of this business and continued customer optimism also provides positive insight into the continued strength of the nonresidential construction activity. With steady to growing demand, lower-than-historic supply chain inventory levels and trade constraints in place, the flat roll supply-demand environment is very positive and we expect these dynamics to continue. We have a constructive view on the domestic steel consumption in the coming years. Domestic automotive production may be edging off record levels, but we believe total NAFTA production will grow slightly as Mexico continues to grow production with current assets in place. This is highly complementary to our Columbus Division's automotive strategy. We believe there will be additional growth in the construction sector, especially for larger public sector infrastructure projects which would greatly benefit our Long Products group. We also anticipate continued improvement within the energy sector.  So going forward, we continue to focus on adding value-added products to our portfolio that help insulate us from imports and create long-lasting customer partnerships, such as our painted flat-rolled steel, highly engineered SBQ and longer-length rail. In addition, the pull-through steel volume strategy remains one of our focuses for ongoing inorganic growth. Our business model and execution of our long term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our industry competition. Customer focus, coupled with market diversification and low-cost operating platforms, supports our ability to maintain our best-in-class financial performance and differentiation. The company and the team are poised for continued growth. The strong character and determination of our employees provides the foundation for our success. I thank each of them for their hard work and dedication and remind them safety is always the first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our company, customers, employees and shareholders alike and look forward to creating new opportunities for all and the years ahead.  So again, thank you for your time today and Rob, we're open for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Seth Rosenfeld with Jefferies.
Seth Rosenfeld: Seth Rosenfeld from Jefferies. I have one question picking off on -- I have one quick question picking off on your realized sale prices over the last quarter. Your ASP seems like it's stronger than what we were forecasting. Can you just talk a little bit about any shift you're seeing in product mix or contract mix to help us better understand what's driving your current robust realized prices and, I guess tied to that, where we're seeing the outside strength in your sales volumes in flat steel as well? You discussed in the report some of the drivers on the long side, but I'd like to hear a bit more detail on flats there.
Theresa Wagler: So on average sales price perspective, Seth, you've seen a pretty significant product shift with the addition of the volume from SBQ, from our Engineered Bar Division. So that was impactful to the average sales price for the quarter as well as just the long products in general as well as some appreciation in product mix within the flat roll group. Although the paint line is just having a little bit of impact right now in Columbus, we're seeing very good strength at Columbus on the rest of the value-add side of the equation. So we're seeing an overall product shift toward the value-add side and that volume impact from long products actually helps support the average sales price being maybe higher than what you would have forecast originally. As it relates to demand for flat roll, we've seen a lot of demand, both steady demand in automotives. A lot of that's been impacting core Columbus. Construction is remaining very strong for us, but we're also seeing increased demand from the energy sector, specifically at Columbus. And that's something that we didn't expect to see as much strength in the first quarter as we've seen. Barry, is there anything else to add on an end market perspective for flat rolls?
Barry Schneider: Just that we continue to work on the energy products that fit our mix very well. And it's good to see the return of buying activity in that sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets.
David Gagliano: I just have a couple of quick questions. First of all, I think in your prepared remarks, you said you expect a more stabilized scrap price environment, I think, for the remainder of the year. My question is given, obviously, the drop in iron ore and more recently, Chinese billet prices, do you think that will actually have a negative impact on scrap prices in the U.S. over the next few months? That's my first question.
Mark Millett: Russ, do you want--
Russel Rinn: Again, I think as we look forward and look out into the balance of the year, it looks to us that the supply balance is well maintained throughout. Although we've had some iron ore prices go down, the pig iron prices have remained very bullish with the disruptions out of the freight and that's really a more closer benchmark to what happens domestically for us. So I think if we look out, we don't see anything that moves the needle drastically down or drastically up. We see a pretty steady state going out through the balance of the year from this point.
David Gagliano: And then just a quick follow-up. Any early, early comments on the headlines this morning about the potential special investigation on steel imports under the Trade Expansion Act?
Mark Millett: I guess it will be too early to speculate, Dave. I think it does give you insight to the positive trade environment in Washington right now, but time will tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank.
Jorge Beristain: I guess just really following up on the Trump Buy America, could you point to any specific subsectors of products where you think that this would make a difference, that historically, they may have been supplied by imports, but now, because of these new potential regulations, there'll be a switch to American-based products?
Mark Millett: Well, I think obviously, energy is a big focus and as the energy markets continue to rebound -- and one has to remember, energy used to be, not too long ago, only 2 years ago, about 8% to 10% of steel demand in the States. And that is a big outlook for hot-rolled coil, certainly, for us at Columbus. So I think energy would be a principal focus there. And I think also, in the long products side of things, if you look at the heavy beam market recently, imports of what I call roll bar, just straight bar, have increased over the last few years. But most significantly, prefabricated beam has been increasing at a dramatic rate. And so there are several projects, the Hudson Yards project in New York, the Sasol chemical plant down in Louisiana. A lot of imported prefab material has come in and Buy American doctrine would certainly help that, particularly at least for government-sponsored projects.
Jorge Beristain: And then just on finished product imports of steel, we've been seeing they're up still pretty sharply quarter-on quarter, year-on-year about 7%. Can you speak to what's going on there with particularly the still high CRC prices in the U.S.? Are you starting to feel a little bit of import pressure at the margin just because, despite the trade cases, we're still seeing imports up year-on-year?
Mark Millett: We're not seeing much pressure at all, in all honesty. I think the -- absolutely, there's a little attraction there on the cold-rolled sheet, coated side because the arbitrage is grown compared to hot-rolled coil. Hot-rolled coil imports, obviously down dramatically. And despite Asian pricing for hot-band going down, that stuff just can't get in. On the coated and cold-rolled sheet side, part of that, I do believe, is demand and -- or the supply and demand balance because the coating lines are full in America today. And so there's almost a need for a slight uptick in that product line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Curt Woodworth with Crdit Suisse.
Curtis Woodworth: Mark, you talked about inflecting demand, certainly, for SBQ and merchant bar, yet it seems like the industry hasn't been able to get much price support for those products. I know that you and Gerdau rescinded a $40 per ton price increase in early April. And I think on the rebar side, I know you don't do a lot of commodity rebar, but Nucor rescinded that as well. So can you just talk about why, despite stronger demand momentum on the long products side, it hasn't really been able to get more material metal spread expansion? And do you think that there's an opportunity for any potential trade action with respect to either beams or specialty bar going forward?
Mark Millett: I think when you look at the merchant shapes, long bar, that side of the industry, if you look at utilization rates as an industry, yes, we're 74%, 75% or thereabouts. But I think one needs to bifurcate that into sheet and long products. Sheet is running, I'd say almost flat out, 95% today to a large degree. On the long products side, utilization rates are still -- they're improving, but they're still struggling. And so you don't have a strong sort of sellers market environment to dictate an increase in pricing and spread. So I think it's just a matter of competition. We do believe that demand is growing across virtually all steel sectors, steel markets and that will certainly improve. We're certainly seeing in SBQ -- SBQ order rate has grown dramatically. The utilization at that mill is very, very positive and so you're going to see, I think, some pricing strength in that arena. Merchants, rebar, still going to be a little challenged.
Curtis Woodworth: And the potential for any trade action on long products?
Mark Millett: Well, right now, you have a rebar case, I think pending, right, Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: Yes.
Mark Millett: And I think the market in that arena will have to take care of it and it will [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Levy with Loop Capital.
Brett Levy: You've talked with, I don't know, some enthusiasm about the energy sector and that sort of thing. And I'm just wondering, as you look at your portfolio, is welded pipe or seamless pipe or -- is there something that sort of fits into your front-end capabilities that would make sense in terms of expansion ideas in the energy sector?
Mark Millett: I will answer that. As we normally do, we look at all opportunities out there. And whatever opportunities check all the boxes, we will pursue.
Brett Levy: Got it. And then in terms of share buybacks, are you guys still feeling fairly aggressive about that?
Theresa Wagler: Hey, Brett, I was going to say [indiscernible] if I help you recognize that.
Brett Levy: I recognize it.
Theresa Wagler: We were active in the quarter. We repurchased about 1.8 million shares for about $61 million and we continue to be active. We continue to be opportunistic and enter the market from time to time where it makes sense to us to do so. We still believe that it's a valuable thing to execute.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners: I was wondering -- I know you talked a little bit already about the imports on galvanized and cold-rolled maybe because the markets are running pretty full out on those products, but there's some concern among distributors specifically about large amounts of product coming from a few countries, say, Turkey and Russia. I mean, do you think that there's a potential to continue to pursue trade cases? Or do you think we're tapped out on the flat-rolled side?
Mark Millett: I think the trade cases in place will -- should be enforced and obviously, the political climate in Washington is proceeding in that manner. I think a huge case is the anti-circumvention case against Vietnam. That is ongoing and should see the light of day June, July or -- this summer. I think people need to focus more, in all honesty, on the marketplace in America than worrying too much about the import level and worrying too much about iron ore is coming off. And there seems to be a commentary or view that the price [indiscernible] softening is going to occur midyear.  And perhaps, on the -- Timna, perhaps, I'm a little bit of a contrarian, but I think the market dynamics in place is -- they're strong and are certainly going to support the current pricing environment, if not more. You've got a domestic market strength that is supply-side driven today and is supported by strong and, I think, growing demand and it's going to mitigate any softness in raw materials. We mentioned, on the demand side, automotive still remains strong. It may have turned over a little bit, but it's going to remain strong for the rest of the year. Nonresidential construction is continuing to grow. Energy is coming back. All we have to do is look at the recent MSCI data, where shipments in March which I think normally, month-over-month tends to lighten up a little bit, they increased, I think, significantly, materially. And the inventory levels in the system today are at 2 months. If you look at sheet or flat roll, they're only 1.8 months which is a very, very, very low level. So supply chain inventory is very, very tight. You do have the import cases in place today and they're going to be enforced in a much stronger vein going forward. Then you have an industry with lead times stretching out. So it's, I think, a very good, positive market environment that's going to support good pricing and good spreads through the rest of the year. And it's -- I would argue that we're at a bit of a tipping point. I think inventories today are at a very precarious position. The short inventory sort of maximized turn business model or the consolidating service center industry has been accommodated these past years by a challenged market, mills with low utilization rates, lead times short and they've been able to sort of buy off the floor, almost, of the mills. And I think that's about to change. So I view the market in a very positive vein right now.
Timna Tanners: It will be fantastic to see the skeptics proven wrong on the scrap side and concerns over Chinese hot-rolled and the focus, again, on the U.S. market and demand will be refreshing. I guess I'll switch gears here to ask just about the war chest that you've developed and there's a lot of speculation about what you plan to do with it. I just wanted to know if you could clarify a little bit in terms of the value-added focus you've talked about. Is that more organic or acquisitive? Is there anything else you can detail to us on the way you're thinking about growth opportunities?
Mark Millett: Well, thanks for pointing that out, Timna. I think the strategic positioning of the company is certainly clearly demonstrating our cash flow generation capability. Up to this point, I think we've approached cash allocation in a very balanced, sort of strategic, intentional way. We've taken advantage of the capital markets over the last 18 months to reduce debt. We've continued the positive dividend profile. You saw that we increased it 8%.
Theresa Wagler: 11%.
Mark Millett: 11%, sorry, 11% this first quarter. And not only did we come up or advertise a share repurchase program, we're executing on that program going forward. And that's a $450 million program. So I think our approach -- we've demonstrated a positive approach today. With that, growth, both organic and inorganic, remains our first priority. You've seen -- we've talked about very small projects, I guess $75 million, $100 million worth of small organic projects across the company being implemented and coming onstream kind of this year, early next year, all of which have less than a 24-month payback. The Columbus paint line is a phenomenal facility, as I said earlier. That is going to further amplify the earnings capability at Columbus. And I've got to emphasize Columbus. That mill has gone through a transformation. The breadth of product or market diversification and geographic penetration is phenomenal, pushing a lot more product down the value-add stream, pushing material into Mexico. We shipped about 200,000 tons into Mexico last year and that will grow to probably 400,000 tons over the next 18 months. They penetrated the automotive arena, gaining market share dramatically. We shipped, I think, a couple hundred thousand tons in '16 and over the next 18 months, that will grow to about 400,000 tons also. And as the energy markets are coming back, the team has continued to develop better grades and so we're taking advantage of the premium of those stronger grades there in Columbus. So that mill has transformed itself and we always said that it has the potential to outearn the Butler facility which has been the ores for many years and probably the most profitable steel mill in the world. Well, we had one month in the first quarter that the Columbus guys have been [indiscernible], so that's coming to fruition. So I think the sort of organic growth is going to be material. On the inorganic side, again, not to get into specifics, the pipeline was full last year with opportunities that we assessed and it remains full. It's surprising, actually, what opportunities are coming to the table. And we will continue to assess them with a focus on value-add downstream processor that our team has showed a propensity to outperform most, a focus on pull-through volume and not forgetting that we're steel producers, first and foremost and have done an okay job in the most part and we'll continue to pursue those sorts of opportunities, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc.
Philip Gibbs: Is the Pittsboro mills supplying billet right now to the North American seamless tube mills? And if so, was the ramp in OCTG production that we've seen more recently here something that you benefited from on the seamless side?
Glenn Pushis: No. This is Glenn Pushis. We're not supplying any billet to anyone out of the Pittsboro plant. It's all being self-consumed at the plant itself.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. That's helpful. Appreciate that. And Theresa, the mix within the sheet business, can you provide that?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, I'm sorry, Phil. I can, absolutely. So hot-rolled and pickle and oil were 884,000 tons, cold-rolled was 141,000 tons and coated was 711,000 tons. And there's a little bit more to add, I think, on the energy market. I want to make sure that we're clear. We actually are shipping to energy customers from...
Glenn Pushis: Well, Phil, this is Glenn. When you asked about billets, some of what we do, we take those billets and then roll them on a large mill down there in Pittsboro, so some of our customers, we do supply a rolled product to them for seamless tubing. So I don't want to be disingenuous and tell you that we're not supplying that market. We certainly are, but we don't supply any [indiscernible] billets out into that market.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. Yes, I'm just trying to figure out whether or not Pittsboro is supplying, I guess, the seamless tubing market. And I guess the answer is yes, but it's a little bit more a refined product that you're putting in there.
Glenn Pushis: Exactly correct.
Theresa Wagler: The three main drivers for the increase in the SBQ shipments, Phil, from an end market perspective were energy and, actually surprising, mining equipment kind of and some automotive as well because we've been gaining automotive share in Pittsboro very effectively. So those were the 3 main market drivers.
Philip Gibbs: Got it. And then last question here is just on the general outlook for metal spreads in the second quarter versus the first quarter, maybe anything that you can provide on that as you see it today.
Mark Millett: Again, we found the look too near and I think we prefer just to say, hey, we see a very positive market environment for the rest of the year on the pricing side and a very sort of stable raw material scrap profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alessandro Abate with Berenberg.
Alessandro Abate: I just have 2 quick questions. I mean, the market seems to be obsessed by the fact that China's steel price has come off quite a lot. And you, Mark, just have a contrarian view at the moment. Just to clear up the things from any kind of doubt related to your assumption, we're seeing the HRC is going down quite a lot in terms of ex imports to the U.S., with Korea and China completely almost disappearing. Beyond the advantage that you get from reduction of import of HRC, can you also support the view that the average steel price at import level from the rest of the exporter to the U.S. has significantly increased considering that the 2 most aggressive exporters are basically disappearing? And the second one is related to Mexico. I mean, the first indicator of the [indiscernible] risk of potential deterioration of U.S.-Mexico trade relationship is clearly the FX which has appreciated as of late. What is your view on domestic steel demand in Mexico for the next 6 months?
Mark Millett: Well, I'll take the Mexican question first and I'll probably forget the first question by the time I finish that. The Mexico market, at least from our perspective, is still strong and growing. They have -- well, they're still short in a big way down there. They will continue to need imports. Just with the current assets in place, you can argue whether or not people are going to continue to build that. I think they will. But nonetheless, just the current assets in place there, the consumption will -- is strong and will continue to grow. And given our location of the Columbus sheet mill having one of the, if not one, the cheapest freight into Mexico, we're very, very well positioned to benefit and exploit that growth there. So I don't see an issue with Mexico. I think the administration has softened or kind of moderated its stance. There's a recognition that we need to be good trading partners. Maybe the NAFTA agreement should be modified. I think it's been around for a long time and I think both parties will benefit from a new look at that, but I think it's going to be a prudent, pragmatic review. So I don't have any concerns, any issues with trade with Mexico. The earlier question, I think, is kind of focused on the arbitrage between domestic pricing and Asian pricing. Obviously, on the hot-rolled coil side, essentially, the duties have shut China and a lot of those folks out of the marketplace.  We're seeing a little bit of hot-rolled coil coming from other folks, but again, year-over-year, hot-rolled coil import is down significantly. The import arena, that -- it's grown year-over-year. Again, we talked about it earlier. Total sheet and coated, there, the arbitrage has grown. But also, the demand in the States is very, very strong and you've got an industry that is pretty well maxed out today. So I'm not surprised to see a little expansion in those products.
Theresa Wagler: If I can just quickly add, I think you made the point earlier and I think it's a very valid point that some people don't understand, there's an overfocus on China right now on hot-rolled coil prices, where if you look at European prices which they don't have the trade cases necessarily, those prices are still very high. And so to your point, the arbitrage there to bring those into the U.S. really isn't that attractive because their prices have remained much higher than China.
Alessandro Abate: Just a quick follow-up. I mean, what I wanted to say is that considering China is off the market at the moment, also, South Korea has been shut down at the moment, I mean, the average import price that you have is significantly lower than what the China's export price would imply. So the effect of an arbitrage which is calculated between the U.S. HRC and China HRC, has lost a lot of power. Do you agree with that?
Mark Millett: Sure. Absolutely. I totally agree.
Operator: Our next question comes from Novid Rassouli with Cowen and Company.
Novid Rassouli: I had a question -- I think you touched on it in a previous question -- or a couple of the previous questions, Mark, but in last quarter's conference call, you'd mentioned that supply side tightness -- you're seeing supply side tightness on the sheet side and that you expect that to be sustained. I was wondering if you can just update us on how the market has evolved since then and your current thoughts and outlook.
Mark Millett: Well, I, hopefully, articulated that to some degree already. The sheet arena, I think, just continues to be tight. It's somewhat balanced, I guess. You have a large sector of our industry not buying or hasn't really been buying and that's the service center industry and hence, inventories have shrunk as their shipments have increased. So I think generally, there's going to be a catch-up there over the next few months. And as I said earlier, I think the supply chain is in a precarious or at a precarious point. 1.8 months of flat-rolled products out there. I mean, it's almost unheard of.  And I would imagine that the folks are going to need -- if they're going to support the OEM customer when demand continues to grow, that industry needs to be restocked. So that onto itself is going to fuel additional demand. On top of that, demand in general, for us anyway, continues to grow. We're seeing market share growth in automotive. We're seeing growth in the energy arena. And I think it's just going to continue to go over the next couple of quarters, for sure.
Novid Rassouli: Right. And just to touch on the low inventories, so pricing sentiment has definitely shifted basically in the past few weeks and so traditionally, we kind of see buyers pull back a bit. But given the low inventories, I mean, are you seeing any shift in buying activity from the shift in sentiment or -- and do you expect to?
Mark Millett: I think we're seeing the typical profile and it's a little frustration -- frustrating, I guess, for us. But people try to anticipate where the scrap market is going and buy or order in relation to that. Again, we're not in a raw material or cost-driven environment today. We're in a supply side-driven environment. And I think we're going to see less and less of an impact of scrap here going forward on pricing. Well, we have seen a profile a couple of weeks or 3 weeks ago, folks took their feet off the order pedal a little bit and the scrap market didn't come off quite as strong as they anticipated. Pricing has not softened dramatically and we're starting to see the order rate pick back up again today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Hacking with Citi Investment Research.
Alexander Hacking: Just a couple of follow-up questions on end demand, you mentioned in the press release growth from large public sector infrastructure projects. Is this something that you're already seeing? And if so, could you give us some color? Or is this something that you're anticipating once an infrastructure bill will be put in place? And then secondly, just on energy sector, if I remember right, Mark, you talked about -- that this sector could maybe get back to kind of a 5 million ton per year rate. Where do you think we're in that process right now? Is there any way to quantify the improvement in demand from that sector?
Mark Millett: Well, I think our conference in the [indiscernible] to the infrastructure is kind of relative to the potential build, build-out by the administration. I think we're seeing positive growth in nonresidential construction in general, though and it will continue.
Theresa Wagler: I just might add to that, though. We're seeing movement at the state level that really has come prior to any federal infrastructure program and we have seen some positive signs from that. And we just have anecdotal information from [indiscernible] and whatnot that there is some positive movement there for infrastructure.
Mark Millett: And on energy, I wouldn't be able to quantify, honestly, where we're at this moment in time, although I would suggest we're way down the curve and there's a huge runway to be attained here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank.
Sean Wondrack: I'm just trying -- I'm just going through some of the comments you were stating about imports. When we look at global crude steel production, right, it's up about 15 million metric tons year-over-year, with China being up about 11 million metric tons, at least through February. And then when you just look at global pricing, right, U.S. HRC is obviously the highest and then Chinese domestic HRC is obviously the lowest. And it's almost a $300 -- $270 difference at this point. What prevents -- so considering that service center is basically going through a buyer strike and, like you've been commenting, they haven't been buying, inventory levels have been getting very low, do you think they're expecting imports? Like are imports on the water since it takes 3 to 4 months to come over and they think they can just get around the tariffs? I know that service centers, a couple of them I've spoken to, put about 20% of their buy in offshore steel. So I was just kind of curious how you looked at that, thought about that dynamic.
Mark Millett: I'm not aware of any threat on the hot-rolled coil side from anyone. I would suggest that essentially, the hot-rolled coil arena has been effectively shut down. Any thrust would be, again, on the cold-rolled sheet and coated side of the business, as we've said earlier. So that volume is somewhat limited. A lot of that material today are kind of what I call stocked stuff coming in, the 48-wide and 60-wide material. And as you have a supply chain inventory as tight as we're today, they don't have every size and gauge [indiscernible] that our customers or that the OEMs want. And so there's a natural need for stuff produced in the United States and I think we're at that kind of sort of balance point today. And we're not threatened. We don't feel threatened by any further imports there.
Sean Wondrack: So that would kind of indicate that these service centers that have been buying imports would start buying American again which should be great for the market. So I guess we should look to see that in the coming quarters?
Mark Millett: Well, it'd be good to see some of those folks be a little more patriotic than they are, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie.
Aldo Mazzaferro: I just had 2 quick questions. In the pipe market, you got this Trump initiative that seems to be focusing on melted and poured steel in the U.S. rather than rolled slabs and things like that. And I'm wondering, I think a lot of the steel that gets sold to the pipe market is coming from slabs that might be imported. I'm wondering whether you see an opportunity [indiscernible], especially with some of those pipe mills that are sitting around Texas that are underutilized [indiscernible] more materials. Is there kind of a big story in your hot-rolled coil business going to the energy that might be further accelerated by the melt-and-pour [indiscernible]?
Barry Schneider: Aldo, this is Barry Schneider. I would tell you that in recent meetings we've had with the administration and Department of Commerce, the pipe manufacturing in the United States have had troubles on their own in competing on a level playing field across the world. So in many cases, the materials they can get here in the United States, they are capable of vast majority of products that would be consumed here. But in some cases, when hot-rolled is coming in subsidized in the shape of a pipe or energy sector product, it's very difficult to compare or to compete with that. So we did -- we were excited to hear that the administration was considering the standard melted and poured kind of language for Buy American projects. We think that is a good utilization of American business and helping to level that playing field for people that make those products. But that will regard primarily intrastate business. So interstate business, we have to convince people we have the right products and earn that business. But this helps us through that by leveling the playing field and allowing the domestic manufacturers to have what they need, supply it right here in [indiscernible].
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. And then kind of a second question on the topic of [indiscernible], any strategy on scrap? [indiscernible] some of the assets you made to traditional lines earlier, is that mostly third-party material that you [indiscernible] by your ratio of internal [indiscernible] versus the previous in terms of the amount of scrap you sell internally versus outsiders?
Barry Schneider: Those yards were kind of on the periphery and certainly not within the shadow of our steel mills. So the scrap that did go from those yards had a big freight bill on it to get to our steel mills. So naturally, scrap is going to flow to the most logical freight home in most cases. So again, that -- those assets were better suited for somebody else.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. So Russ, is your strategy on scrap to try to stay slightly long, selling to the market? Or do you think you'll gravitate eventually towards self-sufficiency?
Russel Rinn: I think it's a combination of both, although I think our primary role is to make sure we've got the right scrap for our steel mills at the right price. That's our no. one priority, [indiscernible].
Aldo Mazzaferro: Sorry. It looks like if you had one more mill, you'd probably be there.
Russel Rinn: Getting close.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fields with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Matthew Fields: Just a couple of smaller things and then one sort of bigger picture. What kind of auto sheet products are you making at Columbus?
Barry Schneider: We continue to develop new products all the time, but we do sell advanced high-strength steels to market as well as traditional galvanized and high-strength steel members. We continue out of our Butler facility. Actually, we've been growing with our automotive team. We've been growing the participation out of Butler. And in many cases, it's lighter products that the mill's suited for. Down at Columbus, on the coated side, we do have much more capability there. The galvanizing lines were designed for some of these more modern steel applications. So we try not to get too far ahead of ourselves and we're trying to respond to what the automakers are asking us to do. And right now, that works well for the whole product mix. And as you may know, we do not do exposed automotive, but we do a vast majority of other parts of the automotive, what's going into an automobile. So we look forward to adding these newer products, but we're always trying to make sure that we're doing the best thing with our assets we can and communicating with the automakers to find where they need us to be. So it's a changing world in this steel. It's really exciting. It really is interesting metallurgically, of course, but for our product mix, it's great, as Mark said, to diversify us.
Matthew Fields: And then I think Theresa mentioned one of the bigger -- one of the surprising drivers of growth this quarter was mining equipment out of Pittsboro maybe specifically or maybe sort of company-wide. But can you talk about those kinds of products, customers, what kind of equipment you were supplying?
Glenn Pushis: Sure. This is Glenn Pushis. Most of those products go into our forging applications, so it will be sold to forge houses that then support the oil patch. So couplings, different forge applications for different types of machinery.
Matthew Fields: So it's more oil and gas than it is for actual mining?
Glenn Pushis: There's a little bit of mining. I consider Caterpillar to be mining, so yellow goods have picked up a little bit.
Matthew Fields: Okay. And then lastly, I think Timna asked the question about inorganic growth and you're pretty helpful on that. I know you can't sort of give away the store here, but now that you're 1.0x net leveraged which is of lowest you've been in a very long, long time, would you be willing to sort of flex your balance sheet to go after something bigger on the downstream side?
Mark Millett: Absolutely. I think we recognize where we're and I think we have the -- and we've been -- we've done here intentionally to build a platform or a foundation for significant growth and I think we will take advantage of that. That being said, we continue to reassess where we're and our sort of cash allocation [indiscernible].
Theresa Wagler: So Matt, just to calibrate a little bit, when we talk about kind of the framework for looking at the balance sheet and the capital structure, we really gear toward net leverage of less than 3x through cycle. So with that, you can see that we've, to Mark's point, really prepared for a pretty significant growth opportunity, whether that's downstream or otherwise, as Mark mentioned earlier.
Matthew Fields: And then would you sort of prefer a pipe and tube manufacture that's on the structural side or maybe a more energy-focused tubular producer?
Mark Millett: We're looking for opportunities that will improve our sort of margin profile, that provides pull-through volume for us. Well, again, 3 avenues or 3 focus areas, as I said earlier. It's downstream, sort of value-add processing-type capability, pull-through volume, so some form of manufacturing to draw material through based on the model of New Millennium, based on the model of Vulcan, on the sort of threaded run out of Pittsboro and also just steel assets themselves.
Matthew Fields: When you say steel assets themselves, you mean like a new mill?
Mark Millett: Or existing mills that we believe we can infuse with our culture and our business model to improve their earnings profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets.
David Gagliano: I just realized the call's been going on for an hour and 10 minutes and nobody's asked the typical one-of-the-first questions I ever usually ask, short term modeling-type question. How should we be thinking about volume sequentially overall and margins per ton sequentially overall in the second quarter versus the first quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Well, Dave, this is Theresa and Mark's smiling very broadly and pointing at me, so I can be the bad guy. Clearly, we want to focus long term. And so I think Mark said at the profile, right now, we do expect and I think you can take whatever you want without maybe too prescriptive, but we're expecting demand to continue to increase in the various areas that we discussed. We're going to say steady. We definitely see in a positive trend. From a perspective of spreads, we do believe that the supply side really is driving flat roll pricing today versus the cost side. So one would suggest that given supply is still very tight, that would be a very constructive view on pricing for flat rolls. We're expecting to see continued construction which should help support the long products side of the equation as well as the energy market. And scrap, we believe, should stay pretty steady and moderate. You'll have [indiscernible] months here and there, but we can't predict those. Long term, if you look at the supply and the demand environment, there's no reason why there's a significant driver for it to go either significantly higher or significantly lower. So you can -- you could take from that what you will and I'm sorry, I'm not being more prescriptive. I'm sure everyone would like us to be so.
David Gagliano: No, that's perfect. That's very helpful. Very much appreciate the longer term approach and also what seems to me to be very encouraging, supportive commentary regarding the outlook for the market here.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Super. Well, thank you, Rob. And again, many thanks for sharing your time with us today. We do value you as we do our customers. Any customers on the line, we'd like to certainly thank you for your support. And to our employees, I tell you, guys and girls, you did a phenomenal job in the quarter. It's you that drives the company's success and will continue to drive it forward in the future. So it's an honor to be with you all. So take care. Have a great day.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers  Investor Relations Manager Mark Millett  President and Chief Executive Officer Theresa Wagler  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Russ Rinn  President and Chief Operating Officer-OmniSource Corporation Glenn Pushis  Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group Barry Schneider  Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group
Analysts: Evan Kurtz  Morgan Stanley David Gagliano  BMO Capital Markets Justin Kwan  Barclays Tony Rizzuto  Cowen and Company Brett Levy  Loop Capital Seth Rosenfeld  Jefferies Michael Gambardella  JPMorgan Phil Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets Jorge Beristain  Deutsche Bank Matthew Fields  Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Annual 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 25, 2017, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Donna. Good morning everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics fourth quarter and annual 2016 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the Companys operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President Downstream Manufacturing Group; and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President Long Product Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President of Flat Roll Steel Group. Some of todays statement, which speaks only as of this date may be forward-looking and predictive. Physically preceded by believe, expect, anticipates or words with similar meaning, they are intended to be protected by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should actual results turn out differently. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties related to our Steel, Metals Recycling and Fabrication businesses, as well as to general business and economic conditions. Examples of these are described in our annually filed SEC Form 10-K under the heading forward-looking statements and Risk Factors found on the internet at www.sec.gov, and is applicable in any later SEC Form 10-Q. You will also find any referenced non-GAAP financial measures reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the press release issued yesterday entitled Steel Dynamics Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2016 Results. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thanks, Tricia. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. We appreciate you sharing your time with us today, and we all wish every one of you health and happiness in this New Year in 2017. I would like to start the call by recognizing and thanking the entire Steel Dynamics team for their dedication and strong performance this past year. They did a terrific job further reducing our safety incident rates, turning in best-in-class financial metrics, producing at record rates, and they continue to expand our production capabilities and product offerings. Theres a tangible momentum that continues to build within our Company and within our industry, supported by underlying market fundamentals for 2017 and likely beyond. Coupled with our existing unique earnings catalysts, lean capacity and intended growth objectives, were definitely optimistic heading into the year. But to begin this morning, I ask Theresa to comment on our financial results.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I would like to add my thanks and congratulations to the entire SDI team. We have really had a lot of milestones on many fronts this year, and some of those have benefited 2016, but I think many of them have us set up very well for the coming years as well. A few of the items of note are we had record steel shipments this year. We had our third consecutive record year for fabrication shipments and revenues. We had record annual adjusted operating income of $861 million, and we recorded our second highest annual adjusted EBITDA of $1.2 billion. And I will note that the accounting folks have us just about $10 million shy of our record, so very good year. For the full year 2016, our net adjusted income was $472 million, or $1.92 per diluted share. The adjustments included three items. One was in the third quarter, with litigation settlement charges of about $5 million related to our industry-wide Standard Iron Works lawsuit. The fourth quarter, there was debt refinancing and repayment charges of $17 million associated with the refinancing of our 2019 senior notes and the repayment of our senior secured term note and fourth quarter non-cash asset impairment charges of $132.8 million of which $127 million was related to our Idles of Minnesota iron operation. As we noted in our December 2016 guidance, we evaluated the appropriateness of the carry value of the assets in Minnesota, primarily at the Mining Resources joint venture. These are the operations that produced iron concentrate from tailings that we idled in May of 2014. We determined that the estimated fair value did not support the existing book values, and therefore recorded the impairment. On an unadjusted basis, 2016 GAAP net income was $382 million, or $1.56 per diluted share. Specifically for the fourth quarter, excluding the aforementioned refinancing impairment items, adjusted net income was $106 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, within our adjusted guidance of between $0.40 and $0.44. On an unadjusted basis, fourth quarter 2016 GAAP net income was $20 million, or $0.08 per diluted share. Fourth quarter 2016 consolidated revenue was $1.9 billion, 9% lower than the sequential quarter based on both lower steel shipments and the average selling value. Our adjusted operating income was $189 million, compared to $284 million in the sequential third quarter. The decrease was driven by reduced shipments and metal spread compression within our Flat Roll operations, as average quarterly hot roll prices declined. For steel specifically, the full year was a great year. Our Steel Operations achieved numerous performance milestones, resulting in record volumes and operating income. Notably, full-year flat roll shipments were 14% higher, driving record total shipments of 9.2 million tons. The annual metal spread improved as the annual average scrap raw material costs fell more than average sales prices. Sales prices were down about $17 per ton, where scrap was down $35 per ton. Specifically for the fourth quarter of this year, steel shipments actually decreased 3% to 2.2 million tons. The result of both seasonality and slow flat roll customer order activity early in the quarter. Volumes declined for both flat and long products, although our utilization remained well above the industry. Lower volume in metal spread resulted in a 30% decline in Steel Operating income for the fourth quarter compared to the sequential third quarter. Steel platform average selling prices decreased $60 per ton to $680, outpacing decreased average scrap costs of $31 per ton. Moving to Metals Recycling. This platform had a really steady to improving price environment throughout the year, along with considered focus on operating efficiency resulting in a significant improvement in full-year profitability. Excluding a non-cash $5.5 million goodwill impairment charge, they achieved annual 2016 operating income of $40 million, driven by a 10% improvement in metal spread. Specifically for the fourth quarter of 2016, seasonally slower demand resulted in slightly lower shipments. However, steady metal spread and focused cost efforts resulted in steady sequential operating income of $10 million. Additionally, the team continues to effectively lever the strength of our vertically integrated business profile benefiting both the steel mills and the scrap operations. Metals Recycling increased the percentage of total of their shipments to Steel Dynamics mills from 54% of their volume in 2015 to over 60% in 2016. For Fabrications full year 2016, they achieved another strong operating and financial result. Achieving record sales of $704 million on record shipments of 563,000 tons. However, full-year operating income declined just over 20% from the record results of 2015. As noted throughout the year, the decrease was driven by metal spread compression, as higher average steel input costs coincided with lower annual selling values. Specifically for the fourth quarter, Fabrication shipments declined due to seasonal impacts. However, product pricing improved an average of 5%, which more than offset lower shipments and resulted in steady sequential profitability of $18 million. Non-residential construction demand continues to be steady throughout much of the United States. We continue to see strong quote and order entry activity, even considering the seasonally slower winter timeframe. On a consolidated basis, we generated our second strongest year of cash flow from operations in 2016 of $853 million and free cash flow after fixed asset investment of $655 million. Importantly, the quality of the cash flow in 2016 was far superior to last years record, as much of 2015 benefited from reduced working capital, while in 2016 it was earnings driven and working capital was effectively managed in a stronger market environment. Even in this seasonally slower fourth quarter, our operating framework allowed us to generate meaningful cash flow from operations of $207 million. Based on favorable market dynamics, we opportunistically refinanced our 6% and 8% $400 million senior notes due 2019 within a new 10-year 5% senior note offering in the same amount. And we repaid $228 million of secured term note debt in the quarter. These transactions are expected to reduce annual 2017 interest burden by about $10 million and further extend our debt maturity profile. We maintained our cash dividend for the fourth quarter at $0.14 per common share, and we repurchased $25 million of our common stock pursuant to the October 2016 Board authorized $450 million program. As demonstrated, our business model and unique operating culture generates strong cash flow through all market cycles, based on the low highly-variable cost structure of our operations and our highly-diversified value-added product offerings. Even after investing in operations, decreasing debt and increasing dividends early in the year while also initiating a share repurchase program, we maintained near-record liquidity of over $2 billion at the end of the year. The strength of our through-cycle cash generation coupled with a strong credit and capital structure profile provides great opportunity for continued organic and inorganic growth. We are squarely focused on the continuation of sustainable optimized value creation. Thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. I think that encapsulates what an incredible performance of the team in all honesty did in 2016, and how successful our business model is going to be through the cycle. But the safety and welfare of our employees remain our number one priority, and nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains significantly better than industry averages, and we continue to work toward a zero incident environment at every location. The team did a phenomenal job this year continuing their success of year-over-year improvement, achieving a record Company wide performance. We reduced the annual recordable injury rate by a further 20%, and 63% of our locations were totally incident free. My sincere thanks to the entire STLD team for their dedication and continued focus. As Tricia outlined, the Steel platform continued to perform at the top of the industry in 2016, achieving numerous operating and financial records. Due to having one of the most highly-diversified and value-added product portfolios in the industry, we maintained an annual utilization rate of 87%. Once again, markedly better than the domestic industry rate of about 71%. 2016 certainly provided a changing landscape to the domestic steel market. Demand from the automotive and construction sectors remained positive. The demand related to heavy equipment, agriculture, and energy while not deteriorating further remained anemic through the year. The year was somewhat of a tale of two cities, flat roll steel versus long products. Domestically, flat roll steel utilization rates were much higher during 2016, compared to long product utilization rates. 2016 flat roll supply dynamics benefited from the decline in year-over-year imports. Hot roll coil import volume was down 25%, while sheet products in total were down 14%. When coupled with the starkly low customer inventory levels and steady demand, a positive sellers environment evolved. However, the fourth quarter was a bit of an anomaly in our mind, as flat roll customers were hesitant in late September and October to place orders ahead of expected scrap price declines. As we suggested at the time, the resulting short dip in order entry and pricing was purely procurement driven and not a result of any structural change in underlying demand. Order activity picked up significantly in November and December. Lead times stretched out and pricing recovered. Unfortunately, the same supply demand balance did not exist for long product steel, as production overcapacity persisted relative to the current demand environment. Although our total annual utilization rate was 87%, our long products utilization was only 68% with our engineered bar division suffering the most. Even though the SBQ expansion into small diameter bars has significantly helped utilization as these sizes are generally tied to the automotive sector which remained strong, operating rates were still far less than we would like. There is good news I think though. The FDA Steel platform still has about 1.5 million to two million tons of unused existing production in shipping capability, and most of the products would potentially be consumed by infrastructure and large civil engineering projects. Although no one can be certain, recent conversations suggest that it is highly likely that the new administration will keep their word and execute on a broad-based infrastructure plan which is deeply needed in our country. Columbus provides another significant earnings catalyst for us. The change the team has made are nothing short of transformational. The successful market and product diversification that has been achieved over the last two years is one of the key differentiators for the improved profitability that we realized in 2016, and will be key in the coming years as well. Its a very exciting time for the Columbus team, as they continue to focus on product diversification and increasing their value-added product capabilities. The team shipped prime Galvalume product in the second half of 2016, and the paint line was successfully commissioned in the fourth quarter with production starting in December about a month earlier. Prime painted product is already being shipped. The total $100 million investment provides 250,000 tons of annual coating capability, and further diversification into some of our highest margin products. We have two existing paint lines in Indiana, but this new line allows for high-quality double-wide steel and access to the southern U.S. and Mexican markets. Our existing painted steel customer base is excited to have the geographic and product diversification and optionality. Our Steel platform also continues to benefit from other organic growth investments as well. The $22 million investment for an additional 600,000 tons of annual flat roll pickering capability at our Butler flat roll division ramped up in 2016. The addition has meaningfully increased value-added sales. The $15 million investment to increase annual galvanizing productivity by an additional 180,000 tons at the Butler flat roll division is underway. We anticipate commissioning this summer with increased production capability through the second half of this year. Also, the recently announced $28 million investment at our Roanoke bar division to utilize excess melting and casting capability by adding equipment that will allow for multi-strand slitting and rebar finishing. With a highly competitive cost structure, we expect to have a strong market penetration being the only non-competing supplier of rebar to independent rebar fabricators. Commissioning should commence at the end of 2017. The operation and profitability of our Metals Recycling platform remained steady in the fourth quarter, despite weaker demand due to lower seasonal domestic steel mill utilization. Lower shipments and slightly lower metal spread were offset by the benefit from the teams continued focus on cost reductions, and better alignment of our Metals Recycling assets. In December, we entered into an agreement to sell some of our recycling assets in the Southeast and the U.S. We believe this transaction will benefit both parties, as these assets are non-core to our own Steel Operations and have closer proximity to the buyers steel production facilities. The transaction better aligns our existing metals recycling locations to directly serve our own mills. While its always difficult to part ways with our employees, we are confident that the buyer will provide a good home for them. While the team achieved a significant improvement in profitability during 2016, we see additional positive momentum for 2017. With the expectation of a continued strong U.S. dollar and relatively low scrap exports, we anticipate ample scrap supply and expect the pricing environment to stabilize as the year progresses. The Fabrication platform continues its ongoing historically strong performance, achieving record shipments in 2016. We have a great market penetration across all our product offerings. Since our acquisition of additional deck assets a little more than a year ago, we have gained considerable market share for deck. Approaching 30% for the full year of 2016, compared to only 24% prior to the acquisition. Our Fabrication Operations purchased 330,000 tons of steel from our own SDI mills in 2016. The power of pull-through volume from our Fabrication platform or steel that can be sourced from our own steel mills was critical in 2015 and beneficial in 2016 as well. This pull-through strategy remains one of our focuses for ongoing growth. The new millennium team continues to perform exceptionally, levering our national footprint. The strength of this business provides positive insight also into the continued strength in non-residential construction activity, which has been steady with the opportunity for growth in 2017. Relative to the macro environment, the Steel consuming sectors that were weak in 2015, such as energy and heavy equipment and agriculture, remained so in 2016. And those sectors that have been strong or recovering are continuing this path, such as automotive and construction. Reduced imports and lower than historically normal custom inventory levels coupled with steady demand have created a year-over-year improved environment for flat roll products that we expect to continue into 2017. We have a constructive view on our domestic steel consumption in the coming years. Domestic automotive production may be edging off record levels, but we believe total 2017 NAFTA production will grow slightly as Mexico continues to grow production with the current assets in place. This is highly complementary to our commerce divisions automotive strategy. We believe there will be additional growth in the construction sector, especially for larger public sector infrastructure projects, which would greatly benefit our long products group. We also expect to see strong improvement activity within the energy sector. Going forward, we will continue to focus on adding value-added products to our portfolio that help insulate us from imports and create long-lasting customer partnerships such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ, and longer length rail. Our business model and execution on our long-term strategy continues to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation, demonstrating our sustainability and differentiating us from our industry. Customer focus coupled with our market diversification and low-cost operatings will support our ability to remain our best-in-class financial performance and differentiation. The Company and the team is poised for continued growth. And the strong character and determination of our employees provides the foundation for our success. I would like to take the opportunity to thank each and every one of them for their hard work and dedication, and remind them safety is always the first priority. We continue to focus on providing superior value for our Company, customers, employees and shareholders alike, and look forward to creating new opportunities for everyone in the years ahead. So again, thank you for your time today. And Donna, please open the call for our questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Evan Kurtz of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Evan Kurtz: Good morning, Mark and Theresa.
Theresa Wagler: Morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Evan Kurtz: I will ask a question on scrap. Just hearing recently that in Turkey, the scrap has come under a lot of pressure. And I am just wondering how that is influencing the conversations right now in the U.S. scrap market right now? Seasonally, demand is probably picking up a little bit. And Im wondering if that is going to mute some of the impact from what were seeing on the export front?
Russ Rinn: Evan, this is Russ. I think what were seeing and what we see is we think probably December and January markets got a little hotter than they probably should have. So I am anticipating we will see a mild correction in February and maybe a little bit in March, but I think beyond that I think were seeing a pretty robust market. I think the demand for our steel products continues. So I do not think were going to see the corrections weve seen over the last couple of years. I think there will be a mild retrenchment and we will go from there.
Evan Kurtz: And maybe just a
Mark Millett: Just to kind of color that as to SDI specifically, a stable market sort of pricing environment should really aid the recycling profitability of OmniSource. The last two years, 2015 and 2016, you saw kind of prolonged downward trend in pricing. And when youre working in kind of an inventory based by it one month sell it the next, it is tough to make the spread. So its just a stable, stable environment going through the year, I think is going to be positive for us. And I think Russ and the team have done a terrific job. You just look at the fourth quarter, volumes were down, margins were down, but our profitability was flat. And that was driven by a lot of cost containment, much of which was  came from the realignment of assets and we anticipate continued cost efficiencies there of probably $10 million or so. With the idling of the Wilmington shredder, Smithfield shredders, and with the sales of the Carolina and Georgia assets.
Evan Kurtz: Great, thanks for the color. Maybe just one follow-up on that. Since it does seem like scrap may soften a bit in the first quarter and given your comments on some of the positive market dynamics on steel, would you expect metal margins the first quarter to expand versus the fourth quarter?
Mark Millett: I think thats a good assumption.
Evan Kurtz: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Gagliano of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
David Gagliano: Great. Thanks. My question was similar to what Evan just asked. I was curious about metal margins. Just to follow-up on that and as an add-on, can you frame just sort of given the current environment and the outlook for scrap, can you frame roughly the magnitude of the expected expansion metal margins, number one? And then number two, can you also give us some commentary regarding first-quarter volumes relative to the fourth quarter as well?
Mark Millett: Well as you know, David, we would refrain from quantifying the margin expansion and again where the first quarter still unraveling. But we would anticipate expanded margin, and we would anticipate from what we see in the marketplace, volume expansion as well. And just to maybe preempt a question on the markets. And if I bifurcate that into flat roll and long products, in sheet, we believe the supply-side tightness will be sustained. When you look at the December eminent CI data, it showed the typical seasonal decline in shipments but inventories remain at historically low levels. But we believe the import volumes will remain constrained with the duties in place. The arbitrage against global price and its certainly reversed and there is less import interest out there. Mill lead times for the industry and certainly for ourselves are healthy. Hot roll coil for us is at four to six week tag, and coated and coiled roll sheet is six plus weeks out. And the industry utilization, albeit at 71%, 72%, obviously flat roll is as much higher as an industry in general. So we believe the supply side is healthy and positive. On the demand side, demand remains pretty healthy and I think we should see growth. And again, I am just specifically talking about sheet. If NAFTA order will remain strong and SDI is certainly increasing its market share through the Columbus mill and Mexico activities. Non-residential continues incremental growth, I believe. The ABI has been positive, and its been gone for the last three months I think. And Chris group, New Millennium Building Systems order activity, inquiry and bookings remains very, very strong there, which is good. As Theresa indicated, we have about 1.5 million, 2 million tons of latent capacity that is correlated strongly with non-residential construction. So as that incremental growth continues, we will benefit and certainly well get a major boost from what I believe is an inevitable infrastructure spend. On then once out there, I think people are going to be very, very surprised with the strength in the energy recovery. We talked last quarter about we started to see glimpses, but has strengthened dramatically. Our rig count is growing, energy pricing is going to be sustained we believe at that $50 or more, and we think on the flat roll sort of scalp side there is a lot less inventory or pipe or usable pipe than is anticipated. We are seeing significant pickup in order activity at Converse just the past four weeks. Their pipeline projects have taken off, and I think it is going to grow and surprise us all. So in general, we anticipate a positive flat roll market, sheet pricing we think will continue or should appreciate through the year, and the first-quarter volumes should pick up a little and margins expand. In long products, again as I said earlier, unlike sheet the overcapacity does persist, but were starting to see a market change in customer sentiment, and market dynamics turning very, very positive, I believe. Beams remain under pressure from overcapacity, but consumption should grow as non-residential continues to grow. Specific to SDI, I think the team has done a great job expanding the product portfolio and we will continue to do that with angles in 2017. That seeing fabricator  or the fabricators are reporting strong order inquiry and are building backlog. And again, there should be an infrastructure spend there. So I think structural arena has got some positive momentum. Class one rail, although CapEx for the class ones has softened some, again, the team has been expanding the product range, getting into the high carbon grades and different sections and we think that the volumes will remain strong and flat through the year. And similarly, merchant shapes seems to be showing some signs of recovery with the fabricators having stronger backlogs and service centers restocking. But most significantly, and I think were excited, is a very strong rebound in engineered bar and SBQ. It has taken place probably in the last four to five weeks. But the team is probably more optimistic now than it has been in 2 or 3 years, and the customers are definitely in a markedly significant difference frame of mind. And they are starting to pull out there orders or pullout from their forecasts, and it is most noticeably in the oil patch. Weve seen the tubers and the forages are significantly stronger than we have seen for a very long time. And I think we are even seeing a rebound in Caterpillar off-road. So were excited about that. So long products in general, we believe is  its going to see some good growth through the year.
Evan Kurtz: Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matthew Korn of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Kwan: Hey, everyone. This is Justin filling in for Matt.
Theresa Wagler: Morning.
Justin Kwan: I was wondering, have you guys had a chance to interact with anyone from the new administration yet? And if you have, what have the talks been about?
Mark Millett: We have not.
Justin Kwan: Okay.
Mark Millett: Have we? Everyone is shaking their head no.
Justin Kwan: Okay. And then just one more. Did the potential for reopening NAFTA cause any complications with marketing plans with Columbus and the shipments to Mexico at all, or is there anything were missing on that?
Mark Millett: No, we are continuing to look at Mexico as a strong marketplace for us. There are a lot of existing assets in place there. You just have to travel through the industrial centers there. Consumption is massive, and were not looking for a large portion of that. We shipped 200,000 tons into Mexico last year, and the intent is to increase that to around about 400,000 tons. And I think we are confident that its going to happen. Again, I think with the new administration, you have got some very, very positive things that they reportedly want to do, tax reform, trade, some sensible regulation. The balance is going to be not to shut down trade with Mexico or Canada or  I guess we need flow going both ways across the borders. But we are going forward, but we are not planned.
Justin Kwan: Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tony Rizzuto of Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Tony Rizzuto: Thanks very much. Good morning, Mark, Theresa, and Russ. Just got a couple questions here if I maybe. The first one is, Mark, on your comments over the latent capacity that you have. Over what time period do you envision that you would be able to operate that more fully and be able to achieve that 1.5 million to 2 million tons?
Mark Millett: I think that its probably the second half of the year that well ramp into that. We are going to see volume growth through  in the first half compared to the fourth quarter for sure. But from an infrastructure build, that will ramp up obviously. And you have two sectors there, you have the fast track where theres numerous projects already kind of lined up and they will likely, and were starting to see them more I think, but they will likely come on in the second quarter. And then any infrastructure buildout from the new administration, thats probably a second half and going into
Tony Rizzuto: Okay. And then, if I may, just theres a lot of things arguably about the new administration, which are very supportive to the steel demand and the steel industry in general. And maybe following up on the question about NAFTA, are there any other areas that worry you about any potential outcomes with new policy? What is most concerning to you potentially?
Mark Millett: Again, everything is speculative I think right now, Tony. I think theyve come out with guns blazing and following up on the some of their promises. And I think tax reform, as I said, tax reform and sensible regulation will certainly help the country have a more positive business climate and boost the economy. And their position on trade, I think  we are already benefiting dramatically from the cases that were approved last year. They can only sort of vulcanize that environment. I think the sensitivities or the balance is trade and not getting into a trade war, and hopefully we have some sensible people advising that new administration and we wont get that point.
Tony Rizzuto: Thanks, Mark. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brett Levy of Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Levy: Hey, Mark, hey, Theresa. Is it on your plate at all to consider adding any assets in Mexico, and have you heard anything from competitors or, I dont know, even substitute products that sort of thing, to add capacity to address the capacity that is already left for Mexico?
Mark Millett: I guess our strategy in Mexico currently, Brett, is commercial more than bricks and mortar.
Brett Levy: So continue to send stuff that way. I mean, is there any advantage to putting SBQ or any other form of capacity there as opposed to shipping it to them?
Mark Millett: Were not looking at that I would suggest currently. They obviously are steel short. They import pretty much all oil products, but that is not something that we are considering right this second.
Brett Levy: All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our question is coming from Seth Rosenfeld of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Rosenfeld: Good morning. I have a couple questions on the outlook for the long steel market. Can you just comment about more on what youre currently seeing for long steel import trends into the U.S.? In 2017, have you already seen some countries begin back out of the U.S. proactively following the law into the most recent rebar trade case? And can you give us a little bit of a sense of what level of confidence you have looking forward, both with regards to the Turkey trade case also including two other Asian peers? And also the Mexican tariff review, what impact could that have in the market various scenarios? Thank you.
Glenn Pushis: Good morning. This is Glenn Pushis. The rebar trade case, we are involved in it but were just not a real big player in that sector. At this point, we do maybe 50,000 or 60,000 tons in arguably about 9 million ton market here in North America. So it is really hard for me to answer any of those questions, Mark, with much distinct knowledge about that.
Seth Rosenfeld: Okay, thank you. I guess then looking the other areas of long steel where youre more focused like SBQ. You commented very positive on the demand trends. Can you just talk about what headwinds you could see the market with regards to other local capacity domestically within the U.S., or if you could see the risk of imports once again coming in should those prices really start to pick up as you mentioned earlier?
Mark Millett: Again, our focus at Pittsboro is principally in engineered bar not in commercial commodity type SBQ. The import pressure comes in just 1-inch RAND 1045, 1018 commodity type materials. The team has done a phenomenal job down there building relationships with the Caterpillars and their automotive, the forches whereby it can take 2 or 3 years to get qualified for a certain application. Those cannot be substituted one month in one month out by imports. So I do not believe SBQ is dramatically impacted from  or at least our SBQ business, dramatically impacted from import pressure.
Seth Rosenfeld: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Gambardella of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Gambardella: Good morning and congratulations on another good quarter.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Gambardella: Youre welcome, Mark thanks. I was watching CNN on Tuesday, the second day that Trump was in the office, and noticed that the U.S. Steels CEO was standing there next to Trump smiling in the White House office. And I was just stunned over the last 35 years of following this industry to think that a steel executive would be invited into the White House the second day a president was in the office just shocked me. What do you think you can expect to get out of Washington on the trade front? Even I would say on the sheet side, even if they could strictly enforce the laws that are on the books right now would be a big positive for you and the rest of the players in the sheet market, and Im really talking about the diversion that China is doing through Vietnam and other countries to evade the trade tariffs that they have in place. Because legally, you would think China wouldnt be able to export a pound of sheet steel into the U.S. given the tariffs they have on hot roll, cold roll, and coated, recently. What are your expectations for strict enforcement of the trade laws that we have right now coming out of Washington?
Mark Millett: I think you actually likely answered your own question, Michael. I believe there will be vigorous enforcement of the anti-circumvention laws. If you consider the whack-a-mole we saw last year with Vietnam, I think Vietnam ended with 800,000 tons of the coated product coming in which is huge, huge volume. That, and as you know there is a case or intervention pending there and I think that will end positively. Certainly the rhetoric and the trade position that were seeing out of Washington right this second gives you a high likelihood or high probability that that will be successful. And that is very meaningful, certainly meaningful for us with the Galvalume product that has been coming in and the building product commodity prepayments coming in. Just the non-market subsidization, and I think a strong point will be just taking action on the currency manipulation by China.
Michael Gambardella: What other benefits could you see coming out of trade in terms of regulations that you  that may have been imposed on you guys over the last five, eight years?
Mark Millett: Well if you look in that timeframe, and I do not know whether you are implying or inferring like a section 201 type activity, again, it would just be speculative for us to talk about at this moment.
Michael Gambardella: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot and congratulations again, Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you. Mike, just I guess one thought. Relative to the trade cases that we already have in place, because I think its illustrative to look at the downturn in Q4 of 2015 and the recent one in 2016. Both are relatively procurement driven. But you had in 2015, hot roll coil plummeted like $3.20 and that down cycle lasted for the fourth quarter into January. This most recent one, hot roll did come off, only down to about $4.20 and obviously it was almost an eight week dip. And I think that that foreshortening of that cycle and the lessening of the debt is a result of those trade cases in place. And it gives us confidence anyway that for some time to come were going to see a different pricing environment for our products, a much stronger pricing environment for our products.
Michael Gambardella: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Phil Gibbs of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Phil Gibbs: Just had a question on the mix in sheet products in the quarter, and what that breakout was, Theresa.
Theresa Wagler: Phil, Im so sorry  yes I have that for you. So for hot band and P&O it was 781,000 tons, cold roll was 112,000 tons, and coated was 673,000 tons for the total of 1.6 billion.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. And can you remind us how much lag there is in the sheet business in terms of how much business is direct spot versus quarterly or monthly indexes?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so were still have right around that 40% to 45% that is contractual, Phil, and that is what I would put a lag on. The rest of it truly is spot business.
Phil Gibbs: Okay, I appreciate that. And the last one I have is on electricity and power rights. I know natural gas itself is not necessarily a big driver for you guys, but electricity is. Have we seen power rates move higher as call it the last 12 to 18 months have gone on with higher call it info cost minimum in oil and natural gas?
Theresa Wagler: Phil, it is nothing that would be significant enough for us to note.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Millett: And, Phil, if I may, and it maybe self evident and most of recognize it. But just for perhaps the newcomers on the call, when we talk about contract pricing at 40%, thats volume driven and pricing is actually against index. So there is no fixed price contracts out there, just for clarity.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jorge Beristain of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Jorge Beristain: Hey, good morning, Mark and Theresa. I had a question about the Columbus mill. Could you just recap again, you said the percentage of value added has increased from when you guys took it over, could you just give me those numbers again?
Theresa Wagler: Well when we actually purchased Columbus in 2014, over 60% of their shipments were what we would call more just straight hot band. And today, they are actually operating at almost full capacity on their galvanizing lines. And we just added a paint line which will add 250,000 tons of really our highest margin product throughout our flat roll operation, and that actually started. And so we expect to ramp that up throughout 2017 with new and existing customers. I would say today, if you look at that same percentage of just straight hot band, it is more in the area of 45% and we hope to get that even down lower. I think we could get it as low as 40% at some point in time.
Jorge Beristain: So would it be fair to say youve had about a 20 percentage point increase in value add?
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Absolutely.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. And then just on the energy exposure from Columbus. Because at the time youd acquired it, energy was heading south at the time. What is the energy exposure there historically, and how much is it for your Firm overall and how quickly could you re-ramp up service to the energy sector if those pipelines come back on?
Theresa Wagler: So from an energy perspective, when we bought Columbus, they had a real strong concentration. It was probably at least 20% that was tied directly into that energy sector, and theres nothing that they need to do to ramp up capacity it is just different products that they produce on existing equipment. So it is really about the customer base itself, and they have maintained great relationships with those energy customers. And so, Barry, you can jump in if you would like. But I dont think its a matter of ramping it up, it is a matter of keeping a diversified customer base that they stay at high utilization rates.
Barry Schneider: Absolutely, Theresa. And I think one of the things that I would like to add is that we continually add new products, so we are able to make higher strike steels in wider widths which is what that sector requires. And we do have a capital project this year to upgrade a coiler to allow us to go heavier in gauge. Although a relatively small project, $10 million or so, we want to be able to go after the projects in that sector that make sense for us. So it is always going to be good sector, we just do not want to be 20% dependent on it. So we never want to leave it, we just want to make sure we are providing the best products to that sector as possible.
Theresa Wagler: And the other division that we have leverage related to energy really is in the engineered bar division, and that is what Mark spoke about earlier about the optimism that we see there. And the other thing I just dont want to leave the call without talking about Columbus as far as a lever, its not just the diversification in customer base and product, which has been phenomenal. It is hard to describe the change from even 2015 to 2016 with Columbus, But they still have additional what I would say earnings capability, both regarded to the paint line and other products that they are developing there including in the automotive arena. But additionally, theres still some cost benefits that I think can be realized as well in 2017 and 2018. So Columbus is not a fully told story in my mind.
Jorge Beristain: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matthew Fields of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Fields: Hello, everyone. Congrats again on the nice year. I just wanted to ask you, and I apologize if I missed this earlier in the call. But one of your competitors thats been pretty active in the downstream space buying up some fabricators in their pipe and tube sector, would you consider looking at the space and maybe some of the either smaller or larger players that are available?
Mark Millett: I think we  I think it is better answered by  just saying we are obviously focused on growth, it remains our first priority from a cash allocation perspective. And we look at an array of opportunities.
Matthew Fields: When you say growth, is there one particular tilt that youre preferring whether it is upstream or downstream or anything like that?
Mark Millett: I think we  as we have said in the past, two principal areas of focus. One is, as I mentioned, pull-through volume, downstream opportunities that will allow us to support our own mills in times sort of down cycle. That is one specific focus. The second is obviously were still makers first and foremost in downstream, so a higher-margin value-add type products is another focus for us.
Matthew Fields: And is there sort of a size that youre focused on, or would you not be uncomfortable going to a $1 billion or $2 billion size acquisition?
Theresa Wagler: Matt, I think if you look at the capital structure today and you look at our net leverage and our credit metrics and the cash flow generation, we absolutely can do things that are sizable. But we can also do maybe several meaningful medium-sized transactions as well. So its really  we have got  were in a great spot to have optionality.
Matthew Fields: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: I think on behalf of the team here, Russ, Barry, Chris, Glenn, and Tricia, and Theresa, we would like to thank you for your time today and for your support. And as importantly to our customers, we will continue to try and provide the greater value to you as the years go on. And to our employees, again, a reminder, safety is absolutely paramount for us. Nothing is more important to us, and so be safe out there and thanks for all you do. So thank you, everyone
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - Investor Relations Manager Theresa Wagler - CFO & EVP Mark Millett - President, CEO Barry Schneider - SVP, Flat Roll Steel Group Christopher Graham - SVP, Downstream Manufacturing Group Russell Rinn - EVP of Metals Recycling; President and COO of OmniSource Corporation
Analysts: Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley Matthew Korn - Barclays Capital Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Alex Hacking - Citi Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, October 20, 2016, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Doug. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President; our Steel Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President Downstream Manufacturing Group, and our Steel Operations -- Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President Flat Roll Steel Group. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements about future events that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and we refer you to a more detailed form of this statement contained in the press release announcing this earnings call. These predictive statements speak only as of this date, October 20, 2016, and involve many risks and uncertainties related to our businesses and the environments in which they operate, any of which may cause actual results to turn out differently than anticipated. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports which we from time to time file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Super, thanks Tricia. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. I would appreciate you sharing your time with us today, and I hope everyone has enjoyed the summer. It seems hard to believe were already headed into the home stretch for 2016.  We recognize you all have a busy day today, so were going to keep our prepared remarks a little briefer than normal. But I do want to take a moment to welcome our newest team from Vulcan Threaded Products to SDI family. We completed the acquisition in August and integration is going very, very well. We're excited to have everyone aboard and look forward to growing our futures together.  I'd also like to thank the whole SDI team for an incredible job in producing an excellent quarter -- this past quarter. And I think when earnings season is complete it will show their effort has once again driven a best-in-class performance relative to our peers in the industry. So again, phenomenal job guys and girls.  But to begin this morning, I have Theresa to comment on the financial perspectives of our third quarter performance. 
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Excluding the litigation settlement charge of $4.6 million, third quarter 2016 net income was $160 million or $0.65 per diluted share. On an adjusted GAAP basis, net income was $157 million or $0.64 per diluted share, both within our guidance range of between $0.63 and $0.67.  On additional note: the Vulcan integration is going very well and the transaction was accretive to our third quarter results despite the $2 million non-cash purchase accounting charge.  Despite lower volumes across the operating platforms, third quarter 2016 revenues of $2.1 billion were slightly higher than sequential second quarter sales as realized flat roll prices increased over 20% and sequential long product pricing also improved, although to a much lesser extent.  Our third quarter 2016 gross margin was steady at 19% driven by the performance of our steel operations in an increasingly challenging environment. As a result, our operating income for the third quarter was $284 million compared to second quarter results of $256 million, an 11% improvement.  For the third quarter 2016, steel shipments decreased 9% to 2.3 million tons. Volumes declined across all divisions but most notably at our Columbus Flat Roll Division which was partially attributable to both a planned galvanized outage to install Galvalume equipment and to an unplanned maintenance outage in late September. Additionally, late in the quarter customers were hesitant to make purchases ahead of anticipated scrap price decreases.  Third quarter 2016 steel platform average selling values increased $100 per ton to $740, outpacing increased average scrap cost of $24 per ton. Improved steel mill spread more than offset lower shipments resulting in operating income from our steel operations of $311 million, a 13% improvement over sequential quarter results, another strong performance.  The operating environment for our mill recycling platform continues to be challenging. Third quarter 2016 platform operating income was $10 million compared to $15 million in the sequential second quarter. Lower domestic steel mill utilization resulted in decreased ferrous scrap demand and an 8% decline in shipments, although metal spread remained steady.  Ferrous shipments to our steel mills represented 62% of total metals recycling third quarter volume as we continued to effectively lever the strength of our vertically integrated business profile. Non-residential construction demand continues to be steady throughout much of the United States although the recent severe weather on the East Coast has slowed projects in that region. We continue to see strong quote and order entry activity as we head into the seasonally slower winter timeframe.  Third quarter 2016 fabrication shipments were consistent with the sequential second quarter. However as we suggested on last quarter's call, metals spread compressed as the inventory stream contained higher priced flat rolled steel which more than offset the 4% improvement in fabrication average selling values. As a result, third quarter 2016 operating income from our fabrication operations was $18 million, a decrease of $6 million when compared to the sequential second quarter.  During the third quarter we generated another strong cash flow from operations result of $196 million. For the first three months of 2016 we generated $643 million of cash from operations with very flat working capital levels. Our business model generates strong cash flows through varying market cycles based on the low highly variable cost structure of our operations and our diversified value-added product offerings.  We maintained a record liquidity of $2.2 billion at September 30, 2016, comprised of our undrawn revolver and available cash of $1.1 billion. Our third quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA was $359 million and trailing twelve months with over $1 billion resulting in net leverage of 1.5 times which is down considerably from 2.7 times at the end of 2015. Our credit profile continues to be solidly aligned with our preferred through cycle net leverage of less than 3 times with considerable room for growth, a testament to our disciplined approach to growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet.  Our debt maturity outlook continues to provide great optionality having no meaningful maturities until 2019 but in the interim periods having ample call provision flexibility. Looking forward we continue to believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the strength and flexibility to sustain current operations and support strategic growth, both organic and inorganic. We maintained our cash dividend in the quarter of $0.14 per common share. Our history of sustained and increasing cash dividend demonstrates the confidence that we and our board of directors have in the strength and consistency of our cash generation capability, financial position and optimism looking towards to the future. Based on this confidence, the board authorized up to a $450 million share repurchase program to complement our dividend and growth strategy as a vehicle to return additional capital to shareholders. This represents over 7% of our current market cap.  The strength of our balance sheet and cash flow generation capacity allows us the flexibility to initiate this program while maintaining our strong focus toward organic and inorganic strategic growth. We intend to not only use our existing cash and free cash flow to opportunistically repurchase our shares from time to time. The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on market conditions, share price and other shareholder value enhancing opportunities. Absent large strategic opportunities or a materially negative change in market conditions, we would anticipate possibly completing the program in the coming 18 to 24 months. This program in no way changes our focus for growth. It simply offers us another tool to consider when allocating capital to optimize value creation.  Thank you. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super, thanks Theresa. As in the past calls, I want to reiterate that the safety and welfare of our employees remains our number one priority. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe working environment. Our safety performance remains better than industry averages and we continue to work toward a zero incident environment at every location.  We've reduced our total recordable injury rate by 14% so far this year and 64% of our locations are incident free. We are on pace for another record year and my sincere thanks go to the entire SDI family for their dedication and continued focus on our most important priority.  The steel platform performed well in the third quarter in spite of lower shipments. The divisions, especially the flat roll group achieved meaningful metal spread expansion as increased average product pricing outpaced higher scrap costs. Additionally, due to our diversified value added product offerings, our third quarter steel production utilization was 85% compared to the domestic steel industry operating rate which decreased to about 69%, 70%.  2016 has certainly provided a changing landscape to the domestic steel market. Demand from the automotive and construction sectors remains positive. But demand relative to heavy equipment, agriculture and energy while not deteriorating further is still anemic. Specific to flat roll, year-over-year imports have declined while customer inventory remains lower than historical levels. Longer demand outlook is relatively unchanged but late in the third quarter customers were hesitant to make purchases ahead of expected scrap price declines. And as a result, steel shipments were lower than anticipated, especially for hot rolled coil. Despite this, our flat roll production utilization rate was at 97% as the Butler flat roll division continued to operate above estimated production capacity.  Conversely, third quarter 2016 production utilization for our long products group declined 66% with engineered bar being the most challenged. Even though our SBQ expansion into smaller diameter bars has significantly helped utilization this year, because this size is generally tied to the automotive sector which has been strong, operating rates are still far less than we would like. The competitive landscape for engineered bar, structural steel and merchant shapes remains extremely aggressive.  Part of the investment thesis for the Vulcan acquisition is the potential volume improvement opportunity that brings to our engineered bar division. Historically Vulcan has purchased nearly 20,000 tons of steel bars from us annually. Based on our actual current production capabilities we can actually supply up to 50,000 tons to Vulcan which is under 10% of our engineered bar divisions 2015 shipments. Vulcan purchases special bar quality steel products for the manufacture and sale of higher margin threaded steel rod, cold finished bar and heat treated bar. Integration is progressing smoothly and there are opportunities for further synergies between the two divisions heading into 2017. At Columbus, the successful market and product diversification that has been achieved over the last eighteen months is one of the key differentiators for the improved profitability that we are realizing this year. Columbus has been producing at historically record rates and continues to increase the value added product capabilities. The paint line division is on budget and on schedule with expectations for painted product shipments to begin in the first quarter of 2017.  The $100 million investment will provide 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and further diversification into higher margin products for Columbus. We have two existing paint lines in Indiana. But this new line allows for high quality double wide steel and access to the southern U.S. and Mexican markets. We plan to sell surface-critical appliance-grade steel as well as construction related products.  I want to congratulate the Columbus team on already successfully installing the Galvalume coating equipment and shipping their first value add Galvalume coils in August. However the required downtime associated with this addition resulted in about 25,000 tons of lost shipments in the quarter. Our steel platform also continues to benefit from other organic growth investments, such as our premium rail and SBQ expansion as well as the $22 million investment for an additional 600,000 tons of annual flat roll pickling capability at our Butler flat roll division that started in January of this year. The addition increases value add sales while the de-emphasizing commodity grade hot rolled. More recently we also approved a $15 million investment to increase annual galvanizing productivity by as much as 180,000 tons at the Butler division. We anticipate completion of the project in the second quarter of 2017. We also plan to invest $28 million at our Roanoke bar division to utilize excess melting and casting capability by adding equipment that will allow you for multistrand threading and finishing the rebar. With a highly competitive cost structure we expect to grow strong market penetration in this product with conflict free supply to independent rebar fabricators. Operations are expected to begin 2018.  The team is still working on a solution to utilize the excess melting and casting capacity at the structural rail division of about 450,000 to 500,000 tons. We anticipate announcing a project early next year.  The profitability of our metals recycling platform declined in the quarter, even though scrap metal spreads were relatively stable, as reduced domestic steel mill utilization resulted in weaker demand. The recycling environment remains challenging. Many regional players in the industry are either for sale or headed into insolvency. And as such the number of active shredders has declined which should benefit the industry in the years ahead. Looking forward we expect the pricing environment to continue to stabilize. We will likely see some price support through the rest of the year as we move into a period of seasonally lower obsolete scrap flows. We saw this dynamic when Octobers pricing was down about $30 for prime grades but down only $10 to $20 for obsolete grades. With the expectation of a continued strong US dollar and a relatively low scrap export level, we anticipate ample scrap supply and don't see likely drivers for significant increases in ferrous scrap prices in the months ahead. The fabrication platform continues their ongoing historically strong performance. Since our acquisition of additional deck assets in September of 2015 we have gained considerable market share for deck achieving approximately 30% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to only 24% in the same timeframe last year. Additionally, the acquisition provides an opportunity for steel supply options for our Columbus flat roll division. Over the last three years the acquired assets averaged 60,000 tons of annual flat roll steel purchases, predominantly from our competitors and predominantly a galvanized product. With sourcing a substantial amount of the steel now from Columbus which have us further shift Columbus product mix and increase mill utilization, the power of pull-through volume was certainly helpful in the last year's steel market environment. Our fabrication operations which is just over 300,000 tons of steel from our steel mills in 2015 and we have already purchased over $245,000 tons this year. The new millennium team continues to perform well, levering our national footprint, the strength those business provides positive insight into the continued strength the non-residential construction activity. We continue to see steady order activity and anticipate lower fourth quarter volumes due to seasonality.  Relative to the macro environment the steel consuming sectors that were weak in 2015 and into the first half of 16 such as energy, heavy equipment and agriculture remains so but are not deteriorating further. And those sectors that are in strong or recovering are continuing in this path such as automotive and construction. Reduced imports, idling of domestic capacity and relatively higher global pricing coupled with steady demand and rebalanced supply chain inventory have created a year-over-year improved environment for flat roll products. Just recently there certainly has been some mixed signals within the flat roll arena, especially related to hot rolled. Hot rolled selling values have seen significant downward pressure. Additionally we are heading into a seasonally lower demand environment with customers headed into significantly increasing inventories before the end of the year. Due to these factors we anticipate lower sequential volumes in our operating platforms which is a seasonally typical for the calendar fourth quarter coupled with sequentially weaker realized fuel pricing. We have a constructive view on directional 2017 steel consumption. Domestic automotive production may be coming off record levels but we believe total 2017 NAFTA automotive steel consumption will be steady as Mexico grows production, which is complementary to the strategy of our Columbus flat roll division. We believe there will be additional growth in the construction sector especially for the larger public sector infrastructure projects which will greatly benefit our long products group. We can also see some improved activity on the slides within the energy sector next year. Going forward well also continue to focus on adding value products to our portfolio that helped insulate ourselves from imports and create long lasting customers partnerships. Through broad product diversification to manufacturing value added products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ and along the line trail were able to maintain higher steel mill utilization rates than our peers. Our business build model will continue to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and the execution of a long term strategy. We also have additional company specific innings catalysts and are well positioned for growth. Customer focus coupled with our market diversification and low cost operating platforms will support her ability to maintain our best in class industry performance.  In addition to the value creation there are ripe for strategic growth and growth will clearly remain our first focus. We are pleased that our board authorized a new share repurchase program based on our strong balance sheet and can see in free cash flow generation. This authorization, I believe, underscores the confidence management and the board have in our strategy and our ability to continue to invest in our business and drive long term profitability while returning capital to shareholders.  The foundation of our success is undoubtedly the strong character and determination of our employees which I believe are unmatched in our industry. They are phenomenal group and I'm proud to stand with them. We look forward to creating new opportunities for them along with our customers and our shareholders in the months and years ahead.  So again sincerely thank you for your time today and Doug would please open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley. 
Evan Kurtz : So my one question will be on your internal growth strategy, so it sounds like you're headed for kind of the low 300,000 level on shipments to your own downstream. I am just trying to get a sense of what inning were in here. If you kind of look out five years or so what do you think that number will be? Are there lot of opportunities out there for reasonably priced downstream operations that can kind of feed off of maybe Pittsboro or Columbia City? 
Mark Millett: Evan, I believe there are numerous options. We've actually had a very very very busy summer reviewing those options. We're very very disciplined though, we want to make sure that any opportunity conforms to our culture, conforms to the fact that we can bring that culture to leverage better performance, making sure that there is diversification and making sure that it really differentiates ourselves or were going into business businesses where we differentiate ourselves from who of that competitor might be. I would say in general, and there's no algorithm or formula. But as a gut feel were aiming for roughly 20% of our total capabilities, so thats probably a couple million tons. The new millennium billing systems, they pushed about 600,000 tons of product in total. If we wanted to, they could have bought a lot more this past year. But as you know in the second and third quarters, our steel mills have better options to the sell that product at higher margin. To others, while new millennium, they were to take advantage of lower sort of commodity prices that some of our competition were offering. So I think the model is a very valid one. Because again as steel pricing did come down this year, the lowest new millennium raw material input cost and their earnings, so having that pull-through volume allows us to head through the market, insulate us a little bit from -- help mitigate a little bit the cyclicality of our business. And it will be a focus for us going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays Bank. 
Matthew Korn : Good morning everybody. So let me ask, last quarter you mentioned the expectation that your  that some long product buyers in looking at the increase in scrap that was pending actually pulled forward a little demand into the second quarter. And that was going to lead into third quarter a little bit of a decline in shipments. Question for you as you think whether or not in the sheet business, you had some of the similar effect now in hindsight where buyers try to get ahead of the price hikes and there right now some of the demand softness is due to the fact that they're sitting fairly ample inventory wise.
Mark Millett: Not quite. I think the sheet buyers anticipated further price erosion and I've been sitting on the sidelines of over the last couple months, probably two or three months for that matter. But I do think that we are approaching an inflection point for sure. So the kind of the slight dampening of demand that this suggests I think is principally seasonal. There is obviously a lot of noise out there as to the marketplace and there are some markets that are off. But I would tell you we are strong believers that there are no -- that there is not a structural change in demand, its principally seasonal. And that were going through the similar cycles we saw last year -- the fourth quarter of last year was pretty well paralleled what were seeing today. And that the volatility is driven more by I think procurement decisions, by inventory positioning than any structural change in demand.
Matthew Korn : Thats very helpful. Let me follow on that then. Youve got inventories that are fairly light, got lead times that are short and you got current price that doesnt really track a lot in the way of imports. Do you think that we're potentially coiled for a pretty sharp rebound in pricing once the buying activity does return and would you think maybe that returning comes more into the new calendar year?
Mark Millett: I think were certainly at the bottom of the marketplace. And I think there's an inflection point around the corner and whether that is next week or whether it's a month or two, your guess is as good as mine. I would tell you that -- I don't know whether one week makes a market but the order activity and the inquiry activity just in the last week we're going to have is considerable compared to the last two or three months for sure. But if you look at the probability of price direction and an inflection point, there are several -- several factors that in my mind would suggest that the pricing is going to be moving up. The import arbitrage has certainly reversed itself. Import pricing today is very very unattractive. Hot rolled coil Q1 offers are probably 4.60 to 4.80 today, give or take a little bit on a delivered basis. The import light gauge coated products, the spread to domestic product was I think peaked right to 180 bucks, the standard to $100 today it would strengthen Asian market. And customers are starting to see that import deliveries now from the smaller countries where both have to pick up coils from different ports and deliver them to different ports, there is a certain unreliability there that, thats creeping in. But there's no doubt that the import scenario is changing dramatically. And I think Russ would tell you that scrap prices has as likely reached the floor. So that's the eliminating that resistance to ordering steel due to any anticipation of falling scrap prices so that's beyond us. And I think scrap is somewhat at parity and with the Chinese billet conversion for Turkey. So that's probably going forward kind of a flat up a little type pricing environment and so there's no incentive for folks that hold off or in today from the raw material perspective. As you said supply side inventories are at very low levels and some may look at the fact well it's on a shipment rate basis two point four two point five months when I set a pretty low shipment basis. When the tide turns that suddenly is a very tight position for the rich folks to the end.  And then the raw material cost structure of the integrated mills, coke has gone orbital, doubled or more than double in the last few months. That's putting pressure -- pricing pressure on the integrated mills. Again three cases are going to remain in effect and limited in the import levels as well. And one other kind of side note, the speculators that tend to take large positions and they're the ones that tend to draw all the market pricing down in a trough like period that we're in today. Most of those folks have taken those positions. And so I think the pressure is off. So you have a model multifaceted kind premise that were nearing an inflection point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alessandro Abate with Joh. Berenberg. 
Alessandro Abate : Good morning, Mark and Theresa. My question is related to Columbus. Its a kind of double question because you mentioned you might be seeing some recovery in the energy segments. So I was wondering considering the exposure of Columbus to the energy market, in terms of a potential upside on margin what are you going to be able to quantify in terms of expectation? And the second one of course is a follow up, considering the significant investment in the money [ph] market in Mexico, I was wondering whether you were planning a potential step into the market and think kind of activity light, for example, your competitors are doing at the moment? Thank you much. 
Mark Millett: Well, I think from a energy recovery perspective I'm not sure that we are doing cartwheels that the volumes are going to be dramatically higher in the first half of 2017. I think energy prices are up which is supporting a little more activity on the rig side, OCTG inventories are drawn down. I think there's still four five six months, so its still pretty considerable. But it is a I think an indication that the energy market is certainly bottomed, there's some glimmer of activity there. I think even in our engineered bar products division those folks are seeing a couple of pockets of order activity. So it's just going to be I think a slow but sort of positive momentum. Barry, would you agree with that?
Barry Schneider: Absolutely, agree and I would add that in some cases we're developing more products to service that market at Columbus. So some of it is just being able to make newer products that are being asked for. 
Mark Millett: And then to your second question on Mexico. Obviously that is an incredibly -- well it's boom time for steel. And a couple weeks ago I spent some time down there and even though you read about it and you hear about it and you study it, the growth there is it's unimaginable. And it's also -- well most of it is steel consumer. We're in an incredibly good position with the Columbus acquisition, those folks from the KCS line. So they have a direct access down through the spine of Mexico, from Monroe, some fuel, and I can't pronounce these names San Luis Potosi --But nonetheless we have a great great logistics avenue to penetrate that market.  The recycling platform actually has been developing quite well down there and we have about 240 million to 250,000 tons of material that were responsible for sort of processing and distributing and selling to the U.S. Automotive companies, Ford Chrysler, the stampers as they move down. They want us to continue to use to service them in that environment because we are a sort of a public company, someone they know and that they trust, so that business has developed quite well. On the steel side, I think Barry, we're going to sell 180,000, 200,000 tons of product into Mexico this year. Our aim is to move that up to somewhere between 400,000 to 500,000 tons. The advent of our pain line coming online in the first quarter will certainly help and facilitate that bombing. But we're well on a way there or already.
Christopher Graham: I was just going to add, because I had some earlier calls but Columbus but fair and entertainment, and they have done to change that. I think the word exposure to energy is maybe a misnomer these days. We have an opportunity as energy recovers to leverage our capabilities but we are by no means dependent on that as the diversification has happened over last year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets. 
David Gagliano : Hi, I just had a quick question regarding the near term outlook. We did get some results out of one of the I think the biggest service center this morning and I believe they're guiding shipments down, close to 6% to 7%. And I am wondering if that's consistent with what you're seeing with regard to your order books on a short term basis in terms of order of magnitude and is that a reasonable range to assume on volumes for you for fourth quarter? Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: David, we tend to try not to give expectations even near term going out. We did mention the fact that we are expecting lower volumes actually across the platforms as well, primarily because of seasonality. And so yeah, well see a reduction, I'm not sure that it will be in the same magnitude but it will be meaningful probably compared to third quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi. 
Alex Hacking : Thanks, Mark and Theresa and good morning. You mentioned on the call that you have some confidence in demand for infrastructure steel next year coming from large public sector projects. Could you elaborate a little bit on what indications or data is giving you that confidence? Thanks.
Theresa Wagler: I would just comment, part of the optimism is coming from the advent of the highway bill and conversations, that if youve paid attention to some of the states that actually committed significant dollars to these infrastructure type projects. However given the election year it's really not dependent upon who may win the election but it's just trying to understand which administration will be in place. And so there has been some pullback and the expectation is that that construction will start in 2017. So we believe that there could be some pent-up type of construction projects available coming into the first half of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Loop Capital Markets. 
Brett Levy : As you  thanks for taking my question, Mark and Theresa. As you guys look to continue to be a growth stock and grow through either organic or acquisitions, I'm just wondering where do you look next? I mean I think most of the big things are either bought or controlled by somebody else. You might look at Mexico, you might look at other things like Vulcan further downstream or the paint line. But you know as your EBITDA to interest or adjusted EBITDA to interest is now over 10 times. And you're looking at some call dates coming up, is it possible youll look to the investment grade? So I guess its a two part question. One is what areas do you look to buy geographically and business sector wise and then also sort of the potential move to investment grade. You're very close already now.
Mark Millett: As you said were very focused on downstream value added type opportunities that would perhaps have higher margin or better quality margin as Id like to call it and gain that pull-through volume. And I think there remains -- we've looked at a lot of them this summer and discounted them. Again I think weve hopefully demonstrated that our acquisition and inorganic growth strategy is very disciplined. Were not going to be emotional and outbid someone just to get it and pay an exorbitant number. Nor are we going to grow just for growth sake. We're going to be very very very patient.  Relative to investment grade I would suggest that we will eventually get there. We're not looking to sort of engineer that in the near term. 
Theresa Wagler: Brett, I would just add from IG comment is that if you look at where our notes are trading today were basically only about maybe 15 to 20 basis points wide of investment grade, until we would like to retain the flexibility and optionality that being in the position we're in today affords us for growth. And then to Mark's point eventually well just get to IG on our own but for right now I think we're well positioned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth from Credit Suisse. 
Curt Woodworth : Hi good morning. Mark and Theresa, I had a question just more technically looking at your conversion cost performance in the mill segment this quarter. I mean I understand that sequentially you would see unit level cost increase and a lower volume. The way we derive the total conversion just by taking total COGS less the implied scrap buy, it looked like the aggregate amount of spend was up about 8% sequentially. Yet your volumes were down 9% which is pretty rare looking back historically to see that type of divergence. I am just curious, what drove that, was that energy, the cost of share and can you give any sort of color on how you see conversion costs trending into the fourth quarter? 
Barry Schneider: From the flat roll side of the business, the Columbus operations went through a pretty significant regular maintenance outage in the third quarter. So the additional costs you see in conversion have to do with some of that  some of the bigger jobs that we took the opportunity to get behind us. They all went well but some of those jobs are expensive. So that's the Columbus side of the business. 
Theresa Wagler: And I would say heading into the fourth quarter it really will depend upon obviously volumes but I think from a one-off perspective we wont have more significant items such as the Columbus outage.
Barry Schneider: Absolutely. We do have an outage that we did fourth quarter here in Butler but less costly overall than what we saw at Columbus.
Curt Woodworth : Can you quantify the impact of the Columbus outage? 
Theresa Wagler: We really cant. I apologize but I just dont have that information available right at my hands. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Timna Tanners : Good morning everyone. So wouldnt  maybe I heard wrong on the comments regarding scrap in the introductory statements there, Mark. But I understand the inflection point on steel and I thought that was quite interesting. But then I thought I heard you say that you didn't see a lot of catalyst for scrap. So can you elaborate on or clarify that position on scrap please? 
Mark Millett: I already stated my piece. Russ, why don't you weigh in with your in the trenches knowledge.
Russell Rinn: Well I think, weve seen based on a strong dollar, low mill utilization rates that scrape has fallen in the last three months, we believe is at a bottom and it should flatten out. I think still youve got to get the utilization rates to come up. We have seen some activity in export market starting to pick up a little bit which further tells me we reached a bottom point, inflection point on the scrap, that also combined with the fact that you've got potentially winter weather which slows the flows down coming in front of us. So we believe were at the bottom on the scrap side, not necessarily anticipating a significant move in the upward pressure but again we also don't see that there's much downside push either. 
Timna Tanners : And then I wanted to ask a little bit more about the exposure to infrastructure of those services of long products, I always understood that its more 15% not as a rail [ph]. So if you could elaborate on your exposure by long product as a percentage and the percent of your overall product mix?
Mark Millett: Timna, you were going in and out, I dont think we had a clear 
Timna Tanners : Sorry about that. So real quick on the exposure to infrastructure, can you provide some sort of gauge of how much you have relative to your overall long products or how much infrastructure exposure you have within your mix?
Mark Millett: We had probably around million a half tons or so, maybe 2 million tons of what Id consider latent capacity or that we just haven't had a market to totally exploit. And most of that is correlated to construction. 
Timna Tanners : Okay. That would be beams mostly or also some of your sheet, is that what youre referring to?
Mark Millett: That is principally beams, merchant shapes from Roanoke as well. Obviously some of it would be a little bit would be from engineered bar products, but not too much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Phil Gibbs : Got a couple of easy ones and then Ill pop right off. One for Theresa just on the sheet mix in the quarter and then two from Mark, the galvanized investment in Butler, I believe you said 180,000 tons. Just what -- question basically on that is what are you trying to accomplish, how do you do it and what what's the timeline? 
Mark Millett: The timeline galvanic expansion is -- 
Barry Schneider: The equipments all been ordered, the products that we sell on the line for the most part we have a great mix of products that are developed. So as we get closer to implementing the  be through second quarter next year when most of the equipments actually being installed. It's also going to allow us to do a lot more housekeeping between the two galvanizing lines at Butler as to what products we specifically run on which line. So for us we do see the ability to add some new customer base there. But were really exploring what we want to grow with our existing customer base.
Theresa Wagler: I think that will come online in the second half of 2017. 
Barry Schneider: Second half -- mostly the equipment construction and installation will be first half, mostly second quarter and then third, fourth quarter, we'll start seeing those improved production numbers. 
Theresa Wagler: And if you think about it, that was a $15 million investment, its a very cost effective. And then you wanted the volume, so hot rolled and P&O for the quarter was 770,000 tons, cold rolled was 163,000 tons and coated products were 688,000 tons. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank.
Jorge Beristain : Hi, Mark and Theresa. Mark, I'll help you out with Queretaro in terms of pronunciation. I wanted to just dive more deeply, maybe going back to the met coal situation and just trying to understand, obviously you said it's gone orbital. Our back of the envelope numbers indicate it could be as bad as $100 per ton cost increase to the integrated. So I'm trying to understand if you're concerned that perhaps the integrateds at the margin shift more of their blast furnace mix to scrap and therefore put more upward pressure on scrap prices, or are you more bullish overall that you think that the higher cost base that the integrated will face just means it's setting a new bottom for HRC?
Mark Millett: I think the latter. I don't think that the increase in scrap consumption by integrateds is going to make a meaningful impact on the price or the supply demand balance. And so pricing there really is driven more by exports than anything over the last few years and as Russ articulated, we don't see that changing much from the last few months. So not too much pressure there. I think it really does pressure the cost structure of the integrateds. You certainly see the Asian pricing, Chinese pricing going up I think largely because of the increase in coal costs. And I think it sets sort of a nice environment in the US that at some point they're going to have to compensate for that and increase their pricing. So to your last point, yes, I think it's supportive of hot rolled coil. 
Jorge Beristain : Okay. So it sounds like in 2017 you'd be setting yourselves up for a pretty good environment with flattish scrap, if you believe the integrateds will not pressure demand there, and on the flip side potentially higher HRC for all the reasons you outlined earlier?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Jorge Beristain : And then on your steel ops, just to dig a bit more deeply on that quarter-over-quarter cost increase, your unit costs were up $71 a ton sequentially. We only saw a $24 per ton sequential increase in scrap. So can we attribute the bulk of that $50 per ton differential to the Columbus regular maintenance outage, or was there anything else in that number? Because you did talk -- I think Theresa mentioned about a normalization and not having that one off again in the fourth quarter. So we just want to understand how much of that was really driven by Columbus.
Theresa Wagler: No, I wouldn't suggest that all of that is, because you did have a significant reduction in volume, so 9% reduction in volume does have an impact on conversion costs. So I can't really tell you how much of that was related to Columbus off, I don't have those numbers but it certainly wasn't all of it. 
Jorge Beristain : But as we look at the  
Barry Schneider: I would say there's also a Columbus  we acquired scrapyards in the region and right now we are doing quite a bit of housekeeping in those yards to bring those up to where we want them to be. So it's not capital investment right now at this point but we've been bringing those costs in and not exactly seeing the volumes to offset those yet because we're more interested in making sure that the infrastructure there, the process of bringing scrap to the yards, so we're spending more money on those scrap businesses right now that will be offset in the future but it's not really a structural change, its just a new cost for Columbus, thats some of the additional costs weve seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie. 
Aldo Mazzaferro : Hi, good morning. I wonder if we could just chat a little bit about  thanks, yeah. Very good. I was wondering if we could chat a little bit about the average selling price you guys had in the quarter. It surprised me in the upside and the metal spreads were wider. And compared to the index, you seem to be catching up. So I'm wondering if you were to say our prices were strong in the third quarter because reasons one, two, three, how would you rank the reasons being if you looked at it between mix, the fact that the mix improved, or the fact that maybe you sold more steel in the early part of the quarter before prices came down a little bit? I'm just trying to get a feel for let's say prices fall in the fourth quarter by $100 a ton, what do you think your prices might do under a scenario like that for flat roll I'm talking?
Mark Millett: Good try on the end there, Aldo. But those compound questions are tough to handle. The pricing environment I would say is principally product mix and also we have on the sheet side of the business a reasonable amount of indexed contract which lags and so that helps support our price in a downward price environment. 
Aldo Mazzaferro : Have you got time for one more, Mark?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Aldo Mazzaferro : On the stock buyback, you said it depends on market conditions and you're thinking maybe 18 to 24 months. Is that the outside amount of time that you would expect? I'm surprised you're not looking to do it quicker.
Mark Millett: Well lets simply say that we feel that our share prices is dramatically undervalued right now. And I'll just leave it at that. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. This does conclude our question and answer session. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: For anyone on the call again thanks for sharing your time with us. Were fully focused on yourselves, were fully focused on our employees and fully focused on our customer base and other constituents. And I just would like to thank everyone for their support of our company and to the employees that may be on the line guys and girls, absolutely phenomenal job this past quarter and for everything you do for us. You do set us apart. We are best in class and well continue to be so. And just be safe in everything you do. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Barry Schneider - Senior Vice President-Flat Roll Steel Group Christopher Graham - Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation
Analysts: Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 19, 2016, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics' second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and myself. We're also joined by Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President of our Metals Recycling; Chris Graham, Senior Vice President of Fabrication and Manufacturing; Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President of Long Products Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President of Flat Roll Steel Group. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements about future events that by their nature are predictive. They're intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955 (sic) [1995] (01:19). We refer you to a more detailed form of this statement contained in the press release announcing this earnings call. These predicted statements speak only as of this day, July 19, 2016, and involve many risks and uncertainties related to our business and the environments in which we operate, any of which may cause actual results to turn out differently than anticipated. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports which we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I hope and trust you are all enjoying the summer, and I'm going to have safe summer with that. It seems difficult to believe that we are already halfway through 2016. I guess time flies when you're having a lot of fun. But thankfully, we have a notably improved profile compared to last year. To begin this morning, I would ask Theresa to comment on our second quarter financial performance.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you. With a continued challenging global steel industry environment, the teams achieved strong operational and financial results. For the second quarter 2016, our net income was $142 million or $0.58 per diluted share, slightly above our guidance of between $0.53 per share and $0.57 per share, really based on the strengths from the Flat Roll Group. These results are over double those of sequential and prior year quarters. Sequential first quarter net income was $63 million or $0.26 per diluted share and prior-year second quarter adjusted net income was $53 million or $0.22 per diluted, which excludes expenses primarily associated with idling our Minnesota operations. Second quarter 2016 revenues were $2 billion, a 16% improvement over the sequential first quarter based on both increased shipments and product pricing from our steel operations. Our second quarter 2016 gross margin as a percentage of sales increased to 19%, driven by the improved performance at our steel operations, most specifically from our Flat Roll Group. This represents a significant improvement of our near-term history, including first quarter 2016 performance of 14%. As a result, our operating income for the second quarter was $256 million, compared to first quarter results of $132 million, a 94% improvement. For the second quarter, steel shipments increased 9% to 2.5 million tons, as volumes improved across all divisions except in special bar quality products. The SBQ market continues to be challenged by weak demand dynamics. Conversely, domestic flat roll steel utilization is strong, as imports have declined and customer inventory levels are better balanced with actual demand. Even though second quarter platform utilization was 95%, it's a bit misleading as the Flat Roll Group produced over the theoretical quarterly capacity, offsetting lower utilization at the structural and engineered bar divisions, which operated at 82% and 53% respectively. Second quarter 2016 steel platform average selling prices increased $67 (sic) [$66] (04:41) per ton to $640, outpacing increased average scrap cost [ph] at $74 (04:47) per ton. Increased metal spread and continuing improvement in volume resulted in our second consecutive quarter of significantly higher profitability generated by the steel platform. Operating income was $276 million, just over double first quarter results. Our Flat Roll Group continued to drive this performance with a 159% increase in group operating income based on an 8% increase in shipments coupled with meaningful metal spread expansion. While our metals recycling platform continues to operate in an extremely challenging environment, the team was able to achieve significantly improved profitability, recording $15 million of operating income versus $6 million in the sequential first quarter. Increased domestic steel mill utilization resulted in improved recycling demand and pricing. Second quarter 2000 (sic) [2016] (05:38) shipments increased 3% and ferrous metal spread increased 30% compared to the sequential quarter. Additionally, internal ferrous shipments represented 60% of OmniSource's second quarter volume, effectively levering the strength of our vertically integrated business profile. Non-residential construction demand was steady throughout much of the United States, but negatively affected by inclement weather in the Southwest, resulting in a slight decrease in our second quarter fabrication shipments, but order entry and coating activity remained strong. As we suggested on the first quarter call, fabrication experienced metal spread compression, as higher steel prices increased raw material costs, while product pricing modestly declined. As a result, second quarter 2016 operating income from our fabrication operations was $24 million, a decrease of $8 million when compared to the first quarter. Although we anticipate stronger fabrication volumes, we accept to see additional metal spread compression in the third quarter, as higher price flat roll steel inventories flow through the system. During the second quarter 2016, we generated cash flow from operations of $158 million, as working capital used $136 million in the quarter due to increased sales. For the first half of 2016, we generated $447 million. First half 2016 capital investments totaled $63 million. We currently estimate full-year 2016 capital expenditures to be in a range of $225 million, obviously weighted to the second half of the year. And this includes the paint line addition at our Columbus Flat Roll Division, which is still expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2017. We maintained our cash dividend in the second quarter at $0.14 per common share. Our history of sustained and increasing cash dividends demonstrates the confidence that we and our directors have in the strength and consistency of our cash flow generation capability. As demonstrated through the years, our business model generates strong cash flow through varying market cycles based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations and our diversified value-added product offerings. We achieved record liquidity of over $2.2 billion at June 30, 2016, comprised of our undrawn revolver and available cash of $1.1 billion. During the second quarter, total debt remained flat while net debt decreased $82 million to $1.5 billion. Our second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA was $340 million and trailing 12-month EBITDA $903 million, resulting in net leverage of 1.7 times, down from 2.7 times at the end of the year. Our credit profile continues to be solidly aligned with our preferred due cycle net leverage of less than three times. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook continues to provide great optionality, having no meaningful maturities until 2019, but in the interim periods having provision call flexibility. Looking forward, we continue to believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the strength and flexibility to not only sustain current operations, but to support additional strategic growth. Mark?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Theresa. Some may think it redundant, but I want to reiterate on each call that safety and welfare of our employees remains our number one value. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains better than industry averages, but our goal is to have a zero incident environment. We've reduced our total recordable injury rate in the first half of 2016 by a further 15% when compared to last year's full-year results. The team continues to do a phenomenal job, and we're on track for another record performance this year, but everyone must remain focused. My sincere thanks go to the entire SDI team for their dedication to our most important priority. The steel platform performed well in the second quarter. 2016 has certainly provided a changing landscape to the domestic flat roll market. Several positive macro shifts have resulted in significantly improved flat roll product pricing. Year-over-year, first half flat roll steel import levels have declined and customer inventory levels are better aligned to actual consumption, all supporting higher domestic sheet mill utilization. While demand has remained steady, these supply side drivers have led to much improved market dynamics. Our flat roll steel mills operated at full capacity during the second quarter, supported by the automotive and construction sectors. Although conversely, even though sequential long products steel shipments improved 14%, they operated at about 75% of their full production capability, with engineered bar being the most challenged. So, for the steel platform as a whole, our production utilization rate for the second quarter of 2016 increased to 95% compared to the overall domestic steel industry that's been operating at around 74%. Despite a significant increase in second quarter scrap costs, our overall average steel metal spread improved, as average product pricing outpaced the increased costs. However, as a subgroup, our combined long product divisions actually experienced flat pricing and metal spread compression in the second quarter. Although overall construction continues to improve, the competitive landscape for structural steel, merchant sheets, and engineered bar is extremely aggressive. The robust increase in second quarter 2016 long product group shipments was due to the customers buying ahead of the significant scrap increase in April and in May. While we anticipate third quarter of 2016 metal spread expansion for the long products group, the buy-ahead customer activity will likely result in slightly reduced related shipments. Part of the investment thesis from our recently announced $126 million planned acquisition of Vulcan Threaded Products is the potential volume improvement for our Engineered Special Bar Products division that could result as being a supplier to Vulcan. Historically, Vulcan has purchased nearly 20,000 tons of steel from SDI. But based on our production capabilities, this could increase to as much as 30,000 tons to 50,000 tons, just under 10% of our Engineered Bar division's 2015 shipments. Vulcan purchases special bar quality steel products for the manufacture and sale of higher-margin threaded steel rod, cold-finished bar, and heat-treated bar. We're excited to soon welcome the Vulcan employees to the SDI family. Vulcan has a great reputation in the industry for supplying high-quality products with excellent customer service. We have recently received the required regulatory approvals for the deal and hope to close the transaction shortly. At Columbus, the successful market and product diversification that we achieved during 2015 is one of the key differentiators for the improved profitability that we are realizing this year. As an example, Columbus achieved record six months production stats in the first half of 2016 and continues to increase their value-added product capabilities. The new paint line project is on budget and on schedule, with expectations for painted product shipments to begin in the first quarter of 2017. The total $100 million investment will provide 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and further diversification into higher-margin products for Columbus. We already have two paint lines and a Galvalume capability in Indiana. And this new project allows for higher-quality, double-wide steel and access to the southern markets, including Mexico. We plan to sell surface-critical, appliance-grade steel as well as construction-related products from this line. As a part of the project, this month, we're installing equipment in one of the Columbus' galvanizing lines to allow them to sell value-added Galvalume products into the construction sector. We anticipate the installation and resulting disruption to result in about $5 million of lost earnings in the third quarter 2016. Our steel platform also continues to benefit from other organic growth investments, some of which began contributing in 2015 but should continue to increase momentum in 2016. The $26 million investment in premium rail is continuing to improve the ratio of premium to standard rail shipments. The $96 million investment in engineered special bar quality diversification and capacity expansion generally are geared toward automotive industry. This diversification has already facilitated increased mill utilization and cost compression during the ongoing weak heavy equipment and energy demand environment. Finally, the $22 million investment for an additional 600,000 tons of annual flat roll pickling capability at our Butler Flat Roll division, which will increase value-added sales while deemphasizing commodity-grade hot roll. The team began operating the line in January and has already achieved 75% utilization. The continued increase in domestic steel mill utilization is also benefiting our metals recycling platform. The team was able to achieve meaningful improvement in profitability for the second consecutive quarter. The recycling environment remains challenging. Many regional players in the industry are either for sale or headed into insolvency. As such, the number of active shredders has declined, which should benefit the industry in the years ahead. Earlier this year, the rapid and significant increase in flat roll steel mill utilization and product pricing during a period of low obsolete scrap flows resulted in significant ferrous scrap price increases. April pricing increased about $50 per ton followed by another increase in May of about $20 per ton to $30 per ton. But looking forward, we expect the pricing environment to decrease somewhat and stabilize, as the rush to regain mill inventories subsides and obsolete scrap flows, perhaps, improve. We saw this occur as June and July's price trend was basically unchanged for prime grades, but then $10 per ton to $20 per ton for obsolete grades. Combined with the expectation of a continued relative strong U.S. dollar and relatively low scrap exports, we anticipate ample scrap supply and don't see likely drivers for significant increases in ferrous scrap prices. The fabrication platform continues their ongoing strong performance. Since our acquisition of additional deck assets in September 2015, we've gained considerable market share for deck, achieving 31% for the first half of 2016, compared to only 24% in the same timeframe last year. Additionally, the acquisition provides an opportunity for steel supply options from our Columbus Flat Roll division. Over the last three years, the acquired assets averaged over 60,000 tons of annual flat roll steel purchases, predominantly galvanized and predominantly from our competitors. We plan to source a substantial amount of the steel from Columbus, which will help further shift Columbus' product mix and increase mill utilization during weak demand environment. The power of pull-through volume was certainly helpful in last year's steel environment. Our fabrication operations purchased just over 300,000 tons of steel from our steel operations in 2015 and has already purchased over 160,000 tons in 2016. The New Millennium team continues to perform extremely well, levering our national footprint to gain market share. The strength of this business provides positive insight into the continued growth of non-residential construction activity. We continue to see strong ore activity and expect increasing volumes. But the increased cost of flat roll steel, which benefits our $7 million ton capacity Flat Roll Group, will result in further margin compression for our fabrication operations in the third quarter. This natural hedge continues to benefit the overall company. Relative to the macro environment, the steel-consuming sectors that were weak in 2015 such as energy, heavy equipment, and agriculture will likely remain so in 2016. However, those that have been strong or recovering are expected to continue this path, such as automotive and construction. 2016 forecast for these two largest domestic steel-consuming sectors remains positive. Automotive has continued forecasting strength. And overall, construction spending continues to improve with additional forecasted growth in 2016. SDI is growing exposure to both of these sectors through our Columbus Flat Roll division, additional Long Products production capability, and growing fabrication operations. Driven by the strength of the U.S. dollar, low iron ore costs and global overcapacity, steel imports were 2015's principal headwind. However, recent import levels have declined and the trade cases are likely to erode them further. Reduced imports, idling of domestic capacity, and relatively higher global pricing, along with steady demand and rebalanced supply chain inventory, have created a positive pricing and volume environment for flat roll products. As raw material prices moderate, there's likely margin expansion opportunity. As in the past, importantly, we are not waiting in order to help inflate ourselves from the imports. Part of our strategy is to not only develop strong customer relationships but to also manufacture products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis, such as painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ steel, and long length rail. As such, we're able to mitigate some of the import impact and, with our broad portfolio of value-added products, able to maintain higher steel mill utilization rates when compared to our domestic peers. As you've seen, we continue to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and the execution of our long-term strategy. We also have additional company-specific earnings catalysts and are well positioned for growth. Customer focus, coupled with our market diversification and low-cost operating platforms, support our ability to maintain our best-in-class industry performance. We believe we are uniquely poised to capitalize on growth opportunities that will benefit our customers, shareholders, employees, and communities. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we're focusing on growth opportunities to maximize our financial performance throughout market cycles. We will concentrate on growth opportunities that will improve the quality of our margins, with a particular focus on downstream value-added growth to mitigate the impact of imports and the evitable cyclicality of our business. The strong character and determination of our employees are absolutely unmatched. They are a phenomenal group, and I'm proud to stand with them. We look forward to creating new opportunities for them, for our customers, and our shareholders in the months and years ahead. So, again, thank you for your time today. And Brenda, we'd love to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Tony Rizzuto with Cowen & Company. Please, go ahead with your questions.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much, and good morning, Mark and Theresa. My question is, one, you've done such a tremendous job at optimizing your flat roll plants at Butler in Columbus. I'm wondering how much further is there to go in terms of volume growth and aside from mix improvements that you clearly are implementing at these facilities.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the team at Butler has done an absolute phenomenal job. If you look back, when a little English man was running the place up there, we were around about 2.2 million tons  about 2.4 million tons, and all they had to do is kick me out.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Right.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And so, they went from 2.4 million tons, I think  they probably have about 3.1 million tons of capability there, way above the  way, way above the rated capacity. I would say, Columbus, they've already demonstrated on the half side, the ability to get around about 3.4 million tons, and that's without the  so the prodding and the innovation and the creativity of the employee base. And I would say there is good room for movement there.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. May I ask another question? I know they said one question, but I'd I like to ask a question on the market, if I could. You mentioned, Mark, about the imports that have come down. Obviously, that's been a key shift in supply this year. But the import license data has been beginning to trend higher and, obviously, looking at higher imports later this year. And we're starting to see some signs that the market is becoming a little bit less tight, if you will. I was wondering if you could just address that along with your comments about the scrap, maybe, being a little bit sloppy here over the near-term. And just generally speaking, how do you think about pricing and where we are in the market today? And do you think we've hit a peak for hot-rolled at this juncture?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, that was a compound question, Tony. Let me start off by saying, I think import levels are down about 25% year-to-date. But we do, indeed, see activity picking up a little bit. The global spread for hot band is in excess of $200 a ton today. And so, it's natural for that to occur. But I think it's been amazing that the import pricing, though, remains pretty resilient, I would say, unusually resilient and maybe there is import offers now about 50 bucks off in the domestic market. And as I said, that's a little unusual, a little more resilient. The trade constraints have totally eliminated China and the other primary importers from the marketplace. And import offers are coming in through what we would consider somewhat non-traditional sources, Vietnam and others. And those are a little less accessible, and the network from a customer base importing those steels is a little less reliable at this moment in time. And in any event, import pressure is not going to materialize in any great form in Q4. And I am somewhat confident that it's not going to return to the levels that really imploded on markets at the end of whenever that was, 2014 and early 2015. From a pricing standpoint, cold-rolled sheet and coated, they remain very, very, very strong. Lead times are around about eight weeks. In the hot-rolled coil arena, you're right, the market seems a little hesitant. And I think they're uncertain of its direction. There are lead times, perhaps, down to two weeks to three weeks today. And I think it's because some are anticipating softening, given that the high global spread and the recent deterioration in scrap pricing. And so, they're not placing orders today. They really are just placing exactly what they need. There's a good side to that. Yeah. The recent MSCI data shows that inventory is at 2.3 months on a shipping basis, while actual shipping  or shipments are strong. And I think that that's a good position to be in, in all honesty. I think there could be actually an opportunity for restocking and that they can hang out there and hope for lower pricing. But the scrap arena is going to support the prices where it is today. We don't see any real downtick in scrap pricing, so that's going to support it. I think the lean inventory will support pricing in the region it is today. Does it come off $10 or $20? Yeah, maybe. But it is certainly not going to implode. And you never know, history may repeat itself and, invariably, it has in our industry, where inventories, service center inventories get real, real tight, then all of a sudden, folks, they all seem to jump into the market at the same time. Lead times stretch out because the domestic industry, from a production capability, just can't recover as quickly and you actually get a price pressure environment, so time will tell.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for all that color, Mark. I greatly appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays. Please, go ahead with your question.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Regarding the U.S. auto market, we saw U.S. auto production had a nice June after some softness earlier in the spring. I'm wondering, are you seeing any signs, as you're out there expanding that business, that there is any step-down in optimism on growth among the OEMs, the parts makers? And, secondly, have you had any substantial wins within that industry, within that market over the quarter which you could highlight?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not so sure if there is optimism for further growth in the automotive world. I think they are ahead of the build right today, and I think everyone would forecast that, that build rate is going to be maintained, going forward. So I think it's a very healthy environment to be in. On the market share, we have  as we've advertised or communicated in the past calls, have had a dedicated sort of initiative in Columbus in particular to go direct to the automotive producers. We've got a team of eight folks, nine folks, 10 folks together, and it's unbelievable traction that they have gained. And I think for 2016, we're on track for about 180,000 tons of automotive shipments, which is up dramatically year-over-year. And we're looking for sort of that amount of gain, in addition to that, in 2017. Our target is just round about 500,000 tons, maybe, a little bit more, but 500,000 tons of output at Columbus eventually.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I was going to say that just another thing. If you look at the growth expected in Mexico from an armored production perspective, that also bodes well for Columbus, given the freight that we have in, in Mexico. So that's another thing that we are looking at.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. Let me just really quickly follow up. Your cost performance has looked good. I'm wondering outside of raw materials, with the advantage that you're getting from the high capacity utilization, where are you when it comes to your conversion cost performance at Columbus or even the whole system versus a year ago, and where you'd expected to be around this time?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Without going into specifics, I kind of let into a little bit in my opening comments that the utilization number is a bit misleading because at 95%, it's really heavily weighted towards the fact that Butler and Columbus actually operated at 105% to 110% of their rated capacity for the quarter, which obviously isn't sustainable for a year, but they did it in the quarter. And so, that masks some of the capability and the opportunity that we're going to have at the long products. So there's still some meaningful cost compression that we should have across, actually, the structural mill and definitely the Engineered Bar division. So there is some leverage there. And as it relates to Columbus, Columbus conversion costs are very strong right now, being that we brought them very much in line. There was a lot of progress that was made in 2015, yet there are still some financial obligations that are outstanding, and we are trying to work through those. They have varying dates of expiration. And so, that's probably still another $5 to $8 a ton of additional cost that we are incurring at Columbus that we hope one day we won't have to.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Theresa. It's very helpful. Best of luck for the rest of the quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Matt.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Loop Capital. Please, go ahead with your questions.
Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets: Hey, Mark. Hey Theresa. Thanks for all of the detail. Can you talk a little bit about kind of the continued efforts to gain market share in the long rail business. And then, as more of a bond guy question, you are now at BB+ with a positive outlook, given that you're at 9.6 times interest coverage. Is there a chance you become accidentally investment-grade even though you've sort of stated that kind of mid-double B is your target range? And if the rating agencies stick you to sort of an investment-grade range, do you feel like you're not growing fast enough or anything like  I guess I am asking about, do you plan that will be aggressive enough on the acquisition front that investment-grade may not be something that's in the cards pretty soon?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I will let Mark take the rail question first.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, I think we have targeted about 300,000 tons of rail for the mill. And it's not a question, really, of us searching for a lot more than that market share. We need to balance the mill between beam and rail products. We are, obviously, pushing the percentage of premium rail as much as we can, and that is being well, well received today. And in fact, I think we now  we had one railroad that just was the final one  which one was that?
Unknown Speaker: Canadian National.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Canadian National, yeah. Canadian National finally came and approved our product. So we are approved at all major Class 1 railroads today. We're going to fall short of the 300,000 tons, I do believe, this year. We are aiming for, I think 260,000-ish tons, 270,000-ish tons, because as you appreciate the Class 1 railroads have throttled back their CapEx spending pretty dramatically. But we're on target, I think, for 260,000-ish tons for the year.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And related to the second part of the question, Brett, we're very, very open and transparent with the agencies. And so, I think, S&P just came out and moved our position of liquidity from strong to exceptional, which I'm not sure what that means, it sounds good. So we're very open with them about our plans for growth, and that's both inorganic and organic. And so, I don't think we're accidently going to become IG. I think at some point, we will, just by the nature of our cash flow generation and the maturity at which we're gaining on the operational platform. But right now, we feel like we're really strongly positioned in that BB plus range. We've got access to all the different capital markets. We have great support from the investors. And so, for us, it gives us, I think, maximum optionality and flexibility when we're really in this growth-driven state today.
Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets: And acquisition plans not slowing down?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think we  Brett, we continue to explore non-organic growth opportunities that will provide strong share return. And so, that continues.
Brett Levy - Loop Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley. Please, proceed with the questions.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, Mark and Theresa.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Maybe just a follow-up on that last one. So, I know you've talked in the past about looking for targets that would help you build the mills. But when you go and look for things like Vulcan, what are some of the parameters that you look for as far as profitability, EBITDA margins? What multiples are you kind of willing to pay to get that EBITDA, pre-synergy, post-synergy, just to kind of help us think about what M&A means for valuation, going forward?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I should say we're continuing to evaluate. And we'll evaluate not only inorganic, but I don't think one should forget the organic opportunities that we have. We have about 400,000 tons to 500,000 tons of hot mill excess at Structural Rail division at Columbus city. That will be a very, very effective use of CapEx for $200 million or so. You pick up some tremendous value, tremendous volume there. I'm also working at Roanoke to further utilize its mill and its cash capability. But on the M&A front, obviously, we're looking at opportunities that leverage our core strengths. We want sustainability of quality returns, returns that can appreciate our existing margins.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So Evan, from the perspective of valuation, obviously, we don't want to be too specific. But I think Vulcan is an example of something where we've been able because of the management team and different things sometimes to be able to elicit really great value. And so, Vulcan was about a five times multiple, which I think is extraordinary. I know it might seem like it's on the smaller side, but that's an example. If you remember going all the way back to Columbus, Columbus was actually less than a six multiple. So I think that kind of gives you a track record for how management feels about valuation. And regarding your question on EBITDA margins, we're really looking to drive that high, as high as we can. And so, we are  excuse me, so we would look toward being higher than our average EBITDA margins today but, more importantly, higher than what we've seen in the historical past so that through cycle we can maybe need some of the volatility.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Super-helpful. Thanks. And maybe just one quick follow-up, since I think most are doing that. On the engineered bar front, you mentioned the demand was a bit weak. Could you provide any color there on which end markets are driving there? And I assume it's energy. But we were to see a recovery in the Engineered Bar business. What sort of end markets should we be focused on?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, engineered bar is quite a diversified mill, in all honesty. I'm probably going to get these specific percentages wrong. But energy has been around 15%  20% in the past. So that, obviously, is very, very challenged. You've got about the same going into the automotive now, which remains strong. Off-road equipment, mining equipment, the Caterpillars, the John Deeres, those folks, probably 30% or so. So that has been kind of weak for sure. And I think the more recent downturn or softening there has been the Class A truck and trailer. First, the Class A trucks, earlier this year, turned down and then the trailer just the last couple of months, in all honesty. So the Eatons of the world are not necessarily buying as much as they did.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Super-helpful, again. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. Please, proceed with your questions.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I just have a couple. So, as you pointed out, things have softened a little bit. And I just wanted to take on how much that might be a seasonal phenomenon. And you mentioned that, historically, we've seen times where everybody sits on the sidelines and have to rush in because inventories get too low. But we've also seen historically, as you know, gaps between us and the rest of the world not get this wide. So I just wanted a little bit more color on what you're seeing relative to normal seasonality and why we might get to a squeeze rather than see the import responses time around? Thanks.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Firstly, just to be clear, I think, from a market perspective, that, that remains somewhat stable, with the exception of the softening in the trailer industry. I would tell you that the markets are generally as they have been, and construction continues to incrementally grow. So it's not necessarily a structural underlying demand issue. So I don't call it softening per se. The order book, obviously, on the Structural side of the business. Anticipation of scrap pricing changes the mentality or the sentiment of the buyer there. They bought little bit ahead when April and May ticked up. And as I said earlier, we will see somewhat of an impact and, look, it's not massive going into the third quarter for the Long Product shipments. In sheet, there is really no softening at all, in the coated  coat (42:23). And I would say in hot band, there's a hesitancy. I don't think there's soft  underlying softness. Folks, they are just holding off to buy exactly what they need right now. They think the market is going to go down and it's, to be honest, anyone's guess. The import market arena, as I suggested, the kind of the activity, the enquiries, and the chatter has definitely picked up a little. Pricing is remaining quite resilient. And for $50 a ton, people aren't going to get overly, overly excited. You'll see some pickup probably in volume, but it's not going to get, I do believe, to the levels that created our past problems over 2015.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just if you could remind us, as a follow-up, on your cash usage, if maybe Theresa could you give us any updated thoughts on priorities for use of cash. I mean, are there a lot of available additional value-added processors that fit your business model that may be attractive? Or do you think that you'd be more skewed toward higher dividend and buybacks at this time?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: 
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say that  again, just to repeat what I said earlier, we're just continuing to explore non-organic growth opportunities in the M&A field, with the focus, obviously, on providing strong shareholder return. Well, that's our primary focus right now. We obviously always evaluate other shareholder sort of value return mechanisms that you can get through sort of the capital structure, dividends or share buybacks.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning, Mark, and congratulations on the quarter. A question...
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Michael.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Last quarter and the first quarter, you had indicated that you were selling a fair amount of hot rolled to the integrated producers. Did you continue that in the second quarter?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think I ever said that, Michael.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I thought in the Q&A, you did.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not so sure. I suggest that we sold  I'd have to re-read my transcript.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Did you sell hot rolled to the integrated producers in the second quarter?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that it's probably a question that's going to go unanswered, Michael.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then let me give you another question then. When you look at your sheet market, do you think about like what is the new normal in terms of the sheet market dynamics, when you basically eliminate China from the U.S. market with the tariffs that have been put in place on cold rolled and coated, and then the 90% tariffs that have been in place for 15 years now on hot rolled. You eliminate basically a producer that produces over half of the world's sheet products in the U.S. market. Can you kind of discuss what the kind of new normal is or implications on spreads or whatever you'd like to talk about in terms of evaluating the new market conditions?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not so sure, I or we are any smarter than anyone else. Obviously, the elimination of China has buoyed the market currently. I do think that the coated and cold rolled sheet spreads, which are at historical highs, will probably remain so as long as China has shut out. As long as the trade cases are in place to impede, they are not going to eliminate, but they will impede the import pricing. So I think those spreads are not just an aberration. I think they are going to be around for a while. Ultimately, longer term and when I say longer term, years out  over the years, I think some of that material will somehow look find its way back into the American market either through other converters or through manufactured goods. There is a good portion of imported steel in refrigerators and cars and other things. So, seriously, I'm not smart enough to know long term what the impact is. Obviously, we're in a commodity market. It's a supply and demand equation. You take supply out, it's going to benefit and bode well for the market environment and for pricing and for your profitability profile.
Michael F. Gambardella - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just by the way, good luck with it. Hope you don't stress out too much about becoming investment grade.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We'll try not to, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a strong quarter.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to ask maybe about how to think about your acquisitions, particularly the one that you just did with Vulcan, you mentioned that they were already a large consumer of your product and it would seem that you're kind of forward integrating into owning what used to be a client. Is that a way that we could think about some of your future M&A where you want to kind of go more downstream in terms of owning some of your potential current clients?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Downstream is definitely a focus, yes. I think we're in a cyclical business and in times of sort of depressed or recessed markets, having pulled through volume or low  greater utilization of our mills, which are the capital intensive assets in our portfolio. New Millennium platform obviously has done that well in the past and will continue to do so in the future, and it would be nice for us to get good assets that support or pair our core competencies, but we're not going to go out on a limb and buy something we don't know. As Barry said, I think when we toured Vulcan last, there's absolutely nothing here that we don't know. And in fact, our incentive systems, our culture can  I do believe lower cost increase their productivity and efficiencies and obviously give them even better profitably profile. But bottom line, yes, we are looking  one of our focuses is to look downstream at high-margin, pull-through volume-type assets.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And my second question was just, how should we think about with the new paint line coming on in Q1 2017? You said that that cost was $100 million of CapEx. How should we think about the incremental EBIT or EBITDA bump that you would get from that kind of investment?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think just to calibrate, I guess, we would look at the payback with today's margins within 24 months.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your questions.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Phil.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, Theresa, just curious if you could remind us of the lag in flat roll pricing. I know you had given some clues as to the fact that the long products pricing was relatively flattish. So the hot rolled band price probably was up something less than $100 and we know the market is up clearly a lot more than that. Should we think about the difference between current market pricing and then maybe what was realized off the bottom as likely to be the type of pricing that you're going to be realizing in the third quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Phil, first of all, over the Flat Roll Group, about 60% of the overall volume is spot. And so that trades as the spot market trades. If you think about the other 40%, most of that is tied to CRU in some form or fashion, and CRU already lags about four weeks, and our contracts lag another two months probably.
Barry Schneider - Senior Vice President-Flat Roll Steel Group: Up to two months.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Up to two months. So you're looking at potentially two months to a quarter worth of lag over that 40%.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. So I think that still insinuates with your lead times on hot rolled or at least what they were a couple of months ago that you're still sort of catching up to where the market is now relative to where we were in the second quarter in terms of what you realized. Mark, if, let's say lead times, which have come in a little bit on hot rolled, persist for a little bit longer and let's say the service centers are able to take another 10% out of inventory, do you choose to do maintenance activity or do you choose to still run as aggressively as you did in the second quarter and try to maintain that share that you have?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, Phil, as we've said in the past, it's a balance. You've got to be careful taking one's price down in search of an order and just get 500 tons and you find it takes the whole price of the market there, right? The second, I don't think there are lot of orders to be achieved. And I think the market will remain firm.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think, Phil, your question was around maintenance, and whether we're taking maintenance or not. And so related to that, I'd just remind you that we mentioned it that Columbus facility actually will be taking one of the galv lines down for a bit of time, because they want to put in  it's part of the paint line investment itself, and so that's probably going to impact some volume in the third quarter and we're kind of estimating that to be around a $5 million impact.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Columbus will have its maintenance shutdown in the third quarter as well.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: (54:37) for Butler. Is that third quarter or November?
Christopher Graham - Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing Group: Right now we're leaning towards fourth quarter  more into the fourth quarter for the Butler outage.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Perfect. And Theresa, can you provide the mix on the flat roll side as you typically do? And then I'll hop off. Thanks so much.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Sorry, Phil. I'm glad you did that. Second quarter flat roll shipments across the Flat Roll Group, hot rolled and P&O combined was 872,000 tons; cold rolled was 166,000 tons; and coated, which will include painted, galvanized and Galvalume, was 750,000 tons.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from the line of Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thank you and good morning. I wonder if you could talk about scrap for a moment, Mark and Theresa. The market for scrap seems to be weakening a little bit maybe due to China slowing or the dollar or whatever it could be. I am just wondering in your network of scrap collection as well as processing, can you lower your intake prices at this time as fast as the scrap price declines without losing volume or how is that balance going these days?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Hey, Aldo, this is Russ.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey, Russ.
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Thanks for the question. Again I think certainly we can lower the buy price, but it does impact the flows, particularly of obsoletes. I think as you look at the outlook and I think Mark's got it nailed spot on, I think we're soft sideways in the near-term future. The strength of the U.S. dollar has again slowed exports, but more importantly than that it's also encouraged some imports, because you get the cargoes out of Britain in particular that are much more affordable in today's dollar terms. So, that import/export balance there, I think, will continue to keep a lid on any major pricing moves, particularly on the upside.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Certainly, I think there will be a little bit of downward pressure, but again I think we're going to trade in a range probably for the rest of the year. If I look at it right now, I think we're going to be in a very narrow range for the rest of the year.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Right. And Russ, as the company looks to grow, they mentioned  you mentioned through acquisitions, maybe you're looking at downstream businesses. Would any of your scrap assets, maybe some shredders, be available for sale, do you think, at some point?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Well, I think, Aldo, we look at everything that comes at us regardless whether it makes sense to us or not, but I think our intent is to be strategic particularly to make sure we're supporting the steel mills of our company. That's the key factor that we get as a group. So, again, we look at anything and everything whether it's buy, sell or repurpose.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks very much. Congratulations on the progress.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Alessandro Abate with Berenberg. Please proceed with your questions.
Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Mark and Theresa, good morning. It's Alessandro Abate from Berenberg. My question is related to your strategy for Columbus, specific to Mexico. And just going back to what you just said the target seems to be 500,000 tons to the automotive. Can you just give a little bit more color related to how much of these targets coming from Mexico and how much from the U.S. and whether there is an investment of $10 million (58:38) in the galvanizing line and Nucor or GEC can actually represent kind of potential threat to your target or your target is already taken in consideration the future development? Thank you.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think their expansions will threaten our plans, to be honest. Much of the automotive work we've got today is actually in the Southern U.S. So if you think we've got 180,000 tons this year and we got another 180,000 tons next year, we're quite well on our way again to our target even without Mexico. Obviously, Mexico is sort of boomtown for steel consumption, both on the appliance, HVAC, automotive side and there is no doubt that we will get some warning down there. A lot of our existing customers have facilities or building facilities or partnering with folks in Monterrey and the Mexican City arena. But currently, most of our output is within America.
Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): And Mike, thanks for the answer, but is it possible to really give more color on the potential sales volume you might be getting from Mexico, let's say, in the next two years to three years?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Barry?
Barry Schneider - Senior Vice President-Flat Roll Steel Group: Well, I believe in the painting products, we do see some growth opportunities in the Mexican markets through existing customers that we have relationships here in the United States. So we do see the painted products going down into their both appliance and construction-type products, as Mark mentioned, some of the automotive where we will envision down there as well as some general  just general service center-type applications, so I do think there is a reason to expect that we will be somewhere above 200,000 tons into that marketplace in the next couple of years, but we're not limiting what we do. We have very good freight access to the area and we have developed a Mexican strategy that will purpose all of our platforms together.
Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Thanks. Just a little follow-up. Out of these couple of hundred thousand tons of shipment, could you also give me a split between HVAC and automotive?
Barry Schneider - Senior Vice President-Flat Roll Steel Group: That would be very difficult at this point.
Alessandro Abate - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sean Wondrack with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your questions.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, Mark and Theresa.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I think I have a question about again in terms of scrap pricing and it's more of a dynamic of domestic versus international. Can you talk a little bit about what you've been seeing in the market? Have you been seeing Turkey import scrap out of the U.S.? Have you been seeing the scrap come over from Turkey? How the flow has been and how is kind of the state of the market with respect to that?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Sean, This is Russ. I think Turkey continues to be in and out of the market, as they balance off the billet cost or the slab cost against what it takes to get scrap. Again with the events in Turkey last weekend, I'm not sure what the Turks are going to be doing in the next  at least the next two weeks or three weeks. So I would anticipate that that's going to be  well, it's going to be a tough question to answer. The bulk of the scrap that has been imported in the U.S. today is generally of the higher grade scraps that is coming from Europe, again based on the strength of the U.S. dollar. So I think those are same  those are similar types of origins of scrap that the Turks have access to as well, so if it makes sense for the U.S., it more than likely makes sense for the Turks as well.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And have you seen that  how has that trended this year? Have you seen that increase or decrease over time into the last couple of months?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Sean, are you talking about imported scrap?
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, please.
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: I think I read an article just a week or so ago, but the volumes in the south of  Southern U.S. and based on everything that I gathered out of that article, it looked to me like the amount of imports in the first half of 2016 are already more than the entire 2015 level of imports.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then has a lot of that been  a lot of that hasn't been offset by exports, right, because the dollar has been strong. So nobody can buy our scrap?. Is that the right way to think about it?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: That's the ample supply of scrap in the United States.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great.
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation: Via imports and via lack of exports.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. Hey, thank you very much, Russ. I appreciate it.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And I think it'd be our position that given the economic turmoil and the fact that the U.S. economy is strong that most of that dollar strength will remain for some time to come. And so, that will just continue to dampen the export market and encourage import.
Sean M. Wondrack - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Garrett Nelson with BB&T. Please proceed with your question.
Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi. Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, but just wondering whether your full-year CapEx guidance has changed at all since the April call?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The full-year guidance right now is $225 million, and obviously that's pretty much back loaded to the second half of the year. This really primarily relates to the expected payment stream to support the Columbus (01:04:50) paint line.
Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot, Theresa.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Super, Brenda. Well, just quickly, thank you for your support. I think we are uniquely positioned for growth, and we'll take advantage of the opportunities that come our way. I was supported by a phenomenal group of employees and a phenomenal group of customers. So we are in a great shape. We are excited, so from Russ, from Barry, from Chris, from Glenn, and Theresa and I, thank you for your time today.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tricia Meyers - Investor Relations Manager Mark D. Millett - President, CEO & Director Theresa E. Wagler - EVP and CFO Chris Graham - VP of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President of New Millennium Building Systems Barry Schneider - VP, Bar products Glenn Pushis - SVP Long Products Steel Group Russell B. Rinn - President and COO
Analysts: Matthew Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc. Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Securities Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Philip Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charles Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc. Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Richard Yu - Citigroup
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised, this call is being recorded today, April 21, 2016, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect your line now. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, Investor Relations Manager. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Tricia Meyers: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's Web site for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the Company's operating platforms, including our Metals Recycling operations, Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President. Our Fabrication Operations, Chris Graham, Senior Vice President Downstream Manufacturing Group, and our Steel Operations, Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President Long Products Steel Group and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President Flat Roll Steel Group. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements about future events that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we refer you to a more detailed form of this statement contained in the press release announcing this earnings call. These predictive statements speak only as of this date, April 21, 2016, and involve many risks and uncertainties related to our businesses and the environment in which they operate, any of which may cause actual results to turn out differently than anticipated. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K under the heading, special note regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors; and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports which we from time to time file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thanks, Tricia, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call this morning. And first Id like to tell you a quick moment to welcome our new call participants, Barry and Glenn. Upon Dicks recent retirement at the end of March, Chris, Barry, and Glenn were named Senior Vice Presidents reporting directly to me. Chris retains oversight of the new Millennium Fabrication Group and also manufacturing as we seek downstream value add growth opportunities. Barry is in charge of the Flat Ross Steel Group and Glenn of the Long Products platform. Each of these gentlemen has extensive experience in the steel industry, as well as the unique distinction that being with Steel Dynamics from the very beginning, some 20 plus years ago. They are well versed and are performance driven, low-cost operating culture, and are passionately aligned with our commitment to creating superior value for our loyal customer base. And fortunately Dick isnt going too far. His vast experience and talent will be retained as he continues on the Board and Im sure he will be turning up from time-to-time in the mills. He will also be actively assisting me to ensure smooth leadership transition over the next couple of months. Now before talking about the market environment, I ask Theresa to comment on our first quarter financial performance. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Within a continued challenging global steel industry environment, we achieved solid financial results to the first quarter. Our net income was $63 million or $0.26 per diluted share, which was at the top of our guidance of between $0.22 and $0.26 per share. These results compared to sequential fourth quarter adjusted net income of $22 million or $0.09 per diluted share which excludes the impact of non-cash goodwill and asset impairment charges of $1.13. And compares to prior year first quarter adjusted net income of $40 or $0.17 per diluted share, which excludes certain refinancing costs of $0.04. First quarter 2016 revenues were $1.7 billion, a 9% improvement over the sequential fourth quarter based on increased shipments from our steel operations. Our first quarter 2016 gross margin as a percentage of sales increased to 14%, driven primarily by increased volume and represents a vast improvement from fourth quarter results of 9%. As a result, our operating income for the first quarter 2016 was $132 million compared to adjusted fourth quarter results of $47 million. For the first quarter, steel shipments increased 17% to 2.3 million tons as volumes improved across all divisions, but most significantly in Flat Roll. Flat Roll steel imports declined and customer inventory levels are better aligned with actual demand which is supporting increased domestic steel production and now also Flat Roll price increases as we head into the second quarter, especially for value added products. And as a reminder, about 40% of our Flat Roll volume is contractual and generally tied to a one to two months lag in CRU price index. First quarter 2016 steel platform average selling price have decreased $40 per ton to $574, more than offsetting decreased average crap costs per ton at $21. Despite lower metal spread, the improved volume resulted in significantly higher sequential operating income from our steel operations of $136, just over double fourth quarter results. Our sheet operations drove this increase improving operating income by over 180% with a 20% increase in shipments. While our Metals Recycling platform continues to operate in an extremely challenging environment, the team was able to achieve significantly improved profitability in the first quarter, recording $6 million of operating income versus the adjusted operating loss of $16 million in the fourth quarter. Increased domestic steel mill utilization and export volume resulted in improved recycling demand and pricing. Ferrous shipments increased 9%, while metal spread improved 36% compared to the sequential quarter. Additionally, internal ferrous shipments increased 27% and represented 60% of mills recycling quarterly volume, effectively levering the strength of our vertically integrated business profile. Our fabrication operations continued their ongoing strong financial performance in the first quarter, achieving operating income of $32 million, not only improving sequentially, but also a result only slightly below their record of $37 million set in the third quarter of last year. We continue to see steady non-residential construction demand resulting in a slight increase in the quarterly shipments which partially offset modest metal spread compression, as product pricing declined more than raw material steel costs. Based on first quarter coat activity, we could see some additional metals spread compression in the second quarter as Flat Roll steel prices have risen in the interim. During the first quarter 2016, we continue to generate significant cash flow from operations of $289 million. Working capital provided a $130 million of funding in the quarter. First quarter 2016 capital investments totaled $28 million. We currently estimate full-year capital expenditures to be in the range of $250 million, which includes the $100 million paint line addition at our Columbus Flat Roll Division, which is still expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2017. We increased our cash dividend in the first quarter, $0.14 per common share. Our history of sustained and increasing cash dividends demonstrates the confidence that we and our Board of Directors having the strength and consistency of our cash generation capability, financial position and optimism concerning our future. As demonstrated through the years, our business model generate strong cash flow through varying market cycles based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations that are diversified value added product offerings. We achieved record liquidity of $2.2 billion at March 31, comprised of our undrawn revolver and available cash of $977 million. During the quarter, total debt remained flat while net debt decreased $246 million to $1.6 billion. Our first quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA was $214 million, resulting in the last 12 months EBITDA being $748 million. Net leverage then was 2.2x down from 2.7x at the end of the year. Our credit profile continues to be solidly aligned with our preferred through cycle net leverage of less than 3x, a testament to our disciplined approach to growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook continues to provide great optionality, having no meaningful maturities until 2019, but in the interim period having call provision flexibility. Looking forward we continue to believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the strength and flexibility to not only sustain current operations, but to support additional strategic growth. Thank you.
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. As I've said on every call, the safety and welfare of our employees is our number one priority. Nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains better than the industry averages, and continues to improve toward our goal at zero incidents. Year-over-year the Company continues to improve with 2015 performance being the best so far. The trend continued into the first quarter. The team is doing a great job. Over 80% of our locations achieved zero recordable injuries so far this year. We also reduced our total recordable injury rate in the first quarter by 20% when compared to last year's full-year results and by 40% when compared to prior year's first quarter. We are definitely beginning the year in a even better position. And my sincere thanks go to the entire SDI team for their continued focus and dedication to our most important priority. The steel platform performed well in the first quarter. 2016 has certainly provided a changing landscape to the domestic flat roll market. Several positive macro shifts have resulted and significantly improved flat roll product pricing going into the second quarter. Flat roll steel import levels have declined and global steel pricing has appreciated. Customer inventory levels are better aligned to actual consumption, supporting higher domestic steel mill utilization and mill lead times have extended. While demand has remained steady, the supply side drivers have led to much improved market dynamics. Our Flat Roll Steel divisions operated basically at full capacity for the quarter, supported by the strong auto build and construction pick up. Although sequential long products steel shipments improved 9%, our long product mills was still challenged with end market weakness, operating at only 67% of their capacity. As the heavy equipment, agricultural, and energy markets remain weak, grabs for market share resulted in extensive published pricing discounts, especially in the structural steel arena. For the steel platform as a whole, driven by the our flat roll operations, our production utilization rate for the first quarter 2016 increased to 88% as compared to overall industry utilization of approximately 71%. Despite a material decline in scrap cost in the quarter, our metal spread contracted as average product pricing declined more than our actualized average scrap costs. Pricing declines were felt in all areas. However, the recent price increases in flat roll, especially for value-added coated product is sticking and we should see the positive impact in the coming months. The successful market and product diversification we achieved at Columbus during 2015 is one of the key differentiators for anticipated improved profitability in 2016. As a testament, Columbus achieved near record quarterly shipments in the first quarter of 2016 and increased value-added shipments almost 80% compared to the prior year's first quarter. The new paint line project is on budget and on schedule. The expectation for shipments to begin in the first quarter of 2017. The $100 million dollar investment will provide 250,000 tons of annual coating and Galvalume capability and further diversification in to higher margin products for Columbus. We already have two paint lines and Galvalume capability in Indiana and this new project allows for higher quality double wide steel and access to the Southern markets, including Mexico. We plan to sell surface-critical, appliance-grade steel, as well as construction-related products. Our steel platform also continues to benefit from our other organic growth investments, some of which began contributing in 2015 which should continue to increase momentum in 2016. The $26 million investment in premium rail, the $96 million investment in engineered special bar quality diversification and capacity expansion generally geared toward the automotive industry. This diversification has already facilitated increased mill utilization and cost compression during this weak heavy equipment and energy demand environment. And lastly the $22 million investment for an additional 600,000 tons of annual flat roll pickling capacity at our Butler Flat Roll Division. This will increase value-added sales and while deemphasizing commodity-grade hot roll. The team began operating the line in January and the production ramp up is going extremely well. Increased domestic steel mill utilization is also benefiting our Metals Recycling platform. While the platform remains free cash flow positive from 15, we now return to operating profitability in the first quarter of this year, as pricing stabilize, metal spreads expanded and volumes improved. Additionally, I want to thank the team for the cost reductions of approximately $25 million that were achieved during the last 18 to 24 months, through cost efficiencies and some location and shredder idling. Recycling environment definitely remains challenging. Many regional players in the industry are either for sale or headed to insolvency. As such, the number of active shredders has declined meaningfully, which should benefit the industry and the years ahead.
iron ore cost, and cheap Chinese billet restraining exports: However, what we didn't anticipate was such a rapid and a significant increase in flat roll utilization and pricing. During that period of low obsolete scrap flows driven by low scale prices. In aggregate, these market dynamics resulted in the scrap price increases of about $10 to $15 a ton in March and another increase of $50 a ton in April. Looking forward, we expect the market to stabilize as the rush to regain mill inventories subsides and obsolete scrap flows improve. Combined with the expectation of a continued relative strong U.S dollar and relatively low scrap export volumes, we anticipate ample scrap supply and don't see drivers for further significant increases in ferrous scrap prices this year. The fabrication platform continues to achieve exceptional performance. Steady demand resulted in near record quarterly operating income of $32 million. The team is executing on all fronts and doing a phenomenal job. The CSI acquisition at the end of the last year's third quarter gained market share in deck achieving 34% in the first quarter this year compared to only 25% in prior years first quarter. We also increased our joist market share over the same period from 32% to approximately 37%. Additionally, the acquisition provides an opportunity for steel supply options from our Columbus Flat Roll division. Over the last three years, the acquired assets averaged over 60,000 tons of annual flat roll steel purchases, predominantly galvanized. We plan to source a substantial amount of the steel from Columbus which will help further shift Columbuss product mix and increased mill utilization in weak demand environments. The power of pull through volume was certainly helpful in last year's steel environment. Our fabrication operations purchased over 300,000 t of steel from our steel operations in 2015. This year, the new millennium team continues to perform exceedingly well, leveraging our national footprint to gain market share. And the strength of their business provides positive insight into the continued growth with non-residential construction activity. Relative to the macro environment, the steel consuming sectors that were weak in 2015 such as energy, heavy equipment and agriculture will likely remain so in 2016. However, those that have been strong or recovering are also expected to continue this path, such as automotive and construction. 2016 forecast for these two largest domestic steel consuming sectors remains positive. Automotive has continued forecasting strength and overall construction spending continues to improve with additional forecasted growth in 16. SDIs growing exposure to both of these sectors through our Columbus Flat Roll Division, additional Long Products production capability, and growing fabrication operations. Driven by the strength from the U.S dollar, low iron ore cost and global over capacity, steel imports were the 2015 principal headwind. However, recent import levels have declined and the trade cases are likely to erode them further. Reduced imports, idling of domestic capacity, and increasing global pricing along with steady demand and rebalanced supply chain inventory, have created a positive pricing and volume environment for flat roll products. As raw material prices moderate, there is likely some margin expansion opportunity. Importantly, as we typically do, we are not waiting around. In order to help insulate ourselves from imports, part of our strategy is to not only develop strong customer relationships, but also manufacture products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis, such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ steels and longer length rail. As such, we are able to mitigate some of the import impact and with our broad portfolio of value-added products, maintain higher steel mill utilization rates when compared to our peers. We continue to strengthen our financial position through strong cash flow generation and the execution of our long-term strategy. We also have additional company specific earnings catalysts and are well positioned for growth. Customer focus coupled with our market diversification and low-cost operating platforms support our ability to maintain our best-in-class industry performance. We believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities that will benefit our customers, our shareholders, employees, and communities alike. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on growth opportunities to maximize our financial performance through market cycles. We will concentrate on growth opportunities that will improve the quality of our margins with a particular focus on downstream value-added growth to mitigate the impact of the imports and the inevitable cyclicality of our business. The strong character and determination of our employees are unmatched. Theyre a phenomenal group and Im proud to stand with them. We look forward to creating new opportunities for them, for our customers and shareholders in the months and years ahead. So, again, thank you for your time today. And Adam, wed like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Korn from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Korn: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Matthew
Matthew Korn: Just a couple, if I could on the scrap market. Scrap tightness appears to be fairly profound right now, and so when you thing about flows improving on obsolete side, how much friction you think there could be from you or other recyclers having from shrunken headcount over the back half of 2015 or the potential bankruptcies, you said of certain shredders. Also dont know if there is a sense to any dealers are holding back supply right now on expectation of higher prices in the next month. And a quick follow-up there too on the industrial side for scrap, Bushland bundles, are you in the other AFB producers maybe seeing some of the effect of your own success here, because volumes are looking good numbers, look good, but maybe Bushland and bundles, I would expect those two necessarily proportionally increase in supply. So any comments there would be very helpful. Thanks.
Russell B. Rinn: Well, Id say this is Russ, Matthew. The flows certainly have increased somewhat not to a overwhelming degree on the obsolete side. We have seen a increase, particularly in our retail side more so than in the Rigler flows from the dealers. I think the pricing -- the new pricing, the up $50 will bring up some more obsolete grades into the marketplace. But it's still, it hasnt manifested itself in a big way as of yet. Back to the prime side of the equation, again I think the prime levels are going to remain fairly, fairly consistent as they have all year, because the manufacturing, particularly automotive manufacturing has been strong. So, I dont -- as a proportion of the scrap flow thats available. It necessarily will have to down as a percentage. But at this point, it seems fairly static and while demand increases that will mean a percentage of that will have to be replaced by other grades. We do think that it's going to be reasonable enough to support the needs of the steel mills.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Kurtz: Hi, good morning, guys.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Evan.
Russell B. Rinn: Good morning.
Evan Kurtz: So just maybe trying to put a couple of your comments together Mark, you mentioned that you thought pricing would start to have a positive impact in coming months. Youve also have an outlook for stabilization scrap. It is safe to say that you are expecting metal margins to expand in the two and 3Q?
Mark D. Millett: Yes, I think so. I think obviously from a pricing standpoint as we mentioned in the last call, we have about 40% of our sheet products indexed against CIU. And as a -- sort of lag there of -- amounted to for that pricing to kick in fully. And so as we move into the second quarter, obviously the pricing profile should be dramatically different. And Im assuming that relatively moderate scrap markets for the quarter, I think one can imagine that margins will expand so.
Evan Kurtz: Great. Thanks for confirming and if I may just kind of one follow-up on whats going on flat roll markets right now. One thing that some chatter Ive been here is integrated mills have been out. Im trying to take advantage of the spread between hot roll coil and cold rolled coil by maybe buying some hot roll coil from -- some of the many mills and rolling that, turning that into high value products. Is that something that youre participating and seeing and is that impacting your mix anyways, its a big enough needle mover to shift to Mex.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think whatever happens is happening in that environment is positive for the industry in general, because obviously we are benefiting as an industry with the idling of Granite city of Fairfield of Ashland. And if theyre moving those tons are around and utilizing others to provide or get help bank supply and keep those operations idle. I think thats very good for the industry and for the market in general.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Rizzuto from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Rizzuto: Thanks everybody and what a difference a couple of months make, boy. Its incredible. So my question is just a follow-up on scrap a little bit and your comments more comment and then Russ, are you guys concerned about exports which are period to be recovering after a lengthy period of dormancy and also scrap stabilizes near-term. Is there any further scope for price increases in flat roll steel do you think? Or is it more of a situation where you look for more margin gains as your spreads improve?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from the standpoint of export scrap there is obviously some positive activity there and that is for I think helped the recent uptick in pricing. Again, I think the predominant increase in pricing in April was forced by -- just a surprising increase in utilization of the -- that regard [indiscernible] sheet melt in an environment were flows are still low and as Russ said, those flow should start to pick up with higher pricing. And I think if you consider that we operated our sheet mills at near capacity, its just say, and others are likely to be doing the same because of the increase in demand in the last couple of months. The incremental or the additional price scrap needs are going to be minimal and that should contain pricing as to at the current levels. I think from the standpoint of domestic pricing, it should be sustainable for sure. For the near-term, I think the market is looking good for us into Q3 and certainly early Q4. The Asian pricing, the trade cases have certainly eroded the import volumes. And the -- more importantly, the U.S., the global spread is very, very low and in fact it wasnt low. I do believe even with further upward momentum in pricing before you start seeing any major import interest. The Chinese market seems to be inspired. Their pricing is up and there is room in that spread to appreciate domestic pricing further, I do believe.
Anthony Rizzuto: Fantastic. Mark, can you -- if I may ask a second question, perhaps youve been pretty vocal about the section of the need potentially for Section 201. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a bit on your thought process as it relates to that.
Mark D. Millett: Well the thing, as an industry we are all firmly aligned that the existing trade loss need to be enforced, and they need to be enforced in a much more expeditious manner going forward. So theres total agreement there. On a sort of a intimated safeguard, I think my issue is that, a large portion of the hot band market which is pipe and tube has been absolutely decimated. And so it was one thing to erode imports coming into the country, but we still need a market -- a market place to sell our goods. And those folks need some protection. And I mean, its over 50% or 60% I do believe of their consumption is imported today, and they need some sort of safeguard before, again that industry gets decimated. So its -- I think personally there should be a long-term solution which is in place, just needs to be enforced and a short-term safeguard to safeguard that particular industry.
Anthony Rizzuto: Thank you so much, Mark. I appreciate your insights.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Gagliano: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my question. I just have one shorter term forward looking type of question. Typically Q2 and Q3 are very strong volume quarters relative to Q1, and often times its actually meaningfully stronger. Any reasons to expect that pattern to be different this year?
Mark D. Millett: No, I dont think so. I think the markets are generally good. As we said earlier, its a little bit of a mix bag, off-road equipment, energy, agriculture is definitely soft. But the more intense consuming sectors, automotive and construction are remaining strong. I think the non-residential construction numbers both the macro indices but also our order book would suggest that were going to see continued growth in that area, and were fortunately highly leveraged. I think now weve got about 2.5 million tons of excess capacity that we havent been able to exploit yet most of which is correlated to construction. So we do see that second quarter and the third quarter being very, very strong as we go forward.
Theresa E. Wagler: The another one thing that I would add to that David is that, with the big bump that you saw in the first quarter that was related primarily to the Flat Roll Division and the Flat Roll Divisions were basically at very high capacity already. So any additional volume improvement you see would need to come through markets that are attached to long product mill.
David Gagliano: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just as a follow-up, can you just talk a little bit about the -- any changes youve seen in the order books specific to any of the particular end markets et cetera? Thanks.
Mark D. Millett: I dont think there was any basic change David, and honestly against the areas that were weak in 2015 will continue to be weak. Automotive remains very strong. Residential, I think although it ticked down a little bit here in the last month and so, year-over-year its improved and will continue to improve. Our garage door business is off the charts. So there is residential strength, we do believe. And non-residential construction for all reports from as I said macro indices and from our customers and also just the order book within New Millennium. They have year-over-year much higher backlog and quote activity right there. We feel quite optimistic that there is going to be incremental growth. The apparent consumption last year was about 108 million tons and we would love to see that growing to perhaps 111 million, 112 million tons this year.
David Gagliano: All right, good. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gambardella from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Gambardella: Yes. Good morning, Mark and Theresa, and congratulations on another good quarter. Just looking back today's net debt to capital at 35%, its the lowest number in net debt to capital that youve had since 2006 I think. And since 2006, youve grown your steel shipments 75%. Can you give us some perspective; youve had tremendous success basically since the company originated. But can you give us some feel for what type of growth and then, on your capital structure with the net debt to capital coming down to such low level, what your plans are for use of capital going forward maybe tied into that growth?
Mark D. Millett: Certainly, Michael. And as you point out, I think we clearly demonstrated the earnings strength -- the cash flow strength of our business model through tough times. Weve identified several, what I would consider capital effective organic growth opportunities; obviously were in the middle of building the paint line in Columbus. But we have about 400,000 tons or so of excess hot metal capacity of the structural mill. We have excess production capability at Roanoke, and we need to do something with the hot and Steel West Virginia which will ultimately I think give us even a greater hot metal capability. And Glenn is in charge with finding out the best effort for that excess capacity. We also are expanding the hot-roll galv line in Butler which will be a meaningful event for us. So theres a lot of organic opportunity. Again that cash won't be expended in the near-term in the next six months or so, and theyre not massive -- massive consumers of capital either. What were actively exploring, venturing value add opportunities with a very specific eye on pull through volume such as we -- the model that we see at New Millennium it helps dramatically in the down cycle to maintain utilization, maintain cash flow and a more uniformed earnings profile. And also sort of mitigation of imports looking at opportunities that we can separate ourselves from the import world that this is going to continue for the years to come. And as we do that in parallel, were obviously exploring and evaluating the many M&A opportunities that are coming to market currently.
Michael Gambardella: What about on the -- in terms of using some capital to give back to shareholder and dividend?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. So, Mike we do want to keep that positive different profile. But we also want to keep in mind that were a cyclical industry. And so we want to make sure that its sustainable at the levels that it is because we view dividend thats forever. So its definitely one of the outlooks that were going to be looking at and we look at other outlets to return to shareholders as well. And to your point the credit profile that we have today is extraordinarily strong. And so, I think right now its a matter of waiting for a period of time to see where the inorganic opportunities fallout as they come to bear for us to look at those and over the next call it 12 months or so. And then as were generating cash flow on the way well make some decisions possibly do some other allocations as well and maybe not just in the organic arena, but the organic and then their possibilities. So I think right now were looking at everything. But the most important strategic move for us as Mark mentioned was to look for pull through volume and to make sure that were using our -- the assets we have in place as efficiently as we can.
Michael Gambardella: Okay. Well, its a great place to be. So again congratulations.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Timna Tanners: Hi. Good morning.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: So I wanted to drill down a little bit into the discussion on flat-rolls market is really strong and everything were hearing is quite robust. Steel Dynamics has a tradition of offering or opening their order book later than piers. So I just wanted to ask you if thats still the case, and ask about how to think about utilization in flat-roll going forward. Did you max out Q1? Is there a little more tonnage to expect going forward or is there still run rate we should expect in this market environment?
Mark D. Millett: On the flat-roll side I would say there is a little more gas in our tank, but not much. We operated at a great rate in the first quarter. I think there was some commentary from the -- from you folks, regarding our pricing and maybe a little disappointment there to the level of pricing given the environment were in. And again, I think that is focused principally to flat-roll and to the fact that 40% of our output is indexed to CRU, and theres a one month, two month lag there. Additionally the tax, because of the business model [indiscernible] -- they tend to be looking about two months out. So its kind of again it slows the uptick in pricing. Our overall philosophy remains to keep a short order book hot band is not much more than four weeks. I would tell you that our Butler facility has been doing that for many, many, many years. Our Columbus team has not necessarily done that in the past. And so coming into the first quarter in January we were probably stretched out a little bit more at Columbus than we would typically be, but that is well in hand there.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thats great. So just a follow-up to make sure I understand that youre talking about; I think we just alluded to the margin compression and some surprise around that. So that what youre saying is that, thats really a function of some of the lag effect in pricing due to the CRU indices and also the way that Columbus had operated somewhat in the past and maybe going forward?
Mark D. Millett: Correct.
Theresa E. Wagler: But in addition to that, Timna remember the long product pricing came down as well in industry, I mean it crossed the industry. So its not just flat-roll, that price that you have is a mixed average.
Timna Tanners: No, of course. Okay, that makes sense. All right. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from the line of Jorge Beristain from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jorge Beristain: Hi, guys. Jorge, with DB here. And congratulations Mark and Theresa on your results. I just had a question really drilling down a little bit on your utilization. You guys are at 88%, rest of industry is at 71%, youve obviously picked up share in the kind of environment we saw due to those mill closure that some competitors. But do you see with the improved pricing that there is a risk that you could kind of give back some volumes to your competitors? Thats my first question.
Mark D. Millett: No, I dont think so. I think were well placed. Some of the market share we gained such as in Columbus is on the value add end, the coated arena. We struggled or that facility struggled a couple of years ago with quality. And I think the teams Butler and Columbus working together have done a phenomenal job getting the quality to where it should be. Weve reclaimed a lot of those -- those former customers and theyre loyal customers, and we should retain them. So now, I think were in a good spot. We have gained market share. We gained market share on flat-roll. We gained market share dramatically on our fabrication division, and Im comfortable where we are.
Jorge Beristain: Great. And my second question was on the Columbus paint line. Could you talk a little bit about what type of contracts youre now able to get with your new promised paint line there? And how much of those would be domestic versus Mexico based or export contract. If you could just also talk about the sort of type of pricing that youre able to achieve for a painted product. Is it going to have a bit more defensiveness vis--vis imports and vis--vis the underlying CRU pricing?
Mark D. Millett: Well I think for sure the more customized the product is, the more defensive you can be. Also the margins in that business are a little better and it gives you flexibility to protect your turf so to speak. From the standpoint of contracts, again its a little early for us to be securing definitive volumes there. There will be a shift with some of our products from Butler and Jeffersonville [indiscernible] immediately to give us a base load. But again we dont have contracts per say down there as of yet. Is that fair, Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: Absolutely its a little early to make any agreements in place. But the supply chains will naturally dictate some of its work and thats what well work first to optimize.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. And sorry, could you just discuss a little bit of how the pricing for that kind of product would work. Is it still going to be based off of an underlying, towards the index or is it going to be more towards like a fixed period type of pricing?
Mark D. Millett: No, it will be certainly market driven.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Philip Gibbs: Hi, good morning.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Philip Gibbs: I had a question on the SBQ business. It looked like it picked up a decent bit quarter-on-quarter. Is that an indication to you that the de-stocking maybe a baiting or a pickup in auto or market share. How do we think about that momentum right now for you?
Glenn Pushis: This is, Glenn Pushis, Phil.
Philip Gibbs: Hi, Glenn. Good morning.
Glenn Pushis: Good morning to you. Phil, the engineered Bar Products Division, our capacity utilization for the first quarter was right at 72% and not in cash than 60% rolling. In those markets the automotive is still very strong for them. They had a great new first quarter with a small mill that they fired up there last year and ran some good tonnage through that facility. So that helped to flatten the first quarter. So if you think they were growing market share in that arena, I would tell you its in the small bar area with the start up of that new facility down there last year. But again a typical, youve heard Mark say the automotive is strong, ag and energy is still soft. The coal finished business has been Id say stable, steady as it is well in the quarters. So thats kind of where were at and what we see coming.
Philip Gibbs: Should we expect the pick up in the business in terms of the volumes from this level or more stability than anything until some of those later cycle markets kick in?
Glenn Pushis: Yes, Id agree with this to your later comment. I think its more, just a stable market right now until we see what happens in the second and third quarter.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. I appreciate that. And Theresa, any comments you can help us on with the mix in flat-roll?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, I can. So for the first quarter across Flat Roll Group, hot-rolled and P&L shipments were 790,000 tons, cold-rolled was a 129,000 tons, and coated was 738,000 tons.
Philip Gibbs: I appreciate that. And I have one last one here, the CapEx started the year off pretty modestly. Are you still on track to spend that $250 million more backend loaded or have you pulled some of that off the table?
Theresa E. Wagler: No, the expectations are a lot the best estimate I would give you would beat around $250 million; it will probably be a bit less than that. But with the paint line its definitely loaded more towards the back half of the year.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. And I know the inventories are low right now. Are you expecting any further free cash flow generation this year given that you probably have a little bit of improvement in working capital in terms of it going higher?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, we did some framework changes in the working capital which should reduce some of it effectively from hereon now. But youre right; the pricing moves will have an impact as well as maybe some inventory volumes on the raw material side. And so, I would expect the second quarter could have some draw from working capital both from receivables and an inventory perspective. But then as you go to the second half of the year I think that, that pretty much gets mitigated and working capital won't have that much of an impact.
Philip Gibbs: But still some expectation for further free cash down the rest of this year.
Theresa E. Wagler: Perfectly. Yes, absolutely.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. Thanks so much. Have a great morning.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks. You too.
Glenn Pushis: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford from Bradford Research. Please go ahead.
Charles Bradford: Good morning.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Bradford: Over the last year or so the rail industry has been hit pretty hard by the debacle in coal and to some extent the reduced movement of oil by rail. Have you seen the railroads switching at all to maybe repair and re-railing if you will some of their other lines to offset their maybe reduced needs for the rail for especially coal?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think Chuck, the Class 1 railroads in particular and obviously have trimmed down their capital spend, and that will influence a little bit of their track expansion plans. Repair and maintenance is ongoing. Our shipments of the rail are still projected to be in the kind of the 240,000 to 260,000 tons for the year. I do believe, Glenn?
Glenn Pushis: Yes. Thats right, Mark.
Mark D. Millett: And I think youre right. There is a little bit of a shift to maintenance away from sort of mainline track build. But we seem to be continuing to pick up little market share in that product line.
Charles Bradford: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aldo Mazzaferro from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Hi. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Ive got a question on the mix at Columbus, Mark. I read that you had 80% increase in the value add volume on a year-to-year basis there. Can you frame that for us in terms of what to find to that value added, and what percentage of the mix that value added was?
Theresa E. Wagler: So from the value added perspective Aldo, were actually probably being a little bit light on that, because were just including anything that beyond hot band that theres actually some hot band that I think, lets just say value added as well. So that number really is higher. And so really its just 45% hot-rolled for them and the rest was P&L and cold-rolled and hot-rolled and cold-rolled galvanized.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Okay. Are you using the degasser there very much now?
Mark D. Millett: [Indiscernible].
Aldo Mazzaferro: The vacuum that you look at. The vacuum degasser at Columbus is that the -- like how much utilized was that in the quarter, did you say?
Mark D. Millett: We currently utilized vacuum degassing for approximately 5% of the grades and its development work primarily right now. There are some continuing products, but part of our long going strategy to get more into automotive, we usually device more and more each month.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. And then one follow-up, Theresa. You mentioned something just now about the, you changed your framework in the working capital. Can you say if there was anything unusual in that first quarter big source out of payables and inventory?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, that was really -- those were really changes that we made throughout last year. Aldo, well just have a reemphasis on making sure that were being disciplined in watching what the raw material volumes are, what finished goods volumes are. And theres also been a change at Columbus, and theres probably still some opportunity there just based on how we typically operate versus how Columbus may have operated with their working capital in the past.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. Congratulations on the balance sheet, Theresa.
Theresa E. Wagler: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Yu from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Richard Yu: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning.
Richard Yu: Glenn, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your acquisition plans in the acquisition environment. Maybe given your cash position, what kind of acquisitions are you looking for? What are you seeing in that market? And would you look to increase your position in markets that has been weak such as oil and gas?
Glenn Pushis: I think weve already spoken to the extent of that actually, because again its focused on value add downstream type opportunities. We want to enhance the quality of our margins. We want to see greater pull through volume so that we can at least slow -- mitigate some of the cyclicality of our earnings profile so that we have some higher highs, but higher lows going forward. I think one needs to recognize that were intensely global industry today and that imports are going to be with us forever. And so we need to ensure that our business model tends to insulate us from an import pressure. Additionally again the financial stress in the system is bringing a lot of opportunities to market and we just assess those as they show up and see where some opportunities may or may not align with our long-term plan.
Richard Yu: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing comments.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks Adam, and thanks to all of you that remained on the call for your support of our company. We have an absolutely phenomenal team. I think [indiscernible] how were differentiated as a team and as a business model, weve colossal cash flow generation again in tough times and it will continue. It gives us great opportunity for the future. So again thank you to you all, and to those customers on the line, my sincere thanks for your support. And for the employees on the line, guys and girls stay safe and keep doing what youre doing. Youre making us a special company. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Once again ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our teleconference for today. Thank you for your participation, and have a great and safe day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Unverified Participant Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc. Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank AG (Australia) Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co. Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, January 26, 2016, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tricia Meyers, (00:30) Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Unverified Participant: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the company's operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements about future events that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we refer you to a more detailed form of this statement contained in the press release announcing this earnings call. These predictive statements speak only as of this date, January 26, 2016, and involve many risks and uncertainties related to our businesses and the environment in which they operate, any of which may cause actual results to turn out differently than anticipated. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K under the heading, special note regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors; and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports which we from time to time file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Tricia (2:18), perfectly done  thank you  during your first call. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. I wish each and every one of you health and happiness in 2016. 2015, as we look back, turned out to be a period of considerable challenge. Significant industry shifts took place in the global steel community as both product and raw material prices weakened dramatically and the U.S. became the preferred home for unfairly traded steel. That said, we believe the existing landscape provides a unique opportunity for Steel Dynamics. We are well-positioned with record liquidity, a strong balance sheet, things most others in our industry today cannot say. But before explaining further, I ask Theresa to comment on our results.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Great. Thank you, Mark. Before getting started, I do want to welcome Tricia Meyers. (3:06) She's our Investor Relations Manager. She's just starting. She's been with the company for quite some time, since 2008. And we're very excited to have her on board. So with that, talking a little bit about the results for the full year and for the fourth quarter of 2015. The reality of the excessive, unfairly traded steel imports during the entire year significantly reduced our overall earnings. However, despite this, we again achieved record performance that surpassed our industry peers and we generated record levels of annual cash flow. The year also had other record achievements with the inclusion of Columbus for one full year of operations, which had 8.3 million tons of steel in the year, 13% higher than last year. The fabrication team realized record shipments and operating income, well exceeding 2014's strong performance. And they generated a record $1 billion in cash flow from operations, resulting in record liquidity of $1.9 billion. For the full-year 2015, our adjusted net income was $178 million or $0.74 per diluted share, with adjusted operating income of $398 million. The adjustments include three items. During the first half of the year, we reported $17 million of refinancing fees associated with a $350 million debt repayment, and we recorded charges of $33 million related to idling our Minnesota operations and a significant maintenance outage at Iron Dynamics. The last and most recent item occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015. As indicated in our December 16 guidance, during the quarter, we performed our required annual assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. We concluded that the book value of the segment was impaired, resulting in non-cash goodwill and other related asset impairment charges of $435 million. These results compare to 2014 adjusted net income of $323 million or $1.35 per share, which also excludes certain non-cash charges, as outlined on our supplemental information page. On an unadjusted basis or GAAP basis, 2015 reported net loss was $130 million or $0.54 per diluted share compared to annual 2014 GAAP net income of $157 million or $0.67 per diluted share. Before the non-cash impairment charges, our fourth quarter 2015 net income was $22 million or $0.09 per diluted share, above the range of our adjusted guidance of between $0.03 and $0.07. Our adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $47 million compared to $131 million in the sequential third quarter. Fourth quarter 2015 consolidated revenues were $1.6 billion, 18% lower than the sequential quarter based on the lower steel shipment and average product pricing. For our steel operations, annual 2015 volumes expanded due to our Columbus acquisition, but metal spread meaningfully contracted. Our average annual sales price fell $152 per ton while our average cost of scrap used declined only $105 per ton. As a result, annual steel operating income for our steel operations decreased 41% to $412 million. During the fourth quarter, steel shipments decreased 11%, reduced across all divisions, but most notably in our Flat Roll Group. Imports although lower, customer inventory realignment and seasonality were all contributing factors. Combined with metal spread compression, steel operating income was much lower in the fourth quarter, decreasing 47% to $67 million. Our average sales price per ton decreased $51 while our average cost of scrap used declined $47 in the fourth quarter. For our metals recycling platform, the dramatic drop in global ferrous and non-ferrous commodity prices during 2015 resulted in significant metal spread contraction. Shipments also declined due to both lower domestic steel mill utilization and export demand. As such, prior to the impairment charges, annual 2015 metals recycling operating income decreased $48 million, resulting in a loss of $4 million. During the fourth quarter, metals recycling shipments decreased sequentially based on lower domestic steel mill production utilization and the traditional year-end steel mill scrap inventory reduction. Additionally, sequential quarterly ferrous scrap pricing decreased substantially resulting in a 34% margin reduction. Prior to the impairment charges, fourth quarter 2015 operating losses for the metals recycling segment was $16 million. Our fabrication operations achieved incredible annual operating financial results in 2015, earning record operating income of $116 million with record annual shipments. Full-year EBITDA per ton was also a record at $254, almost double 2014 results of $128 per ton. Steady joist and deck demand in an otherwise typically seasonal slow quarter, combined with market share growth from our recent deck asset acquisition, allowed for a 10% increase in fourth quarter fabrication shipments. Operating income did decline to $30 million from record levels set in 2000  excuse me, set in the third quarter due to some market margin compression as average product pricing decreased more than raw material costs. We continue to see improvement in underlying non-residential construction demand. Good news for all of our businesses as construction sector is the largest domestic steel consumer historically. From a cash flow perspective, we generated record annual cash flows from operations in 2015 of over $1 billion and $924 million of free cash flow after fixed asset capital investments. Annual working capital provided $525 million of funding, mostly related to lower asset value. But aside from any significant appreciation and finished inventory values, we currently don't anticipate a significant reinvestment requirement for the full-year 2016. Even in the fourth quarter environment, our operating framework allowed us to generate meaningful cash from operations of $330 million. We currently estimate 2016 fixed asset capital investments to be between $250 million and $300 million, which includes the $100 million paint line addition at our Columbus Flat Roll Division, which is expected to begin operations the first quarter of 2017. We maintained our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders during the year, which increased by 20% in the first quarter. Our history of sustained and increasing cash dividends demonstrate the confidence that we and our board of directors have in the strength of our cash generation capability, our financial position and optimism concerning our future. As demonstrated throughout 2015 and the years prior, our business model generate strong cash flows in varying market cycles based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations and our diversified product portfolio. Even after decreasing debt in the first quarter and increasing our cash dividends to shareholders, we achieved record liquidity of $1.9 billion at the end of 2015. During the year, we reduced total debt $387 million to $2.6 billion. And due to our free cash flow performance, our net debt decreased $753 million to $1.9 billion. Our 2015 annual adjusted EBITDA was $706 million, resulting in net leverage at the end of the year of 2.7 times. Our credit profile continues to be aligned with our preferred through-cycle net leverage of less than 3 times, a testament to our disciplined approach to capital, growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook is incredibly flexible having no meaningful maturities until 2019. Looking forward, we believe our capital structure and credit profile have the flexibility to not only sustain current operations but to support additional strategic growth investments. Mark?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Thank you, Theresa. Well, safety and welfare of our employees is the priority for our leadership team, and nothing surpasses the importance of creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Our safety performance remains better than the industry average, but our goal remains zero safety incidents. The team has done a great job. Over half of our locations achieved zero recordable injuries in 2015. We reduced our total recordable injury rate by 19%, bringing it to the lowest level ever for our company. My sincere thanks to the entire SDI team for their focus and their dedication. The steel platform team's performed commendably, given the environment. In combination, the ongoing flood of steel imports, customer inventory destocking, and seasonally lower demand pressured steel product pricing, resulting in domestic industry production utilization rates below 65% in the quarter. Commodity-grade hot roll was most negatively impacted. CRU hot roll coil pricing fell almost $100 per ton from September to December, just over a 20% decline. Based on our value-added and diversified product mix, we were able to maintain production utilization for the fourth quarter above 73%. Worthy of note, our flat roll utilization rates bottomed in October and increased meaningfully in November and December. We believe this was a result of the progress achieved thus far from the levy trade cases, coupled with better alignment of supply chain inventory and demand. Despite a material decline in scrap pricing in the quarter, our metal spread contracted only slightly, as average product pricing declined more than our actualized average scrap costs. As production volumes fell, our scrap consumption obviously decreased, resulting in a higher average rifle- (13:26) based for the quarter as scrap flowed through the system. For the fourth quarter, we were probably closer to 1.5 to 2 months scrap cost lag versus our typical one-month lag. We will revert to our more normalized structure during the first quarter. This metal spread compression and lower shipments resulted in significantly lower earnings from our steel operations during the quarter, but progress is occurring across the platform despite these market challenges. The Columbus team is making tremendous progress towards diversifying its product mix and customer base away from energy-related markets and toward the automotive and construction sectors. They've added more than 100 new and valued customers in 2015. Market shifts take time, but our paint line and Galvalume addition on the Columbus campus will be a significant catalyst. I was at the groundbreaking yesterday and the energy, and expectations are high for the community and for our team. The $100 million investment will provide 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and further diversification into higher margin products for Columbus. We already have two paint lines in Galvalume capability in Indiana. And this project allows for higher quality, double-wide steel up to 72 inch wide and access to the southern markets including Mexico. We plan to sell surface-critical, appliance-grade steel as well as construction-related products from their line. We expect to have our first Columbus painted shipments in the first quarter 2017. In the interim, we continue to improve Columbus's operating costs, product portfolio and quality capabilities. During the fourth quarter, Columbus continued to maintain shipments of value-added galvanized steel at rates much higher than compared to earlier in the year. The value-add mix increased to 52% compared to 41% in the first quarter. We continue to see the benefit of collaboration between our Columbus and Butler flat-rolled steel mills. Along with production and process successes since the acquisition, Columbus is focused on implementing significant cost reduction initiatives with many more in the works. We have realized more than $15 million in sustainable annual cost savings through 2015 and identified plans for at least another $15 million in 2016. In addition, we anticipate continued benefit from the progressing product mix shift. Our steel platform also continues to benefit from other organic growth investments that we've made, some of which began contributing in 2015 but should continue to increase momentum in 2016. The $26 million investment in premium rail, the $96 million investment in engineered special bar quality diversification and capacity expansion generally geared toward the automotive industry. This diversification has already facilitated increased mill utilization and cost compression during this current weak heavy equipment and energy demand environment. Also, the $22 million investment for an additional 600,000 tons of annual flat roll pickling capacity in our Butler Division, which will increase value-added sales while deemphasizing commodity-grade hot band. The team began operating the line this month. The metals recycling platform maintained profitability through the three quarters of 2015, but the fourth quarter environment was too caustic, resulting in an operating loss of $16 million prior to the impairment. From September to December, Ferrous Scrap Index price fell another $65 to $75 per ton, about 30%, as weaker demand also drove shipments down 12%. Prime scrap flow remains strong, but lower pricing significantly slowed the flow of obsolete grades. Market dynamics overshadowed the cost reductions and operating efficiencies the team achieved through the year. The recycling environment remains challenging. Many regional players in the industry are either for sale or headed to bankruptcy. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the South (17:40) Eastern United States, continues to constrain margin, as processes are all competing for the same material, a tough challenge for our OmniSource Southeast team. Looking forward, with the expectation of a continued strong U.S. dollar and low scrap export volumes, we anticipate ample scrap supply and don't see drivers for any significant increase in ferrous scrap prices through the year. Market will remain stable. The fabrication platform continues to achieve exceptional performance. Steady demand in an otherwise seasonally slower quarter, combined with increased market share from our recent acquisition of additional deck assets, allowed us to increase fourth quarter shipments by 10%. The fabrication platform recorded strong fourth quarter financial results and achieved record annual 2015 operating income of $116 million, well over twice last year's record of $52 million. As Theresa said, the team is executing on all fronts and doing a absolutely phenomenal job. Since the CSi acquisition, we've already gained market share in deck, achieving 31% in the fourth quarter of the year compared to an average 24% in 2014. Additionally, the acquisition provides an opportunity for increased utilization at the Columbus Flat Roll Division. Over the last three years, the acquired assets averaged over 60,000 tons of annual steel purchases, predominantly galvanized. We plan to source a substantial amount of the steel from Columbus, which will help shift Columbus's product mix and increase their mill utilization. The New Millennium team continues to perform exceedingly well, both in market share gain and leveraging our national footprint. And additionally, I think the strength of this business provides positive insight and for the continued growth of non-residential construction activity. Relative to the macroenvironment, the steel-consuming sectors that were weak in 2015 will likely remain so in 2016, such as energy, heavy equipment and agriculture. However, those that have been strong or recovering are also expected to continue this path, such as automotive and construction. Forecasts for these two largest domestic steel-consuming sectors remain good. Automotive will have continued strength and overall construction spending should continue to improve with additional forecasted growth in 2016. SDI has grown exposure to both of these sectors through our Columbus Flat Roll Division, additional long products production capability and growing fabrication operations. Driven by the strong U.S. dollar, low iron ore cost and global overcapacity, steel imports were 2015's principal headwind. Excessive steel import volume combined with high customer inventory levels limited U.S. steel mill utilization and pressured domestic steel pricing. While SDI's production utilization remains well above our peers and the industry, there's certainly more to be achieved. And we believe the fundamentals are supportive of a continued positive trend in economic growth and for us in the U.S. Additionally, import levels declined in the second half of the year and the trade cases are likely to erode them further. Reduced imports, idling of domestic capacity along with steady demand should create a positive pricing and volume environment that could allow room for some price appreciation in 2016. As raw material prices remain at lower levels and production utilization improves, there's margin expansion opportunity. Importantly, as we typically do, we're not waiting. In order to help insulate ourselves from imports, part of our strategy is to not only develop strong customer relationships but to also manufacture products that are more difficult to compete on a global basis, such as our painted flat-rolled steel, our highly engineered SBQ steel and longer length rail. As such, we are able to mitigate some of the import impact and, with our broad portfolio of value-added products, maintain higher steel mill utilization rates when compared to our peers. Driven to maintain a sustainable, differentiated business, we're focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. In these challenging times, our low, highly variable cost structure, coupled with a highly diversified value-added product portfolio, will continue to generate significant cash flow. This was clearly demonstrated by a cash generation of over $1 billion in 2015. We're uniquely positioned, having a strong capital structure with record liquidity that will allow growth as opportunities will inevitably arise this year. We will concentrate on opportunities that will improve the quality of our margins, with a particular focus on downstream value-added growth to mitigate the impact of imports and the inevitable cyclicality of our business. The strong character and determination of our employees are unmatched. They're a phenomenal group and I'm proud to stand with them. We look forward to creating new opportunities for them, for our customers and our shareholders in the months and years ahead. So, again, thank you for your time today. Thanks for joining us. And Kevin, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today is coming from Tony Rizzuto from Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Happy New Year, Mark, Theresa, Dick, Russ, everybody.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Happy New Year, Tony (23:40).
Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Thank you. I've got a little bit of a cold here. I apologize. Just a couple questions. First of all, in your steel segment, shipments were down sequentially, but it looks like your conversion costs were up somewhat. I wonder if you can provide a little bit of color on that. And then I've got some questions about mix shift, too, that I wanted to ask you.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Regarding the conversion costs, Tony, they were up somewhat across, really, most of the divisions, and that had to do with a couple different things. One was because of the lower volume. There was some additional, I think, maintenance that might have taken place in the fourth quarter as well. But predominantly, it was related to the lower utilization rates.
Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: (24:30), did you have some...
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's okay.
Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Great. And then, Mark, you mentioned that you added over 100  I think I heard you say over 100 new customers in 2015, so congrats on that. And I was wondering, how many of those customers were because of the Columbus acquisition? And are you guys generally seeing OEMs come to you and approach you about significantly changing qualification requirements? They're trying to shorten them up and trying to get more of your product in their doors? How is that playing out? If you could provide some further color there, that would be helpful.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the additional 100 customers, and I was down there yesterday, is actually 120 customers right now, is specifically Columbus, not the company as a whole. I think the team has done an absolute phenomenal job, not only on the cost structure, and I'm sure at some point Chris will speak to that, but the product diversification there has been incredible in a very short period of time. As I've said, we've seen a dramatic increase in value-added product mix there from earlier in the year. Automotive, the automotive team has made, in all honesty, incredible progress on a couple of different fronts. Firstly, as you know, we created our own team to go direct to automotive customers, and that's paying off very, very well. And we're hoping to see about 200,000 tons or so  150,000 to 200,000 tons of auto business emanate from that activity in 2016, and if we're successful, and we will be successful there, that's going to grow dramatically into 2017. So, kudos to the team there. And one area that has helped us there and actually across our platform, also in Engineered Bar, is our financial strength. Obviously, the consumers are getting a little concerned about some of our peers maybe. And they, particularly the Europeans, want to partner with people that are going to be here for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and we're seeing a lot of activity based on that. They like our team. They like that we're innovative and we're rapid, and we can develop things very quickly. And they like the fact that, again, we're going to do more than survive. We're going to grow greater value for them going forward. The Columbus team also is moving to lighter gauge high-strength low-alloy type steels and also X70 and X80 type grades. So, they're expanding their product mix. We've also had great fortune with our existing customer base in our new process, in particular, that they've got a facility on site. And I think, Chris, that activity has increased from to 25,000 (27:39) to 30,000 tons in prior years to about 120,000 tons in 2015. So, our partnering relationships and our consistency of commercial approach, I think, is paying huge dividends down there. And then the paint line and the Galvalume expansion is only going to accentuate that, it brings 250,000 tons or so of construction-type painted products, HVAC, appliance grades, surface-critical materials. So, the team is doing an absolutely phenomenal job there from my perspective.
Anthony Rizzuto - Cowen & Co. LLC: Congrats on the progress there. And just you piqued my interest, you made a comment during your remarks about opportunities as they might open up this year because of the financial stress you alluded to and your comments about how some of your customers are getting increasingly concerned. In addition to bolt-ons and maybe looking further downstream, would you be averse to looking if there are some opportunities that could open up, say, in the upstream area, in the mill side? Or should we think about opportunities in addition to organic, the more acquisitive opportunities continue to be more bolt-on type?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, obviously, the environment is somewhat challenging for some of our peers. And the team, as you heard, did an absolute phenomenal job last year in performing in a tough environment. I think generating over $1 billion of cash just demonstrates the strength of our business model and the phenomenal job our guys and girls did. It put us into a phenomenal position. We've got record liquidity. We've got a lot of cash. We're healthy and in a position to grow. And we still have, if needed, access to capital markets because of all that, whereas many of our  some of our peers perhaps will struggle there. From an allocation perspective, because I think, Tony, that's kind of where you're headed there, we have said in the past and would like to continue a positive profile on our dividend. We have focused internally and looking at organic opportunities and there's some incredibly positive value creation, very efficient, effective use of CapEx through some organic growth projects. We have somewhere around 400,000 tons, maybe 500,000 tons of excess hot metal capacity at Columbia City, our Structural and Rail Division that we can leverage. The team has been working on the imbalance in hot metal and downstream production at Roanoke, so there's some upside there. And Steel West Virginia has a somewhat old melt (30:53) caster environment which we can, I think, improve on in some way, shape or form going forward. And then there are obviously just the innovative tweakings that our guys seem to continually come up with. We got a smaller hot-rolled galv line expansion potential uplift. It's just a myriad of smaller projects that the guys just continue to come up with to create value and diversify our product mix even more. On the acquisitional side, again, the industry's in stress. Our main focus is in improving the quality of our margin, the profitability of our business, and I think that speaks more downstream than sort of back-stream. So, value add, downstream processing, things that mitigate our  the cyclicality of our business, things that will mitigate perhaps the import  situational import pressure that will be with us forever at some level.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matthew Korn from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Matt.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Matt.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So on the steel operation side, we've seen industry capacity utilization numbers up from the December trough, but they're still low. I'm curious, now that we're about quarter to the quarter, is the velocity of orders that you're getting from buyers meaningfully improved? Have the buyers kind of pulled out of their deflationary expectations that had set in for so long? And overall, is the seasonality of demand, maybe even ex energy, is that following the normal track, in your view, or are things still fairly fragile?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think there's positive momentum, generally. I'm sure Dick can speak to some of it, but the inventory overhang, there's continued destocking there and it's becoming imbalanced. It's still relatively high, particularly in hot band. But in coated products, in coated (33:10) sheet, I think it's getting into a good position. And you speak to a seasonal uptick. I think we're seeing that as well. But the  we suffered in, I think it was October and November was where we took a real hit to volumes, and we were just talking this morning. In the last two weeks  Chris, the last two weeks of December, Columbus took 330,000 tons...
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: (33:39)
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Of orders. Quite a flip. For some time the customer base has been concerned as to where raw material pricing might go. There's  consumer confidence out there, just from the global sort of geopolitical environment is a cloud. Once they saw stability in raw materials, I think they came back to market. So, our lead times have been stretching out. They are weakest in hot band. And again, there's still a lot of inventory out there. But lead time I think in Butler and Columbus is in the two weeks to probably stretching to three weeks. Still, we keep it no longer than four weeks in any event. But of all the products, hot band is probably the softest. On cold roll sheet and coated, I sense a tightness forming in that arena. I think it's a combination of  the automotive arena is strong. So, the integrated mills got a relatively good order book. Construction continues to come back. There's some destocking going on. And we have some relief from the trade cases and erosion of import levels. So, that's timing, and we're about five weeks at Columbus. We're over six weeks at Butler. And at Techs, we're about six weeks to seven weeks out. So, that arena, I think, is  again, I sense a tightness growing there and that obviously gives the ability for some further price appreciation. You may see a strange  I saw it in the American Metal Market this morning, but we are seeing two slight diversions of the typical spread between hot band and other products. I think hot band, near term, will be kind of flattish, whereas as I said, corro sheet and coated are likely to appreciate.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. That's actually very helpful. Let me switch over quickly to fabrication and tell me if this isn't the right way to think about it. But could you describe what would be your order backlog today relative to your current staffing levels, maybe compared to where you were a year ago? In other words, do you have 8 weeks, 10 weeks of work pending, 12 weeks, 4 weeks  again, if that's a reasonable way of comparison? And then you've mentioned that you still expect non-residential growth, construction growth for 2016. On terms of a rate, do you think that we're going to pick up from last year? Are things softening from last year? Have you seen any kind of new activity spurred on by the lower prevailing prices at all, anything like that?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you're comparing backlog from early in the year to the end of the year, one has to be a little careful because the productivity of the teams up there have done  the improvement in productivity has just been phenomenal. Chris, do you want to speak to the backlog?
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: I'd say, year-over-year, we have seen a change. We're going into  or we're in the middle of a quarter with a stronger backlog in this quarter than we had at this time last year. As far as our capacity, we did not have to add too much capacity in 2015, which is kind of remarkable given our results. That's more leveraging our existing capacity to a greater extent, occasionally working some overtime. We have a lot of flexibility in that regard. So, with about the same staffing, we were probably at  all of our backlog is about 12 weeks. And our backlog is always about 12 weeks out, it just depends on how large that backlog is, because that's a typical life cycle of a project for us. But we were soft last first quarter. First quarter, I think, was our lowest volume. This year, it's up substantially, Mark, everybody is running full. We've seen no seasonal downtime yet. That's always in the offing in February and March, depending on weather. But right now, things are steady.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Super. And I know we spoke about it already, but just to emphasize, the CSi acquisition, relatively small for us, perhaps, but very good value, and it's already paying great dividends. The deck share increased from beginning of the year at 24% to 31% at the end of the year, I think, is testament to the decision that the team made there.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Chris, Mark. Best of luck for the rest of the quarter.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from the line of Chris Terry from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank AG (Australia): Hi, guys. I just got a couple. Maybe for Theresa, on the balance sheet. So following a good year where you had some wins on the working capital side, can you dig into some more details around the opportunities perhaps on the accounts receivable and the inventory throughout 2016, and how we should think about the free cash flow and working capital positions towards the end of the year?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Certainly. As we look at 2016, from a working capital perspective, the premise for us is that we think raw materials, specifically scrap, are going to stay pretty flat throughout the year on an annual basis. And with that, we really do try to manage our inventories to less than four weeks on hand at our steel mills. So we don't expect a big working capital funding requirement on the raw material side of the equation. So then you're really looking at finish goods and accounts receivable. From a finish goods perspective, we also traditionally produce to ship. There's only certain inventories that we keep at our bar mills and our structural mills. And so with that, if there's any significant appreciation in price or value, there'll be some funding requirements, but otherwise, we don't see that changing materially either. And from a receivable standpoint, we're pretty comfortable with our DSOs. There's always room for improvement, but the expectation right now is that working capital in 2016 shouldn't require, on an annual basis, a great deal of additional investment.
Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank AG (Australia): Okay. Thanks very much. And then Mark, you touched on it in that last answer, but what would you expect then throughout the year on that gap between HRC and the CRC, without giving too much detail, but I think we're at about $140 to $160 per short ton at the moment as opposed to a normal $100 to $120 margin. Do you think it can blow out beyond that or do you think that's a sort of quantum that we should expect throughout the year?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think it will expand beyond the range today for sure. Dick, what do you think?
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: I think there'll be pressure on it. I think there's always boundaries, but I think under this current environment, you're right.
Chris Terry - Deutsche Bank AG (Australia): Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Evan Kurtz from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Hope you had a nice holiday.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Wonderful. Thank you.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just maybe one on the FIFO. You mentioned that you had one and a half to two months of lag on your scrap costs in the fourth quarter when everything was coming down. Any way to quantify exactly how much that actually hurt in the fourth quarter, either in dollar per ton basis or just kind of overall?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I haven't personally quantified it. But I guess off the top of the head, no.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. That would be very difficult for us to quantify right at this time. So we'll just pass on that question.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So I have another one. How about strategic options at the metals recycling business? I mean, it's  I know it was a very difficult quarter in the fourth quarter with prices falling so quickly. But is there anything you can do there as far as trimming some operations to maybe boost profitability in that business?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Russ can chip in with some detail, but the softness in the fourth quarter, obviously driven by reduced ferrous margins, not just ferrous margins, but non-ferrous as well. But if you just look at the year, it's a tough environment when you have a progressively down-trending commodity market in every segment: copper, nickel, aluminum and ferrous. When you start the year, I don't know, $380 a ton or so, and you end the year at $160-$180. The recycling business, historically, has earnings capability in volatility, not just a consumer downward trend. So, that certainly impacted the year as a whole and the fourth quarter. And I would suggest -we already mentioned that the market is somewhat stable going forward through 2016. That unto itself should give that team some help, but Russ?
Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Evan, thank you for the question. Again, I think in more specific details, in 2015, we continues to try to mold our business around what markets are available. So, in 2015, during that prolonged downturn in market prices, we did idle or shut down, I think, 19 plants, locations across the platform. We also idled a couple of shredders to try to balance out the flow and the demand that comes through. Again in scrap business, we're flowing material through on a constant basis. And so as Mark talked about, that constant downturn does not give us a chance to pause or catch back up. So we're always trying to catch that falling knife.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And maybe on that, what's your kind of near-term outlook for scrap?
Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think  again, I think as Mark and Theresa both stated, Evan, I think we're seeing flat  in pretty range bound -- in a pretty flat environment for the year, again, after a more than 50% price decrease in 2015, we think we've kind of found a bottom point. Again, there will be some volatility, but we don't expect gross ups or gross downs. So, again, our view is that it is a pretty flattish environment for 2016.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thanks for taking my question. It is related to the commentary regarding moving up the value chain, et cetera. I know traditionally, historically, Steel Dynamics has been more  has operated more in the  sort of in the spot end of the business, spot as compared to contract. Can you remind us your current mix between spot and contract, number one? Number two, how that may change in 2016? And number three, of the contract business, how much actually reprices on a calendar year basis? Thanks.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, when we talk of contract business, those are not fixed price contracts. They are index  they're volume contracts against the index. So, as the product pricing sort of ebbs and flows, the pricing changes with it, but we're not locked into fixed pricing all year. I wouldn't say none, there's a few tons, but absolutely (46:42) meaningful in the scheme of things.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: And even those contracts, we don't have lots of those. Many of them we work with scrap buybacks and we have many types of arrangements. And so I would tell you we have a host of them. So, we've had to adapt ourselves. You ask how will we be changing in 2016. As we move up the value chain, as you pointed out, dealing with automotive, dealing with off-road heavy equipment and so forth, they have different expectations. We've tried to modify those expectations to fall more in line with our comfort levels. Some have been more willing than others to adapt towards our direction. Some have been surprisingly pleased with the results of some changes in our direction, and some we just can't get there with. But I think overall, there's always two parties that are satisfied, and we don't have long-term fixed contracts at all.
David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. So, generally speaking, should we expect a meaningful shift in volume tied to  whether  obviously, there's pass-throughs for scrap, but volumes tied to either a fixed margin or price in 2016 versus 2015, or very consistent versus 2015, you would say?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I would say that generally, it'd be consistent.
David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're pretty happy with the balance between those volume commitments versus the spot market. And to emphasize Dick's point, because I think it's a critical point, because it's a changing paradigm maybe. But this past year, when automotive pricing, we don't know for sure, but automotive pricing probably on a fixed basis was in the $600-ish (48:50) range. When we see our perspective customers in that arena, see the positive impact of a CR-based index, and with us, they saved in the spot world considerable money. I think you're going to see that paradigm actually change for the auto industry, personally.
David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. Just remind us again, on the $100 million investment in Columbus on the paint line, as we get out to 2017, what's the combination of volume and a rough rule of thumb on a sort of a margin expansion expectation for that investment?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, the volume is  the paint line has the capability of doing 250,000 tons annually. And then, we also have the capability of Galvalume as well, which could start a little bit earlier than the paint line. But the paint line's expected to start in the first quarter of 2017. Traditionally, we sometimes talk in payback periods, and the idea around the paint line is that much like a lot of our other projects, that payback period is around a 24-type month payback period...
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: Two years to three years.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...two to three years. So, we're very comfortable there. And if you look at our product portfolio across the company, painted flat roll is really our highest margin or very close to our highest margin product across the entire company landscape. So, it should be meaningful for Columbus.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: And as we grab that last 300,000 or 400,000 tons of capacity at the current design, we think allows for  that will just be some vanilla hot band that won't be sold. But 250,000 tons will be sold as painted, that would otherwise maybe be sold as a vanilla plain hot band.
David Francis Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Timna Tanners from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Happy 2016.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow up on the automotive discussion. I thought it was a really interesting point about the concern over the financial strength of some of your competitors. But I hadn't heard you talk as much about automotive in the past, so can you remind us like what applications you're targeting? I know Columbus at one point was looking at exterior automotives before you bought them. Is that still on your target? And how big, either on a percent or absolute value, could auto become over the next several years for Steel Dynamics?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we have always been a reasonably large player in automotive. Obviously not anything close to the integrated mills, but relative to our electric-arc furnace-based peers. Butler, for instance, is around about 30%, 32% of its product mix has been for a long time going into automotive. Supply chain, different there, where we've used processes to be the conduit into that business, whereas, we are  we're going to retain and keep those relationships. At the same time, the automotive consumers have a mill direct buy or business, which is substantial. And so we're targeting that mill directly through our automotive team of eight folks that we brought on.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: (52:42)
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And as I said, they've been doing a phenomenal job. The addition of Columbus gives us some better product capabilities. Obviously, the width, 72-inch wide helps. And it also allows us to get into some of the  not all, but some of the high-strength low-alloy-type products for automotive. We are not targeting exposed. There's plenty of steel on a car, on a vehicle, on a truck that doesn't need the super surface-critical qualities that maybe an integrated producer can provide.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And if you had a percent or any more quantification, that would be great. I wanted to change gears to the trade cases, because you are the first of the mills in the U.S. to host your conference call. And the numbers that came out, at least in the preliminary results, so far, have been  aside from Chinese galvanized, have been kind of small in terms of the damages awarded? So, I just wanted to get your sense, you did say in your prepared remarks that the trade cases should help keep imports lower than they have been. But in light of what we've seen so far, what gives you that conviction or what do you expect to see happen?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Just one follow-up from your original question, Timna. The aim for automotive coming out of Columbus, we'd like to grow that business to about 400,000 to 500,000 tons a year. Dick, do you want to talk the trade?
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: Sure. I'll just make some real quick observations that  from a timing perspective, we have preliminary rulings on the corrosion-resistant on both the antidumping and countervailing, and that the final determinations, we asked them to be aligned as an industry. And those would come out middle of May. The ITC will likely rule on final injury in July. Just why would the industry ask for the alignment of the two to determine final determinations by the DOC? That would be because we think that not all the information was taken into account, we believe that like the findings in Taiwan on Galvalume and so forth weren't necessarily correct, and to give the Department of Commerce more time to review the information that was submitted to fairly evaluate it and possibly revise the information upon review, and so therefore we believe there's a better value coming there. I think the most important thing on both the CVDs and the AD that we could say, to date, is that when you look at the percentages, huge percentages on the Chinese, 255% on the AD and 235% on six firms on the CVDs. 28% to 34% of the total imports of coated products came from China, and the lowest pricing was driven by the Chinese products. And so by taking out really a non-market-driven competitor, I think it's a tremendous advantage to the rest of the market and to all of us in the domestic field. The others, you have India at 12%  and again, the Chinese, that was a million tons of coated products. And if you take a million tons out of that coated products market, that's just  1 million tons, that's a jump ball for others. Again, not all are going to get captured by the domestic market, but it's available to other suppliers. India, 12%, 400,000 tons, 400,000  and these are metric tons. So it's even bigger as we talk available to us. Again, 7%, 5%, the most, again just on CVs, you get another 6% to 7% on ADs. Again, they're driven by profit. So you add those together, that's 13%, 14% on top of  that comes out of their profit. And so, they have to be driven by a question, am I here to make a profit or not. And if they're not here just for creating employment in their home state, then they will have to make hard choices, do they really want to participate in this market versus growing somewhere else. I mean I could go through all of these, I don't know we want to take the time. But you got cold-rolled that's going to have a preliminary AD coming in February. You got hot-rolled, the preliminary AD in March. And we've asked for alignment on all of those final determinations again to give the Department of Commerce plenty of time. So those will be coming; cold-rolled in July 15 and hot-rolled in July 29, and the ITC will rule in August and September on those respectively. So, again, you take out the bad apples in each case. Whenever anyone is really looking to make a profit here, I tell you that 6% or 7% on either countervailing or dumping and you add those together, you get 10%, 15%, 20%. That's a real disincentive to be in this market. And these are big tons, so it provides our sales people an opportunity to get out and get moving in the catch room (58:53).
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And if you look at the  just the market generally, imports early in the year, around about 34% of our domestic consumption. Yeah, that eroded to about 30% in the fourth quarter, with a lot more activity to be determined here in this month, next month. So, we strongly predict that imports will continue to erode. Will they get back down to 21% or 23% in the near term? Probably not. But again, you knock 1 million tons here and 1 million tons there out of the marketplace, that is meaningful. And yes, there's the old Whack-A-Mole game, you totally shut China out, but maybe Vietnam is growing a little bit here and there, and you're getting some tons substituted elsewhere. But to Dick's point, you have counter [countervailing] duty and antidumping, you may think 15% relative to 200% against China is small, but these products are selling  they're not hot band products, they're coated and painted, so they're selling at $600 to $700 a ton, 10% to 15%, that's $90 to $100 impact. And as we talked to our larger  I won't name names  but several of our very large processing customers out there, they also anecdotally indicate to us that these are meaningful duties and will erode the import number.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Phil.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I had a question on just the SBQ business, and I know there are some out there that price that business on an annual basis with annual, call it, contract prices. Any sense to  any sense you could provide us as to how much of that business may be more on an annual contract reset? Because I know you typically are commercially a bit more nimble than maybe some others.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, Phil, from that perspective, you're right, we're much more spot-focused. So what you would consider a truly annual reset on base pricing, aside from obviously we have the alloy and the scrap surcharges and whatnot, we would say that maybe about 25% to 30% of our volume, and that did price down somewhat heading into 2016, but we still have a lot of opportunity on the spot side of the equation and just on volume in total. And that kind of 25%  20% to 25% is based on 2015 volumes not on capacity, which obviously capacity is a lot higher than that at 950,000 tons.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then second, just real quickly for Dick. The downstream products like cold-rolled and galv have made their way incrementally higher relative to hot-rolled, I know, Mark, you had talked a little bit about that earlier in the call, but is there more  does that invite more import on that side if that gets too far out of whack relative to hot-rolled? Thanks.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: It always has the opportunity if it gets out of alignment. And so I would tell you that I think right now, there's an opportunity for, as we said earlier, some more expansion, but it can't go stupid. So we're  everyone's very conscious of it and I think our sales people are working very hard in trying to find where that fine line is.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Michael will (1:03:14)
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Aldo Mazzaferro from Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen and Theresa.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: Morning (1:03:25)
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Aldo.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Tricia. (1:03:26)
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah. And sorry, Tricia (1:03:29). And I like the business philosophy, don't do anything stupid. Okay. In terms of the scrap business, can I just ask, the numbers were actually better than I expected given the major drop. And I'm wondering, you must've at least kept pace with the decline in pricing on your input cost. Would you say that's fair or do you think you trailed it somehow?
Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer: Aldo, I would tell you, you can't keep complete pace with it, that's the problem with a falling market. What you think you're getting ahead today, you get slammed at the next market turn. We kept fair pace with it but it was virtually impossible last year to try to get out in front of it and try to make a headway on it. So I think us and the entire industry, I'm sure you've seen the entire industry is struggling, as Mark talked about earlier.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes. So if you go  if you take this forward a couple  like a quarter or two and you see a sideways pattern and you probably gain back some of that stuff you missed on the spread, right, going forward next couple of quarters?
Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think we've got an opportunity. We've got an opportunity  as Mark said earlier, in a volatile market, one that moves up and down, provides best opportunity for the guys in the scrap business. But after last year, I'll take a flat market all day long.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: So, Russ, does this opportunity  Mark mentioned how the regional competitors are either for sale or are on the way to bankruptcy, do you see this as an opportunity to increase your stake at all in the scrap business, or do you think the opposite, or not all?
Russell B. Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer: No, I'll  I would say our teams are very busy in trying to secure business where those opportunities arise. Again, I think just like Mark alluded to or talked to about earlier the strong financial condition of our company, certainly, that bears in mind when you've got people who are generating scrap that want to get paid. And so we certainly use that leverage to try to help get the right kind of business for us for the long term. And our teams have done a great job. They've been very active in trying to do what's right for us in the long term.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I think the emphasis there would be the focus on secure business, not necessarily assets.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The industry obviously is going through incredible financial stress. If you read  if one reads the American Metal Market, literally, every single morning, there are two or three scrap yards, scrap organizations either idling, going bankrupt, selling. I mean, it's a stressed, stressed, stressed industry. You might see us on a very small basis, on a very regional basis, pick up a small asset here and there, but I'm talking small, small dollars, not huge.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: (1:06:40) I'm sorry.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And you may see us also  and you may also see us strengthen our abilities around the Columbus mill to provide some security there. But we're not in a big -- let's roll the scrap industries up and consolidate.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Could I ask one more question? In terms of your  if you look across your assets, across all the company assets, can you say which mills might be underutilized today because of the fact that they're ramping up new equipment and bringing that equipment to full utilization, compared to how many mills would you say are underutilized because of demand reasons at this point?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're talking about SDI mills now?
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah, across SDI. I'm thinking you've obviously got the engineered bars that are coming up, you probably have some rail coming up. I'm wondering how much of your capacity utilization might reflect the fact that you've invested in new capacity and then bringing that on to the market as opposed to just plain and simple demand weakness?
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: I'll take a stab at that and then Mark can clean up where I might have missed, but I'll start from the East and work my way west and south. But Roanoke is not running full because of market. We run short both on  we have excess both melt and excess  we used to have more billet sales as well as merchant sales, but because of the imports, we are lacking a little bit of both. So that's the market. Steel in West Virginia actually runs very full on both of their mills. As Mark alluded, we're actually melt short and so they do get billets from Roanoke, and so they're not lacking anything from an output perspective from the mills, so they're running full. The Techs could use some more business, but as we see a strengthening in the galvanized, and we're product  we're diversifying the product there, so forth, and we have Galfan product that will  had record tons last year, we're going to look for bigger tons this year, that's a matter of market acceptance. And we're also expanding our capabilities. We're looking at maybe making some improvements at MetalTech which has been sometimes the weakest. And so therefore, we're looking at making a little bit of more capacity there. I come here, Butler, as Mark mentioned, we just started pickling on our push-pull pickle line last week. And if we had that running stronger, we would be pulling more hot band tons through there because we have  we're backlogged amazingly in front of the pickle line. And so, we have more capacity running through. And as Mark alluded, then we have some other projects in tow that will put more value-added product through Butler, now that we have the pickling capacity in-house, and so that's  Butler stands to improve. Columbia City has the capacity to do more tons, the No. 1 mill, the heavy-section mill and rail mill runs full. I think right now, railroads are  Class 1 railroads are cutting back somewhat on their capital projects. I think some of that's energy-related, so forth. They're still pulling, I think, their maintenance is fine but I think their capital is a little bit weaker. But we'll see non-residential, I think, continue to improve. So, the No. 1 mill, the heavy-section mill is full. The No. 2 mill, the medium-section mill, struggles to ever  we haven't filled it up ever. We have two to three crews there. The third crew bounces back and forth between rolling the mill and going out to rail welding, now wherever they're most efficiently utilized. So, that's some capacity that's yet to be used. And Mark has also mentioned that we have more melting and capacity there, they do send some blues (1:11:11) to Steel West Virginia based on whatever Steel West Virginia needs are. Dropping down to Pittsboro, as a market, that has been weakened by  even automotive is strong, we all know agriculture, off-road, you name it, forgers, there's a lot of opportunity to improve that. We made a great investment in our smaller section, the 14-inch mill as we call it, has kept that utilization up, making small bars, precision bars, great acceptance in the marketplace. And if market recovers, we're prepared for it. We don't run our melt shop there during the day Monday through Fridays due to higher power costs. We make up for it on off-peak and weekends and so forth. And we really are -- stand ready to pound that if we want to and when the market recovers. And then you have now Columbus, and you've heard enough about that...
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Right.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: That we're growing that market through customers. So, that's the utilization and we're  we stand ready to fill up wherever we can, and very little of it's equipment. Just probably, as I mentioned, we really only have Butler as the one that  and that's not anyone's fault; we just started last week.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in aggregate, Aldo, we  the steel team has done a phenomenal job growing its capabilities, I would tell you, over the last five years since 2008. And we still have more than 2 million tons of what I call peak capacity that -- we've never had a steel-consuming environment in which to totally exploit that. So, our capabilities today are so much ahead of our prior peak, it's untrue.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Well, thanks so much. It's an excellent rundown. Thank you very much.
Richard P. Teets - Director, President & COO-Steel Operations: Take care, Aldo.
Operator: Okay. Your next question today is coming from Justine Fisher from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. I know it's been a long call, so I just have one question for Theresa. As far as the potential acquisition opportunities that you guys are looking at, are most of the opportunities that you're seeing in a range that could be financed with cash or are more of the opportunities big enough such that they would require coming to the capital markets?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, first of all, we're in a unique position that the capital markets are a bit messy right now, but we believe that we're one of the few that still have access, which is important and a good thing, so we see that just improving throughout the rest of the year. But I think that we're looking at all ranges of potential growth. and so with that, were we to need to access capital markets, we believe we have the ability to do so. If not, the cash generation you've seen is pretty significant. With over $700 million of cash on the balance sheet, we've got quite a capacity just with that in and of itself. But for meaningful long-term investments, we like to use the capital markets, as appropriate, to invest long term.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So it could be something in the kind of high hundred millions, billion dollar range there?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think everything's on the table.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: Theresa, while we had a question on  sorry.
Operator: No. Please proceed.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: I'm sorry. This is Chris. I just wanted to report on our Columbus acquisition. We owed some answers or some information to the team. Just an update. When we contemplated the Columbus Division, we had about  identified about $30 million in what you might call non-operating cost savings opportunities that might have been power renegotiations, headcounts, things like that. We identified about $15 million in 2015 which we capitalized on. About another $15 million or so in 2016 is on the horizon. Those kind of pale in  we have a unique incentive program for our folks that stresses not only quality production, but also cost of conversion. And the savings in 2015 that we realized in conversion costs are multiples of the numbers we talked about in non-operational. More non-operational opportunities in 2016. We're nowhere near Butler's cost structure in some departments. So another big opportunity for multiples of that number in 2016. So I just wanted to report that the plan's coming through and the Columbus folks are executing well.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I guess what you're saying is that $30 million in total synergies pales in comparison to the opportunity in conversion cost and market share shift.
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: That would have made for a shorter call.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Thank you. All right. Kevin, we can go with the next question.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question today is coming from the line of Garrett Nelson from BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, everyone. Great quarter from a free cash flow perspective. Could you talk a little bit more about some of the uses of cash we should expect in 2016 in addition to the CapEx increase from the paint line project and the potential acquisition opportunities that you talked about in the past? It looks like you've typically raised your quarterly dividend in the second quarter. Is this something we should expect again this year? And is debt paydown a priority or are you comfortable with your current leverage ratios, given the strong cash flow and record-high liquidity?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think from a net leverage basis, we're about 2.7 times, so that's under our, say, hurdle of three to 4 (1:17:13) relatively comfortable there. That's not to say we wouldn't take advantage going forward. From a dividend perspective, we have  or you've seen a, what we call, a positive profile but an improvement or an increase sort of year-over-year. Last year was a big step-up, 20% or so, and that was really a reflection of the acquisition of Columbus and the step-up in natural cash flow from that asset. So, I would not suggest that when we say a positive profile, you're going to see 20% every year. But I would suggest that the positive profile will hopefully remain intact going forward. We've got substantial cash flow generation as you saw last year, and our business model will continue to provide the ability for that dividend payment.
Garrett Scott Nelson - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is a follow-up from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. I just had a question on capital allocation, Theresa, approaching $800 million in cash right now. Your debt maturities are pretty well laddered, CapEx under control. Any thoughts on what the hierarchy of capital allocation is at this point, and how we should be thinking about deployment? Thanks.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think from the team's perspective, and Mark can kick me under the table if he disagrees, but growth, we believe, is still going to drive the greatest value to the shareholder, and so, especially in this environment when things are pretty weak for our peers, to wait and watch to see what assets might become available. And then also on the organic side, we mentioned several projects where we have extra melting capacity that we want to utilize. So that tends to be very capital efficient. So I think that's our primary focus. And then obviously, we have the positive dividend profile. We have additional, potential debt reduction which you're right, the maturity ladder is really flexible for us from the long-term great rate perspective. But we evaluate all different aspects of returning value to shareholders. But I would say that's the hierarchy. Mark, do you agree?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Totally. We continually assess options. I would tell you that the current environment is certainly unique, I think, in most of our short lifespan as an industry. But it's going to be an interesting year, interesting 18 months. And I think it's a case of a good time to keep one's gunpowder dry. Be patient, because I think there's going to be  there are already tremendous opportunities  tremendous, I take that back. There are already a myriad of opportunities coming to market. And I think the focus needs to be being prudent and patient, and waiting for those opportunities that will really, really improve our margin profile and not just take the first thing that comes down the road, so to speak.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's truly helpful. I appreciate it. And the last one, and I'll take off. If you had to guess right now, Mark, would you expect your steel utilizations to be better in the first quarter than the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Utilization, yes. I think the  for the first quarter, volumes will be improved. I think margins will  one needs to realize that there's going to be a carry-through pricing. We do have index pricing. So the contract pricing will carry through into January through December, so that's going to mute things a little bit. But no, volumes, utilization definitely will improve.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Millet for any closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Super. Well, for those on the line, we certainly appreciate your support. And we continue to say that we are incredibly and uniquely positioned in our industry. Our business model has paid off. We have and will continue to generate a strong cash flow in these difficult times. We have, as I said earlier, a couple million tons of latent capacity to exploit over the year. We have inorganic opportunities. We have certainly organic opportunities to improve. Columbus continues to do a phenomenal job, we expect great things there. And as we've discussed, I think there are going to be opportunities available for sort of acquisitional growth as well, we just need to be careful and make sure they're the right ones. But we're excited. Even in a tough environment, we all get excited every day to come to work. We've got a phenomenal team and we're supported by phenomenal customers. And we certainly appreciate your support, too. So thank you. Have a great day and be safe.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. Have a great and safe day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director-Investor Relations Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc. Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President-Metals Recycling
Analysts: Tony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC Matthew James Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc. Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian Hsien Yu - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John C. Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research LLC Justine B. Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co. David A. Lipschitz - CLSA Americas LLC Matt Murphy - UBS Securities Canada, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 20, 2015 and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mrs. Owen.
Marlene Owen - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Manny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' third quarter 2015 financial results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the company's operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; and Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the safe harbor protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date today, October 20, 2015, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics' website and our Form 10-K Annual Report, under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed Forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Marlene, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. 2015 continues to be an interesting challenge. But as often said, in adversity there is opportunity, and I think at least for those that have prepared for it. Significant industry shifts have taken place in both the global steel community, in raw material and product pricing, as well as recent preliminary trade case advancement. But before exploring our thoughts regarding the domestic steel landscape and how Steel Dynamics is uniquely positioned for growth, I ask Theresa to comment on the third quarter financial results. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, everyone. Before I begin, one quick note. Consistent with how we're now managing the business, we've made a change to our reporting segment. The segment that we previously referred to as metals recycling and ferrous resources has been changed to just Metals Recycling. The previous segment included not only our metals recycling, our OmniSource operations, but also our two iron-making initiatives and another small 55% owned joint venture. Beginning with our third quarter earnings report, our Metals recycling segment will now only include OmniSource results. Iron Dynamics has been moved to our Steel segment, as 100% of its output is used at our Butler Flat Roll Division and the impact of Minnesota and the JV have been moved to other. The supplemental quarterly information reflects this change for all periods presented. For your convenience, we've also posted the quarterly 2013 and 2014 historical data in this format on our website, under Investors' Supplemental Financial Information. Now regarding our third quarter 2015 financial results. Net income was $61 million or $0.25 per diluted share, just above our guidance of between $0.20 and $0.24. These results compared to sequential adjusted second quarter 2015 net income of $53 million or $0.22 per diluted share and reported GAAP results of $32 million or $0.13 per diluted share. Third quarter 2015 consolidated revenues were $2 billion, approximately 3% less than the second quarter 2015 results, based on lower pricing and a 12% decline in external fair shipments from our metals recycling operations as well as lower steel shipments from our Flat Roll Group. Operating income was $131 million, compared to adjusted second quarter results of $120 million, representing a 9% improvement based on improved Steel margins and record setting Fabrication performance. For the third quarter of 2015, Steel shipments remained relatively unchanged at 2.2 million tons as the 4% decrease in our Flat Roll Group shipments were basically offset by a slight improvement in our Long Product operations. Despite slightly lower shipments, operating income increased as both average sales pricing and scrap cost improved in the quarter. Our average sales price increased $3 per ton, while our average cost of scrap used declined $3 per ton. As we indicated during our second quarter conference call, we expect the Steel imports to moderate in the third quarter and they did decline. However, higher customer inventories combined with continued high albeit decreased imports continued to cause downward pressure on steel prices especially in the Flat Roll arena. For our metals recycling platform, total third quarter 2015 ferrous shipments were relatively unchanged from the second quarter, however, internal shipments increased, 10% representing 59% as our total ferrous volume. Ferrous metal spread contracted 14% as the cost of procuring unprocessed material increased while selling values decreased. Additionally, although our non-ferrous shipments increased, non-ferrous metal spread declined 20%, as both copper and aluminum index prices fell in the quarter. As a result, our Metals Recycling operations third quarter operating income decreased meaningfully to a profit of $463,000 compared to $12.3 million in the second quarter of 2015. Our Fabrication operations continue to provide terrific results. The positive momentum in underlying non-residential construction demand, combined with our national presence and stellar customer service, resulted in another quarter of record performance metrics. Third quarter 2015 record operating income from our Fabrication platform was $37 million, 30% higher than their previous record achieved just last quarter. Record operating income per ton was $285, over 13% higher than second quarter performance. I'd also like to congratulate the Fabrication team on the acquisition of additional steel decking facilities from consolidated systems, which closed on September 14. The purchase price was $45 million, including net working capital of approximately $30 million, resulting in what we believe is a transaction price below fixed asset replacement value. Great job from the team. We incurred approximately $1.3 million of cost associated with the acquisition in the third quarter, most of which is included in non-segment operations within the Supplemental Quarterly Financial Table and with that other expense from the Consolidated Income Statement. We continue to see improvement in underlying non-residential construction demand, good news for all of our businesses as the construction sector historically is almost the largest domestic steel consumer. During the third quarter 2015, we continued to generate significant cash flow from operations of $164 million. Operational working capital was essentially unchanged and required $7 million in funding. Third quarter capital investments totaled $30 million. We estimate annual 2015 capital expenditures to be in the range of $120 million. Our preliminary estimate for full year 2016 capital investments is in the range of $250 million to $300 million, which includes the $100 million paint line addition at our Columbus Flat Roll Division that is expected to start operations in the first quarter 2017. Year-to-date 2015, we've generated $708 million of cash flow from operations and after CapEx, $622 million of free cash flow. We've maintained our quarterly cash dividends to shareholders which increased by 20% in the first quarter this year. Our history of increased quarterly dividend continues to demonstrate evidence of the confidence our Board of Directors have in the strength of our cash generation capability, financial position and optimism concerning our future. As demonstrated during the first nine months of 2015, throughout market cycles, our business model generates strong cash flow, based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations. Even after deleveraging our balance sheet and increasing cash dividends to shareholders beginning with the first quarter this year, we have record liquidity of $1.7 billion at September 30, 2015. Total debt declined slightly the $2.6 billion and a net debt of $2.2 billion decreased $61 million due to our free cash flow performance. The adjusted EBITDA in our press release schedule denotes the number we use for financial covenant purposes. Our third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $214 million and trailing 12-months adjusted EBITDA $850 million resulting in a net leverage of 2.6 times. Our credit profile remains aligned with our preferred through-cycle net leverage of less than 3 times, a testament to our disciplined approach to growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook is incredibly flexible. We don't have any near-term meaningful maturities and those in the longer-term are well laddered and in the interim years have call provision flexibility. Looking forward, we believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the flexibility to not only sustain current operations but to support additional strategic growth investments. Thank you. Mark.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Super. Thanks Theresa. The safety and wealth of our employees is always top of mind and nothing is more important to us than creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Safety is at the forefront, integral to everything we do. I would like to thank all our employees for their continued diligence to work safely. Our safety performance is better than the industry average, but our goal remains squarely a zero safety incident work environment throughout all our locations. The team is doing a great job. Over half our locations achieved zero recordable injuries so far this year. We will continue to implement new initiatives and reinforce others to drive toward our ultimate goal of no injuries. Operationally, the team has performed well in the challenging environment. The ongoing flood of steel imports and elevated customer inventory levels continued to pressure steel product pricing and domestic steel producer volumes, most notably in commodity grade flat roll steel. Although commodity grade CIU average hot roll coil pricing fell in the quarter, our overall third quarter average steel selling price increased by $3 a ton compared to the second. Our value-add diversified product mix allowed better than industry performance. Somewhat improved average pricing coupled with lowest average scrap costs allowed our metal spreads and profitability to expand in the third quarter, despite lower steel shipments of approximately 2%. Our third quarter steel production utilization rate was 82% compared to 87% in what was a fairly robust second quarter. The production decline was driven by lower commodity grade hot roll coil shipments from our Butler division. However, our overall performance remains well above average domestic mill utilization. While our company-wide exposure to the energy sector approximates only 8%, it is higher at our recently acquired Columbus flat roll steel mill, which has been particularly impacted by both imports and reduced energy sector steel consumption. As you may recall, our first order of business and after buying Columbus was to significantly expand market and product diversification, moving toward a greater number of customer relationships and a broader mix of value added products serving more industries. The teams are making tremendous progress in automotive and construction related products. We're also making good progress in potential export opportunities into Mexico. 94 new customers have been added. Market shifts take time, but our planned paint line and Galvalume addition on Columbus campus will be a significant catalyst. The $100 million investment will provide approximately 250,000 tons of annual coating capability and further diversification into higher margin products for Columbus. We already have two paint lines and a Galvalume capability in Indiana, but this project allows for a higher product quality, double-wide steel and access to the Southern markets, including Mexico. We plan to sell surface-critical, appliance-grade steel as well as construction-related products. Operations are expected to begin during the first quarter of 2017. In the interim, we continue to improve Columbus' operating costs and product breadth and quality capabilities. During the third quarter of 2015, Columbus served 46% more value added galvanized steel compared to the first quarter of this year, and achieved record production results from those lines. Just less than 50% of Columbus' shipments were hot roll coils, almost a 10% shift in the beginning of the year. We continue to see the benefit of collaboration between our Columbus and Butler flat roll steel mills. Along with production and process successes, since the acquisition, Columbus is focused on implementing significant cost reduction initiatives with many more in the works. We have realized that at least $15 million in sustainable annualized cost savings so far in 2015 with identified plans for at least another $15 million in 2016. In addition, we anticipate continued benefit from the progressing product mix shift. Additionally, our steel platform continues to benefit from our organic growth and investments, including the addition of premium rail capability, our expanded engineered special bar quality capacity which has provided product diversification and aided mill utilization in this tough market environment for the structural mill. The planned increase in flat roll pickling capacity through the new push pull pickle line being installed at Butler will increase their downstream value add volume capability in 2016. Metal recycling platform profitability, meaningfully deteriorated in the third quarter, compared to a $12 million operating profit in the second quarter, we were just above breakeven for the third quarter, the erosion driven by significantly lower metal margins. Not what we would like to see, but a solid performance by the team against the tough market backdrop. Our ferrous metal margins declined approximately 14%, while non-ferrous margins declined 20%. Non-ferrous market indices have fallen over 10% in the third quarter and spreads have contracted substantially. The recycling environment remains challenging. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the Southeast and the U.S. continues to constrain margin as processors are all competing for the same material. Additionally, scrap export levels have fallen in the past two consecutive years to volumes significantly lower than recent historical norms. With the expectation of a continued strong U.S. dollar reducing scrap exports and the resulting ample scrap supply, we don't see likely drivers for significant increases in ferrous scrap prices in the near term and believe the market is essentially bottomed. The fabrication platform continues to achieve record operational and financial performance. Third quarter 2015 operating results of $37 million surpassed the previous record by 33%, which was achieved during this year's second quarter. Through the third quarter of 2015, the team has generated $86 million of operating income, 184% more than last year's year-to-date $30 million record. The team is executing on all fronts, doing a phenomenal job. Our September acquisition of additional decking assets further supports our growth strategy by enhancing New Millennium's position as the leading North American provider of steel, joist and deck. It will accelerate our growth and diversification into new steel deck parts. By increasing our deck production capability and sales, we plan to better match our joist market share of approximately 34%. In 2014, our deck market share was only 24%, so it's definitely an opportunity for growth, initiative to supply the catalyst. Additionally, the acquisition provides an opportunity for increased utilization on our Columbus Flat Roll Division. Over the last three years, the acquired operations averaged over 60,000 tons of annual steel purchases, predominantly flat roll galvanized steel most of which from other suppliers. This volume can be substantially sourced internally, which would help shift Columbus' product mix, boost utilization and compressed conversion costs. The New Millennium team continues to perform exceedingly well, both in market share gain and leveraging our national footprint. It is the credit to the foresight and positioning work the team did over the past several years. Based on sustainable increased demand and market share gain, we have added production shifts at several of our plants, creating more jobs in our local communities. The strength of this business provides positive insight into the continued growth in non-residential construction activity. Relative to the macro environment, the U.S. has steady demand dynamics in place. Forecast for the two largest domestic steel consuming sectors, automotive which historically represents about 25% of total U.S. steel consumption, and construction which is represented by 40% of total U.S. steel consumption in the past, both remained good. Automotive has continued forecasted strength and overall construction spending continues to trend favorably. SDI has growing exposure to both of these sectors through our Columbus Flat Roll Division, additional long products production capability and our growing Fabrication operations. Annualized at (19:09) the current domestic demand is reasonably strong, at about 120 million tons to 125 million tons. It is not demand that is our industry's challenge, it is squarely the excess levels of unfairly traded imports. Other countries are exporting their own financial problems to America. Excessive steel import volume combined by high customer inventory levels has limited U.S. steel mill utilization and pressured domestic steel pricing. While SDI's production utilization remains well above our peers and the industry in general, there is certainly more to be done. The continued decline in scrap prices has resulted in a stalled customer order activity. As everyone waits on the side lines until the scrap market stabilizes. The scrap flow remains good and the strength of the U.S. dollar should continue to impede the export market. Consequently, there doesn't appear to be any strong driver for ferrous scrap price appreciation, which is certainly good for Steel Dynamics. Again, we expect a relatively flat scrap market in the months ahead. We believe the fundamentals are supportive of a continued positive trend and economic growth in the U.S. In contrast, the current unimpressive global growth combined with a severe worldwide excess in steel capacity will promote imports and continue to be an industry headwind to steel pricing and utilization. However, we've seen import levels have consistently receded year-to-date, and the trade cases under review will likely reduce them further. Reduced imports, idling of domestic capacity along with upward trending demand should create a positive pricing environment that should allow some room for price appreciation going into 2016. As raw material prices remain at lower levels and production utilization improves, there is margin expansion opportunity. Importantly, as we typically do, we're not waiting around. In order to help insulate ourselves from imports, part of our strategy is to not only develop strong customer relationships but to also manufacture products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis, such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ steel and longer length premium rail. As such, we are able to mitigate some of the import impact, and with our broad portfolio of value-added products, maintain highest steel mill utilization rates when compared to our peers. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model throughout the market cycle. In these challenging times, our low, highly variable cost structure coupled with a highly diversified value added product portfolio will continue to generate significant cash flow. As we look ahead, we continue to be optimistic regarding our own future. Columbus is one aspect of the story, and our organic growth products is another. We have a solid financial foundation, and an outstanding liquidity profile providing a unique position for growth as opportunities arise. We will concentrate on opportunities that will improve the quality of our margins with a particular focus on downstream, value-added growth to mitigate imports, and inevitable cyclicality of our business. The strong character and determination of our employees are unmatched. They are a phenomenal group, and I am proud to stand with them in these challenging times and look forward to creating new opportunities with them in the months and years ahead. I thank each one and remind them, safety is always the top priority. Again, thank you for your time today. And Manny, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, our first question is from Tony Rizzuto of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Tony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you very much. Hi all. Got a couple questions. First of all...
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Tony.
Tony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hey Mark. Good results in a very challenging environment. My first question is how should we think about your fourth quarter metal margins with all the moving parts. Scrap has plummeted again and there has been more broad-based selling price weakness. How should we think about that?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There certainly continues to be import pressure, Tony. And as I said, imports are continuing to recede. They have sort of almost month-over-month through the year. I think with the one exception, July just popped up a little bit. We do believe the trade cases will further improve that situation, although the timing of that is a little uncertain. I think, Dick can speak to the trade cases in a second, but the timing is kind of extended out to the end of the timeframe. And so, when the impact of that occurs is, I guess, anyone's guess. I do think margin expansion in the fourth quarter is tough, but I think there is certainly a positive pricing environment going into 2016, and with a flat scrap arena I think there is margin expansion certainly in 2016. Whether that occurs or not in the fourth quarter is doubtful.
Tony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. It's very helpful. Dick, do you want to add something there that Mark indicated or...?
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: All I could add is that, looking at the license data for August and September, there is a couple of bad actors that sort of are thrusting a few of their extra tons this way, but quite a few of the countries have been moderating their tons. And so, the slope of the imports have been decreasing through the second quarter and third quarters. So, I think the trade cases are getting the traders' attention, even though preliminary determinations have been pushed off into the December timeframe. I do believe that overall, things are improving in the marketplace. So, they will begin to make some difference not necessarily whole lot in the fourth quarter but rolling into 2016.
Tony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. That's very helpful, both of you. Thank you. My second is, I was surprised to see the magnitude of sequential decline in shipments at Butler. I think they were down about 11.5% sequentially and then in rail, which was down about 14% and obviously the imports affecting HRC shipments. Was there anything else going on at Butler during the quarter, I just want to check on that? And then rail shipments have been improving quite nicely over the past three quarters, four quarters and I was a little bit surprised that they were down, but just wanted to get your view of that and how we should think about going forward here?
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Let me first  I'll address the rail. Actually from a rail perspective, I think railroads adjusted orders a little bit. October is usually when they start placing orders for the next calendar year. So, I think that they were really looking forward to what was going to happen in 2016. I could tell you that we already surpassed the production of our Continuous Welded Rail in the third quarter that we did in the total year of 2014, and that we expect to ship 265,000 tons of rail in all of 2015, which would be a record for us. And so, I think things are going well there. And we'll also look at shipping 150,000 tons of Welded Rail. So, again, extremely well. So, I think the rails everything is healthy and fine there. At Butler, again things turned down as basically the spot market on hot band is not a lot  there wasn't that much out there and the stuff that was out there was at prices that we just weren't interested in it. There is a line that you draw and with our variable costs at such a high level, we've said before that 80% of our costs are variable. And so, I think some companies need cash. We are not a company that is on survival mode, and so cash isn't what we require, and so we don't chase them. And so, we pull maintenance and do a few other things, but we didn't need the market share approach. Theresa, do you want to?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Tony, I would just add if you  where the weakness was with, I'd only (29:00) reiterate what Dick said, it was really in the hot band. If you look at the value-added line, they operated at basically the same levels that they operated in the second quarter, and second quarter actually Butler operate at over 100% capacity...
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Yeah, we are...
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's a little difficult to compare.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Yeah. But we have a bottleneck. I mean, we are backlogged through our pickle line and we're looking forward to the startup of our second pickle line at the beginning of 2016. And so therefore, we couldn't put anything through. We're running at over 98% in total utilization through our complete cold mill complex at Butler. And so therefore, the only thing that was not running full was the hot metal.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Matthew Korn of Barclay's. Please go ahead.
Matthew James Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning everybody. Thanks, for taking my call.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Matthew James Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, let me ask, Mark, with imports and shipments both falling apparently, how much of the incremental order softness is really coming from imports taking additional market share, if that's actually happening for a certain products in certain regions? And how much of it is this  that are these lower global prices that are causing the deflationary expectations really setting in among buyers?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it is truly difficult to discern whether the issue is underlying demand or just total excess inventory levels. From our perspective, underlying demand still remains in many areas and I won't say is robust and phenomenal but it certainly hasn't deteriorated by any great degree. There is a significant inventory out there. You see that in the recent MSCI data and unfortunately that data doesn't reflect material that is at the port. Obviously, a lot of the material is hot rolled coil and that's where we're seeing the principal softness. The customer base, I think, as I said earlier, is just stalled. They were expecting a price decline here this month. Obviously scrap came off $50 or so and they are essentially waiting sort of stabilization or at least transparency as to where that level ends up. And again, as I said earlier, we believe the scrap market is somewhat bottomed and should be essentially flattish in the weeks ahead, certainly not going up, but sort of soft sideways.
Matthew James Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Let me follow-up with Graham on the Fabrication division. Of course, very good result for the quarter. Now, at your recent analyst event you mentioned that kind of region-to-region you're seeing some fluctuations in demand levels, good in the South, out West, maybe some less good out in the East. But, you are seeing overall order rates in line with normal seasonality. Now this quarter I saw year-over-year volumes did end up falling pretty substantially. Is that a slowdown in project, certain (32:26) activity or is that competitive pressures or the downstream customers, are they showing the same type of kind of stalled out expectations on price?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chris?
Chris Graham - President of New Millennium and Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Steel Dynamics, Inc.: That's more of a competitive pressure in our regional basis. We see the overall joist market still has grown. We've had one or two plants in Midwest and East where there is a more of a concentration of producers. To your point, Texas and California still remain, far and away, the most robust markets that we're participating in. The Midwest and the Northeast did not grow at the rates that the West did and the Southwest, and hence we seemed to feel a little more competitive pressure in those areas this year than historically we've experienced.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Kurtz of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Evan.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: First question is on SBQ. It looks like your Engineered Bar shipments were up, which I thought was a pleasant surprise given that the pure play SBQ producer in the industry got in for some severe kind of demand shipment weakness in the third quarter. Could you give us a little bit of color on what might have happened there, were you able to take share, was it end-market exposure? What caused that?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, obviously that arena has seen some softness recently. For us, we've seen a little deterioration in our book, energy-related heavy equipment agriculture, but that has been largely offset by the expansion into the lower diameter SBQ. It would have been nice for that expansion to be increasing volume over last year, but in this tough environment it's kind of replacing that and keeping things relatively flat.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, it's helpful. And maybe a question for Ross. What are you seeing as far as scrap collection behavior at these sorts of price levels particularly after this last October drop? Is there money to pay peddlers to go out and collect, are they exiting the business? How are smaller feeder yards faring in this environment?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President-Metals Recycling: Evan, thanks for the question. As we look at the world we live in, certainly these lower price drops have created some problems, particularly for the obsolete grades of scrap, and we're seeing some reduced flows in some areas of the obsolete scrap collection. Again, if you can just put in perspective, a year ago, one year ago, the prices that we were able to get for scrap out in the marketplace was double what it is today. And so, over the year's time, our market price has been cut in half. So certainly, that's put financial duress on many of the dealers and collectors out there and it's also made it, in some cases unaffordable for people to collect scrap and bring it in. So there has been some impact particularly on the obsolete grades and we have seen some instances where if you look at the American metal market, over the last six months or so, you've got some folks that have exited the business and we also are seeing the phenomenon of some areas where people are walking away from the accounts because they are underwater. So, again, this reinforces the bottoming out of the scrap market. And again, as Mark said, I think we're looking relatively flat from my perspective, going forward, for the next several months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Yu of Citi. Please go ahead.
Brian Hsien Yu - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning. On the...
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Hsien Yu - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. On the Fabrication business, I know the results there have been doing quite well and you've got a 21% operation margin there, and in the press release you talked about benefits from lower steel cost. Is there a way to try to quantify what the benefit is of lower steel cost or maybe another way, is there a longer term sustainable operating margin percentage that we can think about for the Fab business?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Brian, as we've said, I guess, probably the last three quarters in a row, because each quarter has been a record quarter, we're trying to help you with rationalizing that number because, to your point, we're actually operating at what we'd consider record spreads today and that's been the  Fabrication has been a beneficiary of rapidly decreasing scrap  or steel prices. As that moderates, they're actually now bidding on jobs that don't have kind of real steel prices with real products pricing as well, which they're starting to get some pressure on that side of the equation. So, yes, the third quarter probably shouldn't be what you use for a through-cycle margin for Fabrication. I believe the operating income per ton for them, which is kind of how we looked at it in the third quarter was $285, EBITDA per ton was actually I think like $308 per ton. That would suggest that's very much on the high side of the equation and numbers that we've not seen here Q4. But for that to be in the $200 range probably on an operating income per ton isn't something that is unfathomable for a through-cycle type number.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I think it should be pointed out that, again, through-cycle, the future is certainly not like it would be if you look at it on a historical basis. That industry has consolidated dramatically. We have a national footprint there having  sort of restarted three of the CMC assets, we got 34%, 35% market share in joist and there are essentially only three principal players there. And so that will bode well and the future through-cycle earnings are going to be certainly much, much better than the past. On the decking side, market share has been lower and typically you kind of sell a ton of deck for a ton of joist, give or take a little bit, but we've been around that 24% market share percent in deck. Obviously the acquisition of the CSi assets will act as a catalyst to boost that up and we'll get parity, we do believe, quite quickly between joist and deck. So, it's an exciting business. And again, my hats off to the team. They made some decisions several years ago and they build upon that and it's a good platform for us.
Brian Hsien Yu - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. And then the follow-up question separately is just on your utilization rates here, as you mentioned, it was quite high, and probably close to 90% in the third quarter. Say your competitors are looking to idle some of their blast furnaces, does this open up some opportunities for you guys to maybe grab a little bit more market share and keep that utilization rate at high levels in what is typically a seasonally soft fourth quarter?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say, absolutely. I think there is a potential. Again, we got a phenomenally low cost, highly variable cost structure that we can take advantage of. The rationalization should allow greater utilization of other assets that are operating. And also, we still expect imports to continue to come back. So it should be a good market environment for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timna Tanners of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, good morning.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, just wanted to dig in a little bit more and I know you said on the call in your commentary that this isn't a demand problem, it's a problem of imports. But there have been some recently reports from other companies in the industrial sector in particular, in some construction highlighting potential weakness. So I just wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color of what you are hearing from your customers, a little more granularity please?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, if you look at the principal markets, Timna, obviously a couple of them are pretty stagnant and weak, energy remains slightly poor as is mining, off-road and agriculture. But in other areas, we'd not necessarily assume any great weakness or deterioration. Automotive continues to be strong I think. We have intelligence there through our scrap management programs and relationships, the stampers are still stamping and cars are still being produced. So we don't see anything to get overly concerned about there. Truck, trailer, material handling, it's a peak year for us, but it's  no near-term change over the next quarter. Manufacturing for us is okay. That would be perhaps one area that could be under pressure given the strong dollar, but we're not necessarily seeing that yet ourselves. And we still remain incredibly optimistic on the non-residential construction side of our business. We see it through New Millennium Building Systems for sure. The beam markets are okay, a little under pressure, but again the imports have been picking up there. But from a standpoint of our customers, I spent some time at METALCON last week, which are principally sort of value-add coated and pre-paint customers. The building products folks suggesting that 2015 that they're up 12% year-over-year over 14%, and they see continued strength through 2016. So I wouldn't say I'm doing cartwheels down the hallway, but we're optimistic that things are  they're certainly not deteriorating.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. I guess I also just wanted to ask in light of that downstream strength that you've been highlighting, is that still a preferred use of cash and cash generation has been quite strong. Any updated thoughts on the opportunities there?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think just at a high level, from a cash allocation perspective, we've positioned ourselves over the past year to make sure that we've got some dry powder and a strong leverage profile to take advantage of, I think, core strength opportunities that are going to befall us over the next 12 months. We expect to maintain the positive dividend profile that we've seen in the past. Obviously, we boosted that 20% early in the year as a reflection of the step-up cash flow generation from Columbus, but we would hope to see that being positive going forward. And we'll continue to repay debt as appropriate to comfortably stay within our 3 times net leverage.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Phil Gibbs of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Mark, Theresa, Dick.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Good morning.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And Russ, and Chris, you're all there.
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President-Metals Recycling: They are all here.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I saw that about 60% of the ferrous scrap that you sold was to your own steel mills. I think historically that's been around 50%, so a pickup here in the quarter. Should we expect that to continue right now? Is that more of an imperative for you to get that that percentage up in this market or was it a just bit of a, just one quarter, and we shouldn't read too much into it?
Russell B. Rinn - Executive Vice President-Metals Recycling: Well, Phil, I'd tell you that as, again, the one thing that you've got to keep in mind is whether the scrap is at steel mills or it's in our scrap yards, SDI owns the scrap. So it is certainly in our best interest to make sure we utilize the working capital, we've got already in place to do that. So, again, I think the function of what we supply internally versus externally is really market related and again demand related based on what the demand of not only our internal mills are, but external mills, so it naturally will flow depending upon where that demand is.
Philip N. Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then on the energy side, are your major sheet buying customers particularly in the South giving you any indication when things may pick up for them in terms of their buys? I know they're probably a couple quarters away, but what are they telling you in terms of timing when they may look to procure a bit more steel.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Dick, you may have a different impression, but I would suggest that it's quite a ways out. There's some business in sort of larger transmission type projects out there, but from the standpoint of just basic energy pipe, ERW type line pipe, it's going to be quite a while. We kind of have to come up and the inventory have to dissipate before anything meaningful happens.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: That's right. Again, the Columbus mill, as you just pointed out though, we ran the hot mill at about 83%, 84% utilization. So the tonnage isn't bad. Need to say the sales prices on where we want it, but the ton has been okay. A lot of that had to do with the increase in number of customers you pointed out, the 90-plus new customers, most of them were trying to direct forwards through the cold mill and the galvanizing line and so forth. We're doing quite well with new automotive enquiries and so forth and we've gotten some new platform work already for 2016. We've received another automotive company platform work last week. I'm very pleased with that. That doesn't necessarily translate to shipment for the fourth quarter of this year, but we continue to be awarded work for next year. But we're going to continue to try to move work through the galvanizing lines through value-add and so forth. But as you pointed out, there is not a rebound in the energy sector yet and those hot band tons that we are producing, what we really want to do is increase the value. We made shipments of X70, and so I think we're the first mini mill to successfully supply X70 grade line pipe substrate to the market, and we're extremely pleased with the efforts by the whole team down at Columbus on that success. And we look forward for their continued supply of that and development of additional grade. So we're working hard down there.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And not to be redundant, but I think the team needs to be congratulated. We knew we have to diversify that product portfolio when we purchased Columbus about just a year and a week  a year and two weeks. But they've done a phenomenal job in a tough market. It would have been nice for the energy market to have been sustainable for a year-and-a-half whilst we did it. But hey, it is what it is. But to boost our customer base by 94 customers or so and worked incredibly well with our existing customer base to expand exposure there. And to Dick's point, I'm amazed at our automotive team. As we may have mentioned in the past, we've changed our supply  sort of supply chain there and going direct, they got seven or eight very, very capable young men and women there and their penetration of that market is  in such a short time is...
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Phenomenal.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...is phenomenal. And also the production team down there, we challenged them to push the equipment to go lighter, to go wider on the high-strength, low-alloy grades; getting to the X70 type pipe grades, and they've responded incredibly well. And it's all reflecting in the utilization of that mill in a very, very tough environment. It's a reflection of the record coated shipments production activity that they've been able to accomplish there. So seriously, my hats off to the folks there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Aldo Mazzaferro of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Can you hear me?
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Yeah.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We can hear you, Aldo.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Oh, great. Sorry, I thought  okay. So this might be a question for Theresa. Your average selling price actually went up a few bucks sequentially. And I would bet there's the shift between the flat roll being a little softer in the mix and the bars being stronger and the rail stronger had a mix effect. Can you break out a little bit what the mix effect was in the quarter on a per ton basis?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Aldo, we purposely try not to get into that granularity by products for obvious reasons on the average selling price perspective. I'll tell you that it is mix related. As you will notice, when we talked about it for  Butler is a great example as their hot band actually decreased, the mix shifted much higher to the value-add side, which actually impacted their average selling price very positively. And you just saw that shift throughout the product chain for us in the steel perspective. We feel that that is pretty sensitive commercial information, so it's hard for us to share that. I apologize.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I get it. That's okay. Thanks. A follow-up question then on the  Mark, on your comments about margins being tough to improve in the fourth quarter. If scrap goes sideways from here on an index basis, wouldn't there be some  at least a little bit of a lag effect, where you'd see a declining usage cost in the fourth quarter? And if that's true, would that imply that you're thinking junk prices might go down in the fourth quarter for you?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I guess, my comment is just marginally in general. There's certainly a flow through of scrap, not quite as steep as we'd like to see it because operating rates aren't maxed out there. But I guess my concern is what is the relative rate of decline of our scrap input cost relative to product pricing, and the product price environment is a little (53:42) right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jorge Beristain of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, Mark, and everybody. Mark, could you provide any insight through your legal team as to why we saw this delay in the determination of the countervailing duties on hot roll sheet by commerce department? That's my first question.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'm going to pass that over to my legal Washington expert, Mr. Teets.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Well, I think really all the delays are due to the fact that I think there is about 135 cases between countervailing and dumping that have been filed since June, and it's just a massive amount of data that's being collected from everybody and it's an overloaded situation. So everything has been pushed back to basically the latest dates available to them for making their preliminary determination. So when we had filed, we knew the earliest dates and we knew the final dates and I think just about everything pointed towards the later dates being the timeframes in which to expect results. So I don't think anyone is really surprised. And I do believe mostly the traders expected it too and hence why in some of the higher levels of imports coming in from some of the countries that are still being maintained, because they expected not to be caught at this time with the shipments coming because they knew that trade cases determination is going to occur until the later dates, or they were quite sure of that.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. But those duties are retroactive to the point of filing, are they not?
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: No. No, no, no. Only if there was a  only critical circumstances would be determined and that hasn't been determined in any cases. So they only are as of the point of the date of the determination normally.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you. My other question is for Mark, and maybe he could just comment as to what you are hearing maybe in Washington or just at an industry level feeling. But is the ball kind of back in the court of the U.S. steel companies? Is Washington or industry kind of being forced to look to itself and say, what can they do to fix the issue and it kind of comes back to consolidation. I guess, my question is, can the industry in your opinion support another round of large scale consolidation or are we kind of technically at the point where electric arc furnaces has, most end clients have two or three options within a certain radius and imports, same thing on integrated. And I'm just wondering if you could just talk about, can the current issue in the steel industry be fixed by for the consolidation.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, firstly going to your comment of Washington, I think generally the  there is political support for our industry. I think there's definite support and you see that in the new language going through the TPP in the customer's bill. Is I am right, Dick?
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Right. The TPA.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: TPA, sorry. So there is a positive stance there. Some of the margins on the duties that we've seen particularly on pipe (57:33) perhaps a little disappointing to some. But given the cost structure, the strength of the dollar, devaluation of the won, devaluation of the ruble, lower oil price, they're starting off at a very low basis. But generally, our impression or our thought belief is that trade cases are going to be positive, varying duties to varying countries, but nonetheless a positive for our industry and imports will recede and we've already seen that. I think the corrosion-resistant license  import licenses...
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Are down.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...were down. Actually imports were down and then the licenses were down quite dramatically. So they will have an effect. Will that effect be substantial enough to change the market strength to a degree that some of the challenged players can sustain themselves? I think that's an open question. Obviously, folks are looking inwardly to survive and get through this. You're seeing that AK, U.S. is certainly doing some strong things to resolve their woes and that will bring some rationalization at least near term for the next  these plants are not likely to go away, but certainly the volumes are going to come out of the market and generally utilization of our industry will pick up from that. So a combination of lower imports, some rationalization, I think that will reflect in a more positive environment. Will that get us up to utilization near term to 85% or 82% or low 80%s that you really need for material margin expansion? Don't know. Certainly take us in the right direction there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Kurtz of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Just another quick one on trade cases. Just thinking with all these delays, have you been able to amend the initial filing with some of the incremental data, I mean, (60:11) prices are really falling off the cliff since you initially filed a lot of these cases, is there any way to incorporate that into the process so that the DOC comes up with maybe a stronger margin?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, there is no mechanism to allow that to occur. It's the window in which the case was originally filed upon is what the data that's submitted and that's the data you live with. Hindsight is always 20/20, Evan.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Tumazos of Very Independent Research. Please go ahead.
John C. Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research LLC: Thank you. Do you believe the scrap market will recover enough for you to earn a good return on your recycling assets or should we expect that you consolidate carry less inventory and otherwise reduce the assets employed?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: John, I would tell you, I think if you look back in history with the exception of the 2000s, we are pretty much back to levels where scrap prices were created and historically going back in the 1900s, last century to put it that way. Dick was looking at me like I'm crazy. Sorry.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: 1901.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: 1901. But, again I think the scrap business was a viable business at those levels in the not too distant past. The business itself has just got to readjust itself to the levels of the market that the market is going to last. Does that mean further consolidation or people dropping out of the business, it could. But again the flow and the amount of scrap generated in the United States is relatively stable. And so, that flow whether it comes through OmniSource or it comes through somebody else is likely to be there. So, again I think we just got to look at a new reality in our business and deal with it.
John C. Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research LLC: But when you say that the recycling industry in general is under extreme financial stress...
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All you have to do is look at the American metal market and see the guys dropping out weekly.
John C. Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research LLC: So, there is certainly  it doesn't happen overnight, but certainly material rationalization is going to happen over the next two years, three years.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think so. Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justine Fisher of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Justine B. Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Richard P. Teets - Director, EVP-Steelmaking, President & COO-Steel Operations: Good morning.
Justine B. Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, it seems that the service centers are a big problem in terms of demand at the moment, because demand from some of the end markets are still pretty good, but inventories are pretty high, we just don't have the buying that it seems that we need to have in order to get things going again. And so, what do you guys think that service centers need to see in order to get them buying again? I mean, is it just the working down of (63:18) inventories in that fit or do service centers need to get much more bullish on overall demand themselves or do they need to see international prices stabilizing before they say, okay, we'll buy domestically instead of looking to those imports? I mean, what do you think the service centers are looking for? Because it seems as though that that's one of the big demand problems because everyone talks about end markets; the end markets seems to be generally fine.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think, I can almost start saying, yes, yes, yes and yes, to a whole a lot of those items. But I think there's been of course a general shift from all the end markets. Everybody has, I think taken a breath from levels of inventories that they intended to carry until they have this assurance that there is not going to be another drop. And so, all the end users, the people that the service centers sell to have all decided that there is no concern that they can get what they need in a relatively short period of time and I don't believe it. Very few would be concerned about the just-in-time deliveries. So therefore, the end users, the OEMs and so forth believe that they have confidence in their service center suppliers. The service centers believe that they have confidence in their mill supply and so forth. And even some times the service centers, if they are concerned, they'll buy between themselves and to try to pull their inventories down. And so, it's a matter of all of those inventories at the OEM. And sometimes there is inventories being held like with our SBQ at forgers. There is middle people in the supply chain, that all have to be rationalized. And it's just a matter of a little bit of time. And so, once all of those become, I'll call the new normalized, the service centers will be buying. And I don't think that the spreads  the spreads will become I think more palatable between imports and the domestic mills. And things will get back to ordering once before, someone assured that the scrap price is flattened, as we believe it's going to be and it becomes more palatable to take a position. And so, then the service centers will step up a little more, but nobody is going to until the supply chain  the complete supply chain has pulled down their inventories a little bit more.
Justine B. Fisher - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for that, that's great color. And just to follow on, can you guys give us some color as to what your lead times are maybe across different products?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, like everybody, it's not real long. We're a couple of weeks on our hot band. We're a month and a half, two months. And again we're even longer than that on some of our finished products as we're sold out and we have a backlog sitting in front of our pickle line and Butler, we're shorter than that down in Columbus, because we do have openings there. We're fully sold out. Our hot mill at  number one mill at Columbia City is rolling at a 100% utilization, but our medium section mill there with smaller products is about probably a three-week to a month, but we sell probably about 40% of our total sales there, come out of inventory. Roanoke sells probably 50%, 40% out of rollings and rest out of inventory on bar and merchants, I think that's pretty traditional within that the industry for merchant bar so forth, but  and SBQ is basically all roll to order. And so, I would tell you there it depends on how much bar finishing goes through and bar finishing is sold solid. So I would tell you there is six weeks to two months. So I think we're fine where we are and Steel of West Virginia is basically full, has a little bit of time under one mill, but real full, mill shops are running full.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lipschitz with CLSA. Please go ahead. David, your line is live.
David A. Lipschitz - CLSA Americas LLC: Sorry, had the mute on. So I guess, my question is, the thesis over the summer when all the trade cases were coming was, prices are going to rally as soon as those things come because people are going to get nervous about prices rallying. In the meantime, prices have fallen pretty precipitously. When the trade cases are  the duties do come whatever they are, how quickly do you think people are going to react to it, because obviously people didn't react right away when the duties were announced to begin with  where the trade cases were filed?
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think it's difficult to quantify. I would suggest that given that the pricing environment or the cost structure environment out there today of the importing countries, we're not going to see this kind of a precipitous drop in imports and sort of a nice exponential hockey stick improvement in pricing. I think I believe that it's going to be slow erosion of imports and a slowly an increasing sort of margin expansion pricing environment. But to quantify  to put dollars on it, I don't think we're that good.
David A. Lipschitz - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Matt Murphy of UBS. Please go ahead.
Matt Murphy - UBS Securities Canada, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and apologies, if I missed it. Just wondering on the CapEx budget, you've got around a $110 million on your investments at Columbus, let's say a $120 million sustaining. I'm just wondering if the rest in particular, if you're going to hit the top range of guidance, is that more maintenance or is it actually investments in the business?
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: From a maintenance perspective overall our business, we tend to look at it as about a $120 million for the year. And with paint line addition which is a $100 million that gets you to about $220 million. So, the bottom range is $250 million, so that would be like $30 million worth of additional type items top ranges is $300 million. If we were to get that top range of $300 million, that's going to be a margin enhancing, productivity enhancing, efficiency enhancing in other words, it will be higher return type investments, it will not be additional maintenance expense  expenditure, sorry.
Matt Murphy - UBS Securities Canada, Inc.: And is the decision on that basically predicated on market conditions or are you whittling down some ideas? Just wondering if you see any areas that you think are attractive even in a soft market.
Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, actually the finalization of our capital plan doesn't take place until November, so that was just a real high level preliminary number, because they know everyone wants to see that going into trying the model 2016, as we get to the first quarter call, we'll have that refined, but yes, there are numerous projects that are on the table and everyone is buying for theirs to be able to be approved.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Millett for any closing comments.
Mark D. Millett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, just for those that are remaining on the call, thank you for your support. We diligently try and do our best each and every day. Many of us are shareholders, in fact, all our employees are shareholders in one way or another and we will strive to create value each and every day. And to any customers on the call certainly appreciate your support and we will continue to track diligently for you. And to all our employees, thank you each and every one of you for phenomenal job this past quarter, this past year and we all emphasize, be safe each and every minute that you're right there. Thanks folks, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director of IR Mark Millett - President and CEO Theresa Wagler - EVP & CFO Dick Teets - President & COO, Steel Operations Russ Rinn - President & COO, Metals Recycling Operations
Analysts: Luke Folta - Jefferies Brian Yu - Citi Matthew Korn - Barclays Matt Murphy - UBS Timna Tanners - Bank of America Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Stacey Kerelska - Macquarie Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lane - Morningstar Research John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research Frank Duplak - Prudential Securities Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 21, 2015, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' second quarter 2015 financial results conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the company's operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations and Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, July 21, 2015, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K Annual Report, under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you Marlene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. The first half of 2015 continue to be an interesting start of the year. Significant industry shifts taking place for the fundamental through the domestic steel community and raw material and product pricing as well as recent preliminary and trade case advancement. But before exploring our thoughts regarding the domestic steel landscape and how Steel Dynamics is uniquely positioned for growth I have Theresa to comment on the second quarter financial results. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. Our second quarter 2015 adjusted net income was $53 million or $0.22 per diluted share which was within our adjusted guidance of between $0.20 and $0.24. The adjustment excludes two items, the first approximately $29 million or $0.07 per diluted share of expenses associated with idling our Minnesota iron operations and of that excluded amount, approximately $21 million represents non-cash inventory evaluation adjustments. The second item represents approximately $9 million or $0.02 per diluted share of reduced earnings related to the planned furnace maintenance outage at iron dynamics. The last time a significant maintenance was required was in 2008 over seven years. Including the adjustment, second quarter 2015 reported GAAP net income was $32 million or $0.13 per diluted share. Regarding Minnesota, the operations are in their expected idle state with the corresponding reduction in our employee base completed. We expect the ongoing financial impact from the operations to Steel Dynamics financial results to be minimal at less than $1 million a month from both an earnings and EBITDA perspective and as such we dont expect specifically identified and separately in the near future. Second quarter 2015 consolidated revenues were $2 billion, 2% lower than the sequential quarter based on average product pricing reduction, not volume as both steel and metals recycling shipments increased sequentially. Adjusted operating income was $120 million compared to first quarter results of $100 million a 20% improvement based on record fabrication performance and significantly improved Metals Recycling results. For the second quarter 2015 steel shipments increased 15% to over $2.2 million tons compared to the first quarter. However, profitability remained relatively flat as metal spread contraction offset the improved volume. As steel imports remain high, steel prices were pressured and our average second quarter sales price declined at $101 per ton while our average scrap cost declined only $57 per ton. For our recycling platform, ferrous shipments increased 10% in the second quarter stemming from domestic steel metal utilization improvement. First metal scrap stand at 9% as scrap cost volatility subsided. From a non-ferrous perspective, shipments also increased 6%; however, metal spread fleet fairly flat. As a result our metal recycling operations second quarter operating income increased meaningfully over the sequential quarter to $12.2 million. A continuing terrific story for our fabrication operations. The positive momentum in underlying non-residential construction demand combined with our national presence and stellar customer service, result in record performance metrics for the quarter and for the year so far. Second quarter 2015 record operating income from our fabrication platform was $20 million or 27% higher than our previous record. Record operating income per ton was $252, over 30% higher than first quarter performance. We continue to see improvements in underlying non-residential construction demand, which is good news for all of our business as the construction factor is also the largest domestic steel consumer. During the second quarter, we generated significant cash flow from operations of $309 million with operational working capital providing $193 million. The working capital reduction was a result of more normalized scrap volume at our steel mills as second quarter production utilization improved and also due to reduced overall scrap values. Second quarter capital investments totaled $23 million. We estimate annual, excuse me, we estimate annual 2015 capital expenditures be in the range of $150 million. This includes some payments for the recently announced $100 million paint line expansion at Columbus. However, most of the cost for that project will be incurred in 2016. We maintain our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders, which increased by 20% in the first quarter of 2015. Our history of increased quarterly dividend continues to demonstrate evidence of the confidence our Board of Directors have and the strength of our cash generation capability, financial position and optimism concerning our future. As demonstrated during the first half of 2015, throughout market cycles, our business model generates strong cash flow, based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations. Even after deleveraging our balance sheet and increasing cash dividend, we have record liquidity of more than $1.6 billion at June 30, 2015. Total debt remained consistent at $2.7 billion while net debt of $2.2 billion decreased another $258 million in the quarter or 10% due to free cash flow performance. I would like to point out that the adjusted EBITDA in the press release schedule denotes the number we use for financial covenant purposes. However, if we would have fully adjust for the Minnesota and Iron Dynamics items that occurred in the second quarter, adjusted EBITDA was $197 million and pro forma trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA is $973 million. This gets us to a net leverage of 2.4 times. Our credit profile remains in line with our preferred through-cycle net leverage of less than three times, which is a testament to our disciplined approach to growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook is incredibly flexible. We dont have any near term meaningful maturities and those in the long term are well laddered and in the interim years have call provision flexibility. Looking forward, we believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the flexibility to not only sustain current operations, but to support additional strategic growth investment. Mark?
Mark Millett: Thanks Theresa. I think it's never redundant to state that there's nothing more important to us than creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Safety is the forefront and integral to everything we do. Though our safety performance is better than our industry average, our goal remains at zero safety incident work environment and the team did a great job in that respect in the second quarter. They reduced companywide recordable entries by over 25%. We continue implementing new initiatives and reinforcing others to drive toward our ultimate goal of no injuries and no incidents. Operationally, the team has performed well in a continued challenging environment. The ongoing flood of steel imports continue to pressure steel product pricing to a greater degree than the benefit from lower scrap cost. As a result the steel dynamics along with the industry in general experienced margin compression in the second quarter. Our average selling price fell $101 per ton, while our average scrap cost per ton only decreased by $57. However, due to continued solid domestic demand, our steel shipments improved 15% offsetting the margin compression in the quarter. After operating at a trough utilization rate in March, our steel operations have been achieving monthly sequential volume improvements. Driven by stronger flat row production, our second quarter steel utilization rate recovered significantly to 87%. It was meaningfully higher than our first quarter performance as well as the average domestic mill utilization. While our company-wide exposure to the energy sector approximates only 8% it is higher at our recent acquired Columbus flat row steel mill, which was particularly impacted by both imports and reduced energy sector steel consumption. As you may recall, our first order of business after buying Columbus was to significantly expand market and product diversification moving toward a greater number of customer relationships and a broader mix of value added products serving more industries. The teams are making tremendous progress in automotives and construction related products. They are also making good progress in potential Mexican export opportunities. Market shifts take time, but our planned paint line and Galvalume addition on the Columbus campus will be a significant catalyst. The $100 million investment will provide roughly 250,000 tons of annual coding capability and further diversification into higher margin products with Columbus. We already have two paint lines and Galvalume capability in Indiana, but this project allows for higher product quality, double-wide steel and access to seller markets including Mexico. We plan to sell service-critical appliance-grade steel as well as construction related products. Operations are expected to begin during the first quarter of 2017. In the interim, we continue to improve Columbus' operating costs and product breadth and quality capabilities. Columbus saw 34% more value added galvanized steel in the second quarter and achieved record production results on those lines. We continue to see the benefit of collaboration between our Columbus and Butler Flat Roll teams. Along with production and process successes, since the acquisition, Columbus is implementing great cost reduction initiatives with many more in the works. Additionally, our steel platform continues to benefit from more significant organic growth investments. The additional of premium rail capability and expanded engineer special bar quality capacity. In rail, all domestic class one railroads have qualified premium head-hardened rail. Year-to-date, rail shipments have increased over 45% from last year and premium rail has been the driver. Railroad investment forecast suggest domestic rail consumption will continue to be strong during the next three to five years despite the energy decline. We're committed to the rail market and are targeting shipments of up to 350,000 tons per year. The capability to well 320 foot length rail versus the conventional 80 foot strips is a strong competitive advantage, improving rail safety and reducing our customer's maintenance cost and installation time. Regarding SBQ, the product and capacity expansion within our engineered special bar quality operations also continues to ramp up. With the energy market weakness for the larger diameter SBQ market has not been as strong in 2015 and our addition of the smaller diameter bars has provided product diversification and aided mill utilization. Metals recycling as we suggested less volatility in scrap prices and higher domestic steel mill utilization, the profitability from our metals recycling operations meaningfully improved in the second quarter. Compared to a slight loss in the first quarter, we recorded a $12 million operating profit in the second based on increased storage shipments and metal spread. Additionally, the symbiotic relationship between our recycling operations and steel mills facilitates lower average input costs as compared to our peers. The recycling environment remains challenging and there appears to be a shift in the supply and demand balance. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the Southeast and U.S. continues to constrain margin as processes are competing for the same material. However scrap export levels have fallen in the past two consecutive years, with volumes significantly lower than recent historical norms. The expectation of the continued strong U.S. dollar reducing scrap exports and the resulting ample scrap supply, we dont see any unlikely drivers for significant increases in ferrous scrap prices in the near term. Based on this difficult operating environment, we believe there will be consolidation or rationalization of smaller scrap companies in the near future. As communicated in our May 26 press release, we elected to idle our Minnesota iron making operations for an initial 24-month period given the significant and sustained decline in iron pricing. In this market condition, the cost to produce iron nuggets is meaningfully higher than product selling values. Again the strength of U.S. dollar and raw iron ore supply and demand factors support the thesis to sustain lower pig iron prices. Since our investment in iron making capacity was indented to the hedge against high price pig iron is scraped, the indefinite idle was a prudent and necessary response to the prevailing market environment. While the lower raw material cost environment advantages our steel platform, it has resulted in our own economic situation in Minnesota. Let me say, I want to sincerely thank the whole Minnesota team for their commitment and persistence in pioneering and succeeding in bringing a new pig iron production technology to life. Unfortunately, in the end it was not a matter of technology and/or management because the process works and is purely the result of the market economics. I commend the dedication, hard work and strong commitment of the employees and the area of communities and Im pleased to report that we were able to offer positions to approximately 90% of those employees who wish to have employment within the SCI family out of the locations. The fabrication platform continues to achieve record operational and financial performance. Second quarter operating results was $28 million surpass the previous record by 27%, which was achieved in the fourth quarter of last year. The fabrication group achieved record operating income at four of our six plants. The team did a phenomenal job. Going to the field joist institute, year-over-year domestic joist shipments increased about 2% year-to-date. Weve gained market share as our shipments increased 11% over the timeframe. The team continues to perform exceedingly well both in market share advancement and leveraging our national footprint. It's a credit to the foresight and positioning what the team did over the past several years. Based on sustainable increased demand and market share gain, we've added production shifts to several of our plants creating more jobs in our local communities. The strength of this business provides insight into the continued growth of non-residential construction activity. Overall, while external challenges create a turbulent environment for us, all our employees performed well in the second quarter, driving operational and financial metrics that are gained with the top of our peer group. Now to the macro environment, we believe the U.S. has solid demand dynamics in place. Consumer confidence is expanding, remains intact. Durable goods and construction investment continue to grow, both key measures of U.S. steel consumption. Forecast for the two largest domestic steel consuming sectors, automotive and construction, remain good. Automotive is forecasted to grow to almost 80 million units over the next few years and overall construction spending and domestic manufacturing continues to trend favorably. However, excess steel import volume combined with higher than typical inventory levels has limited U.S. steel mill productivity, but we believe the tide is turning. Inventory levels should continue to decline in the coming months. Underlying market demand should give further support to steel product pricing, which we believe has stabilized. On the raw materials side, scrap flow remains good and the strength of the U.S. dollar should continue to impede scrap export market. Consequently, there doesnt appear to be strong drivers for ferrous scrap price appreciation. We expect raw material pricing to remain relatively stable at current levels and perhaps trend lower for low iron ore pricing environment persists. We believe the fundamentals are supportive of stronger economic growth in the U.S. during the second half of the year. However, the current uninterested global growth expectation, combined with severe worldwide steel production overcapacity will continue to be an industry headwind to steel pricing. But we believe domestic pricing overcorrected based on the recent spread to foreign prices and we think there is room for price appreciation later this year. As raw material prices remain at lower levels and utilization improves, there is margin expansion opportunity in the second half. Additionally, in order to insulate ourselves from imports, part of our strategy is not to only develop strong customer relationship, but to also manufacture products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis, such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SVQ steel and longer length rail. As such we were able to mitigate some of the import impact and with our broad portfolio of value added products, maintain high steel metal utilization rates when compared to our peer group. On the trade front, we believe the ITC has confirmed that the flood of unfairly traded imports of corrosion-resistant sheet steel has materially reduced our shipments, pricing and profitability. I believe in fair trade that the U.S. has a dumping grand for world excess steel capacity. We are confident that such actions will create a more positive pricing environment for us going into the second half. So driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model throughout the market cycle. Were focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, partnering with them to create value and do what they need today and anticipating what they will need tomorrow. As we look ahead, we continue to be optimistic regarding our future. Columbus is one aspect of the story and our organic growth project is another. Strong cash flow generation through the cycle will give us solid foundation from which we can take advantage of the near opportunities that lay ahead. With strong character and determination of our employees are absolutely unmatched. The dedication to customers and passion for excellence compel us all to higher standards of performance. I thank each and every one of them and remind them safety is always the top priority each and every day, each and every hour. So again, everyone thank you for your time today and Brenda we'll open up the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Luke Folta with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your questions.
Luke Folta: Hi, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Luke.
Luke Folta: Great quarter.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Luke Folta: Tough environment. Good execution. Well done.
Mark Millett: We got a good team mate.
Luke Folta: First question on SBQ, can you just give us some sense of what the order book looks like? Is the second quarter you think representative of what trough should look like near term, and any color in terms of just the end market dynamics there, I'm sure energy's weak. Any color on the other markets and how much you are shipping from the small diameter mill would be very helpful. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Luke, on the actual volumes on the SBQ side, Dick probable could give a little clearer picture, but I think all our markets the SVQ arena is a little more lengthy and a little flat, I would tell you. Things that have maybe picked up just ahead the last couple of weeks, but I think mainly the customer base is just patching holes at the present time. Dick, any thoughts on the -- versus
Dick Teets: We really havent been the stated numbers and so forth and we are still in the start-up and is a very small market. We do report into our -- through the SMA and SVQ family, but we dont report individual. But we are improving. We've gotten our precision mill working and delivering a great product out there and as you pointed out in your original statement thank goodness for the expansion in that because of the bigger bars have been the weakest of the products there. So its really come to play quite well.
Mark Millett: I think its -- emblematic or testament to the strategy because we've had since the very beginning to diversify our product mix across many products and market sectors as we possibly can and I think seeing the benefit of that right now and obviously when the market returns there is going to be leverage that to greater profitability. But Luke I think you also mentioned that the general market and I think the markets remain somewhat mixed, but in aggregate, incremental demand growth remains intact. As we stated automotive continues to dominate. Truck trailing and material handling are actually having a peak year. Energy is almost stagnant, but we see manufacturing is solid. Residential is recovered and non-residential construction continues to rebound. I think its testament to our new millennium billing systems platform, which had a record second quarter. Their quarter activity continues to be very strong. Backlogs are suggesting another very strong year for us and so in general as the construction markets come back, I think we have considerable leverage to that because we've got about 1.5 million tons of latent unused volume that is highly correlated to that non-residential construction. I think customers are affirming sort of active demand, but right now are still reluctant to take inventory positions until I see more market transparency. They just don't want to take it in good position. As I think you just saw inventory destocking is slow, we sold I think it was the fifth month in a row of slight destocking. They were around about 2.6 months on hand today. Higher sure than last year, but slowly, slowly trending there and that destocking, I think is obviously positive for us.
Dick Teets: One other observation Mark is that some of our forging customers have basically given us a double size order, but they havent given us multiple month worth of order. So we're still trying to interpret that but we do believe that there is some strengthening, but they still have a reluctance to take along view of yet.
Luke Folta: I guess on a similar note, the bounceback in shipments from the Columbus mill was pretty robust, and I know that energy tubulars is a pretty decent sized end market for them. You talked about some initiatives to expand the product offering at that facility. It seems a little early to be having that big of an impact from some of those initiatives, so if you can talk about what drove the big bounceback in Columbus shipments sequentially.
Dick Teets: Well, I dont know that it was really the tonnage that was a big bounce back. We're very proud of the percentage of bounce back of the value-added I think is what Mark said because we've had the -- we're focused on additional customers, additional products, value added in particular.
Theresa Wagler: To your point, they did have over 100,000 ton increase in shipment and that was again just to the marketing pushback that Dick is talking about. So it was quite a bit on volume side as well.
Mark Millett: Yeah I think, we continue to say for a long time now that demand truly has incrementally grown and that underlying demand was there, which is that we had a slow imports coming in kind of the February, January, February, March timeframe and that just suffocated the market for Columbus in particular because theyre obviously exposed to the Huston import arena. I think were incredibly excited though the Columbus team is doing incredibly well. I think the collaboration between Butler and Columbus teams is incredible and it really is growing fruit. As Dick said our value-added shipments have grown quite significantly and we made great strides in quality there and are regaining a lot of the customers that another ones had. Were also leveraging our existing customer base. We have some promise that we had great working relationship over the years and their volumes have picked up dramatically and New Millennium building products also has been sourcing more steel from the Columbus.
Luke Folta: Great color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Yu with Citi. Please go ahead with your questions.
Brian Yu: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on a good quarter especially on the free cash flow side. First one is just you guys have impressive shipments in the second quarter Mark and you said youre expecting improved financial results from the back half of the year. Does that -- embedded in there is that you will maintain these strong shipments in the back half and then I think you mentioned earlier that you think price will probably recover and those are the two combination of factors continued high volumes and some improvement in the underlying markets going to drive better results?
Mark Millett: Yeah theres nothing that we see that should change the volume profile and in fact I would consider that volume profile appreciating and I think just generally with good volume, I think in turn was with margin expansion it's a positive. I think imports even though imports June, July are incredibly simple I would say, domestic pricing through the first quarter and into May declined dramatically and kind of eroded the spread and when we saw a slight decline in the import number. That is the increase. Unfortunately Chinas profits price dramatically and dropped by about 18% in May and the import number today is probably $390, but I think because the global spread has mitigated somewhat, I think that the trade case success will certainly bring things to a greater -- a more level playing field and the continued inventory destocking and alignment is going to help the supply demand balance to our favor. Automotive will be strong, construction is growing, manufacturing is good. You never know. Maybe the politicians will come through finally and do some infrastructure build, which will be very, very positive too. So I think theres a climate for short, stabilized, slightly appreciating pricing and at the same time raw material costs scrapped in particular I think is selling on a trend more unlikely than you got a iron ore supply all today I think is round about $50ish and will remain low and thats going to draw scrap down. Strong dollar is going to continue to impede exports. The billet pricing, global billet pricing is very, very low and therefore that will help that also. You got solid scrap flows, absolute flow has come back pretty well, a prompt flow due to the strong automotive production is incredible I would suggest and nuclear is that going to market with inline supplying some other mills. So I think weve got an environment whereby raw material pricing is at minimum high most likely banned and you have some appreciation drivers for pricing. So I think from a second math perspective, were still optimistic.
Brian Yu: Okay. Great. And second question is just on working capital, theres been a significant improvement year-to-date, if we look at some of the relative metrics like days outstanding or churn rate are these at your targets or is there further room for improvement?
Theresa Wagler: What youre seeing in the quarter Brian is again a realignment on the scrap volume at the steel mills based on the improved utilization in the second quarter and a decreased scrap value. But going forward, there is still room for improvement. One example is that we still dont necessarily have the finished goods volumes at Columbus where wed like to see those. So there is different areas where we still think we can lift some additional cash from working capital but we feel pretty good about where we are. I wouldn't expect huge strings in the second half.
Brian Yu: Okay, would you say at today's prices, would you be able to quantify and how much more working capital you could extract from Columbus?
Theresa Wagler: I dont think its unreasonable. I think its not unreasonable to say probably in the $50 million range.
Brian Yu: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays. Please go ahead with your questions.
Matthew Korn: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my call.
Mark Millett: Youre welcome.
Matthew Korn: So Mark as you pointed out, raw materials are low, steel shipments for the overall industry steel seem weighted down by the energy markets who got domestic capacities still in the lower mid-70s, couple months back there was a smattering these price hike announcements, but the index has really only moved gradually. Do you think we can get above $500 and for hot rolled in this environment and how much do you think we need to be worried that the China Midwest spread is starting to blow out a little bit again as the prices in Asia crumble?
Mark Millett: I think the domestic pricing kind of over corrected to some degree and I was pretty back in April, May pretty confident that you could see some metal price increase. With them coming down even further, thats almost going to be a headwind and put pressure on pricing. But the -- you can see a $500 or $480 number domestically. I think that is more than reasonable particularly when you have the potential trade case kicking in next month or two well June second quarter its going to have more and more of an affect.
Matthew Korn: Second half.
Mark Millett: Yep.
Matthew Korn: Okay. All right. Then let me ask this a little bit specifically I remember the last time we all spoke, how you took the lead time that expanded Butler and Columbus, but from I think it was terrific levels, orders moving up the best rates since the fall. Where are we now comparably? It would be helpful maybe you can do a rundown of the major product groups, give a little bit visibility on where lead times have shifted from last quarter?
Mark Millett: Im not so sure were going to go through each mill, but the principle players obviously are Butler and Columbus and they are in a three to four week run, and the balance that's where we typically hold that backlog through the cycle in good times or bad times to be honest. So were quite happy obviously with little more price, but nonetheless backlog and lead time there is on target.
Matthew Korn: All right. Thanks very much. Congratulations again on the quarter.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Evan Kurtz: Hey good morning, everyone.
Mark Millett: Hey Evan.
Evan Kurtz: I thought some of your commentary on end market demand was pretty encouraging and certainly congruent with everything were seeing on construction data as far as permits and non-res spending and auto sales and so forth. So kind of one question that I have in my mind is if you look at the service center data for the past couple of months, their shipments are actually been down year-on-year. So its kind of inconsistent with kind of what were seeing from the bottom up and I was just curious to get your thoughts on for one, whats driving that and then also what these drivers speed and how long would that take and any thoughts there would be appreciated?
Mark Millett: Well, Im not sure, but a clarity than anyone else, but I do believe youve got a -- you still have a sort of imports still on the dark side and that is kind of slowing or is a resistance to the destocking. We certainly just from the order profile that with people patching holes, they're certainly not taking positions yet and just also the possible sentiment in our discussions but it just slow drill down but it will continue.
Evan Kurtz: Okay.
Dick Teets: No, yeah very strong comments some of our larger service center accounts and they dont have any concerns about the year so cant give any color on it.
Mark Millett: I think the other thing that the service center industry in general is essentially taken advantage of the situation, I dont blame them, but times have been short, but they're increasing. And also on the structural side, rolling schedules, I do believe have been shortened hours and that allows that sector to be well closer to the jet so to speak on inventory and on ordering. So they're ordering almost on a just in time type basis.
Russ Rinn: And in chemical products, our long products its mill direct shipments and don't even go to the service centers many cases.
Evan Kurtz: Okay. Thanks. The other question I had was on some of the trade legislation thats gone through and maybe you guys are close to this than some of your peers. But what do you think this all means as far as leveling the playing field, new ways to define material injury and it sounds like in conference right now and the customs build, there could be some enforcement measures that are added to the market, how do you see that from a timing perspective actually impacting pricing the U.S. and any thoughts on magnitude?
Mark Millett: I would tell you that I don't see it right now. From a pricing perspective, I think its a little bit longer term. I think it has a real meaningful impact to us because it gives commerce department greater clarity and gives us a greater opportunity to be more expeditious in our trade case filings and so forth coming up. So I think there is a lot of benefit to our industry and other industries and like situations, but right now from a direct impact on crude products or in upcoming cold rolled or hot rolled load cases, ultimately it may influence that final determination which would be in 2016 and so forth. but not in our short term quarter to quarter results that there will be nothing there for us right now.
Evan Kurtz: Okay. All right great guys. Good luck on the quarter. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Cheers.
Operator: Our next questions comes the line of the Matt Murphy with UBS. Please go ahead with your questions.
Matt Murphy: All right. I have a question just on the longer term margin picture at Columbus with these investments. Is this -- you talked about when you bought Columbus, trying to eventually get to a sustained butler type of profitability, do you think these investments put you on track for that or is there more to be done beyond this?
Theresa Wagler: The addition in the paint line.
Mark Millett: You mentioned 15, I dont know where the 15 came from, but I would say were absolutely confident that the earning profile of the Columbus mill has every bit more surpass equal or surpass the butler mill with the changes that were doing. Again as I said earlier, the cap collaboration of the butler and the Columbus teams brining actually benefits to build both locations, but certainly has brought great quality, great thought diversification of capabilities there. The synergies, the near-term synergies that we advertised through 2015 are intact and the week before last, the team is incredibly focused and passionate and have a lot of opportunity to further decrease the cost structure. Obviously as we withstand the value add quoted output that's going to bring our margins up appreciably and got to believe and painted the expansion that we announced is going to be a major catalyst I think to greater earnings there and to greater diversification in great times and also improved profitability in the troughs.
Matt Murphy: Great. Okay. And then I guess longer term on fabrication profitability, in the short term it sounds like the outlook is good, which is great, but medium to longer term, I am just wondering has anything changed from, if you look at 2006 through 2013 it was basically a breakeven segment. So we are in this great market for demand right now, but has anything changed you think in the long-term from an operating income perspective and your ability to sustainably report this type of operating profit?
Mark Millett: Well, I think there is certainly in recent years been a market shift. Obviously if you go back a number of years, there was pretty fragmented market. Today there are essentially three players, Nucor has ramped up is got lions share of the market was second and then Canam is another principal players, but there are couple of other little organizations out there. So I think the industry has changed. It's allowed stronger spreads, stronger margin on a per ton basis. The team I think has done a phenomenal job in recent years positioning New Millennium for this expected growth. We have a national footprint and we're leveraging that incredibly well across the country. As I think the earnings profile long-term is high highs and high lows for that business.
Theresa Wagler: Matt, we're structurally different. If you look back to 2006, in 2006 we only had a couple of facilities in Indiana and in Florida and we had just added a couple of foreign acquisitions. Today we have six facilities that are throughout the United States. So structurally we have the ability to earn more as Mark said on a more sustainable basis. So I am suggesting not compare back to 2006 and 2007 timeframe.
Matt Murphy: Sure. That's fair. And I guess if I look at 2013 and 2014 you had a pretty strong bump up in volumes in Q3, I am just wondering on the short term basis you talked about adding a shift. Should we -- is there a possibility we see kind of that Q2 to Q3 type of volume bump that we've seen in recent years?
Theresa Wagler: Given that we're looking at construction is somewhat being obviously the strongest timeframe and given that we've been ramping up the facilities over the last several years, I think that volume and appreciation is something that would be reasonable.
Matt Murphy: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your questions.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning, guys.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: So I dont want to beat the dead horse here, but I think that one of the things that I hear from a lot of people is that concern that it will be difficult to see steel prices rise much with scrap prices weak. What do you -- how do you comment on that? I know you said there is certain conditions with the trade case and with the scrap market being over-supplied, but is it really possible to get much margin expansion in a depressed over supplied steel market as well?
Mark Millett: I think Timna we kind of answered that, applicable probably is no greater than most, but in case of supply and demand, the supply side we think in Americas for the second half is going to target imports will mitigate a little. Entry is certainly coming down and the trade cases should put us on a more level playing field from a pricing standpoint. So I think those three in concert will certainly give or drive us for price appreciation.
Timna Tanners: Okay. And you did, sorry I just was clarifying because this is something we hear a lot about?
Mark Millett: So that being said imports is the headwind and I think if you look at SBI, we're incredibly well positioned across the whole steel space. We have organic growth. We have latent volume that we can capitalize on as the construction markets come back. So even in status quo, I think we're going to continue to take more.
Dick Teets: I think just a clarification on coated products the prior countries, there are seven countries that supply more than 3% of the imports, that's the criteria, the benchmark for filing trade cases, two of them being in Canada and Mexico. And so they were two, the other five made up 67% of all imports and so when kind of availing duties are applied and dumping, it's hard to imagine how quickly that void will be created because no one is going to want to be caught having to owe those duties. So as soon as the preliminary duties are announced, it's going to become an interesting -- we already have traders looking for substitutes, but those that magically appear. It's a process.
Timna Tanners: Yes that's great. So we address the margins, but talking about volumes a little bit, historically it had been the case that steel makers have more profitable in the first half than the second half, but that's kind of broken down recently and I am just wondering on fabrication, do you think fabrication long products with this end of destocking. Talk us a little bit more about what kind of volume recovery or why we could see a nice strong recovery second half from what's normally a typically seasonally strong first half?
Mark Millett: I think if you look at the steel consuming economy and everyone at least when you got blinkers on in all business, its more just because profitability isnt where we would like to see it. But from the standpoint of the American economy it's strong. If you look at the steel consuming economy, it's strong, but we're consuming around about 120, 125 million tons on pace right now. The demand is there. I saw the three headwinds is the import issue. The premises would be to increase utilization in increased volume domestically would have to be that the imports mitigate to some degree. You've got a continued slight increase in demand with a erosion of imports and that would give you greater utilization in America.
Timna Tanners: I was talking more about fabrication on long products. I hear what you're saying for flat rolls, if you could just add a little more because long products I was kind of surprised the second quarter decline year-over-year and structural and declining first quarter to second quarter, seasonally I wouldnt expect that and then similarly on the fabricated side better profitability, but a little lighter volume than we would have expected. Thanks.
Mark Millett: Again our order book and our bidding rate is still very strong and must assure certainly we see huge strong second half. Relative to structural, I think our actual order of structural beams in the second half were slightly off. Our actual market share relative to domestic produces actually increased because imports have been just progressively successfully increasing quarter-over-quarter.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Gambardella: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the quarter and the process.
Mark Millett: Thank you. Good morning, Michael.
Michael Gambardella: I have a question thought on your market share and if you could just -- if you could just take a look at your flat roll shipments were up 24% quarter-on-quarter and while, your scrap -- you mentioned your scrap cost didn't go down as much as the selling prices clearly they went down lot more than the iron ore cost of imports and your domestics integrate competitor. So you must be gaining some market share. Can you give us some color on that in your flat roll business?
Mark Millett: Well I guess the broad numbers would suggest that Michael. I think we are -- we don't necessarily specifically culprit that or analyze it on a very specific month by month basis. But I would say, yes we're picking up market share at a what I would consider a reasonable selling value without sacrificing profitability on margin necessarily due to additional volume.
Michael Gambardella: And on the flat roll side of the business, how much more volume capability do you have in reserve that you could possibly push out in the second half of the year?
Mark Millett: The utilization there, I dont have the
Dick Teets: Well weve -- lets say the text and again thats not molding capacity but coating capacity and we're probably operating at about 70% to 75% of capacity and all three lines running at little less or little more than three crews worth. We're looking at addressing more on those lines by adding some new products and new opportunities there to boost it up. We're not sitting ideally by just limping along but we're excited about an opportunity there, but there is about 25% of texts and if we had, we actually said, that's about a million ton or some thousand. We would say thats 200,000 tons of idle coating capacity and we do have some capacity down at Columbus, but others running too faster for months now. Right now we're down for a five-day outage. We pulled our maintenance outage ahead. It was supposed to be in October, but we found cracks on our melt shop -- our melt shop cranes and we're addressing those right now and so we wont take maintenance outage again until the spring. And so we're pulling all of our larger products soon and so we're comfortable with that, but then we will be back and going full strength again. So there is no real capacity available at Butler.
Theresa Wagler: So Mike, we have 7.2 million tons of total flat roll shipping capability and that includes detect, which if you think about it from that perspective, thats about 1.8 million to 1.9 million tons per quarter and I think in the second quarter we had total shipments of just under 1.6. So you got 200,000 to 300,000 tons on a quarterly basis, but if you look first half to second half obviously the first quarter utilization was down significantly. So there is more already in the second half than that.
Michael Gambardella: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your questions.
Phil Gibbs: Good morning. Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gibbs: Mark, we saw a little bit of pick up in scarp in June and I think July has come off a little bit, but is it reasonable to think that in third quarter relative to the second quarter that we can see your raw material cost stay relatively flat or should we expect them to be up a little bit given the fact that scarp bounce in the middle of the year?
Mark Millett: Well, I'll let Russ give you some color, but I think we dont see any massive shift downwards like another $100 or anything crazy, but Russ do you think a general erosion.
Russ Rinn: I think the trend is definitely going to be down. I think you've got no exports. The strong dollars and limited exports and actually has encouraged some imports of scarp, which again is going to be really mean that excess scarp or scrap supply in the U.S. is going to be clinical, which logically puts pressure on the -- downward pressure on scrap price in the near term.
Phil Gibbs: Are you thinking August is going to be a reasonable reset given what we see in the export markets right now given what at least the Turkey come of 50 to 55 in the last six weeks?
Russ Rinn: I think the question is what's reasonable. I think from this perspective reasonable would be maybe different than mine, but no, I think certainly there will be a downward price pressure in August and probably the next couple of months.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. And then in terms of the fabrication momentum, you're running up against a tough volume comparison in the second half of the year. Are we looking for fabrication volumes to be relatively in line with where they've been in the first half of this year or should they step up and try to compete with the volumes that you had in the second half of last year, because I heard you say earlier on the call that you have added some headcount.
Theresa Wagler: From a volume perspective Phil, based on where the market would allow us, I think that we could see a second half that has pretty reasonable volumes and definitely higher than we've seen in the first half of this year.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. And then just lastly here if I could, the recycling business Russ, how much of that $12 million or so profitability at OmniSource was driven by some of the work that you've done behind the sense to clean up some of these higher cost operations in the South, thanks?
Russ Rinn: Well I don't know that we can point to a specific, but certainly weve taken some steps in idling some shredders or some shredders and closing some unprofitable yards down in the south. We've also done that in the Midwest. So we continue to focus on again adjusting our business levels and our business is what the market would allow us to operate profitably and we still got some more to do.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacey Kerelska with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Stacey Kerelska: Good mornings, guys and congrats on a good quarter. My first question is how much of the $100 a ton decline in sequential pricing in the flat roll was due to mix and how much due to the lower market pricing?
Russ Rinn: No, I think the question was how much of the $100 a ton was
Stacey Kerelska: Just for me to clarify that $101 per ton reduction was not flat roll specifically thats over all of our product lines. So that average pricing bodes across long products and flat roll products. So I need to clarify that. So how much was I guess the mix and how much was lower pricing. Was it more due to shipping more flats or
Theresa Wagler: I would suggest that it wasnt unbalanced to mix versus just lower pricing. We had lower pricing throughout in the mix. You're right, its flipped a little bit more the flat roll side equation, but I would say it was just more overall reduction pricing.
Stacey Kerelska: Okay. And my second question has to do with your capacities in galvanized coded and painted products. Could you give us a little bit of color on how much do you have of those at Columbus, Butler and the tax currently?
Mark Millett: The tax is a million tons. We're going to give you the exact numbers that we report here I think the way Theresa would like to
Theresa Wagler: So from a coding perspective, the tax has a million ton of galvanizing capability and at Butler we have 720,000 tons of galvanizing capability and 240,000 tons of painting capability. And at Jeffersonville, which we've included in the flat roll division results, we have an additional 300,000 tons of galvanizing and additional 190,000 tons of painting. And then at Columbus, we have about a little over a million tons of galvanizing capability and we will be adding the painting capability in 2017 and that will be about 250,000 tons of painting capability.
Stacey Kerelska: Okay. Great. Thank you. And how do you think your positioned for the case and coated?
Mark Millett: How do we think about it?
Stacey Kerelska: Yes. How are you positioned, you just give us some of the capabilities you have.
Mark Millett: We are positively inclined but were able to stick to zero passage by the ITC in the commerce department we'll be scheduled to at least or scheduled to from account and duty perspective, give a ruling and late in August. Now again Ill tell you, they're understaffed and so many times they delay that and so forth. But I think we have a very, very strong case on the coated products and it will only get stronger as people start reporting their earnings for the second quarter.
Stacey Kerelska: Great. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jorge Beristain with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your questions.
Jorge Beristain: Hey guys just to again recap and beat the dead horse here, what do you think the market is missing here in the sense that I think you guys clearly articulated that two-thirds of coated imports of five countries could be targeted with anti-dumping duties anywhere north of a 100% as early as August and yet were not seeing accelerated buying from your end clients. So what do you read through to that? Is it that the market is expecting that maybe the countervailing duties will not be as strong as the recent collapse in Asian prices take in a little bit of that potential price hike away. Could you just comment as to what you think the market is seeing, because there seems to be a disconnect.
Mark Millett: I think the -- Dick, you probably add more color, but from my perspective you still have a large inventory that has to be consumed. Again as you said earlier, the customer base is currently not -- they are reluctant to take a position. They're patching holes and you just see that the inventory levels are slowly coming down once we get back to the market and those imports are not available to them, I think is when you start seeing the price appreciation, Dick?
Dick Teets: Yeah and again I think that again there will be a preliminary number possibly here by the end of August. So there is still time for some deliveries before that. And as we noted prices are still coming down, which mostly from the Chinese and so theyre in almost total disregard, which will not only improve the duty calculation in the very end to the final determinations, but I think that people are expecting is a delay in that ruling that may go. Its theoretically it could be delayed until the end of December. And so theyre hoping and anticipating that delay and still get some tons in before the hammer calls and so thats their right to do that, but once the anti-dumping act ruling comes, which is pretty firm in November, I think everything will firm up very quickly and no one will want to have steel on the water couple of weeks before either those two rulings.
Jorge Beristain: Perfect, that helps tighten up the timing outlook. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lane with Morningstar Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lane: Hi good morning all.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Andrew Lane: Just one question here I would also like to ask about the fabrication segment, by my account weve now seen margin expansion for six straight quarters and just really impressive results this quarter. Could you provide some color as to the texture of the improvement in non-res construction activity that you're seeing? Are there any particular project types or particular regions that have really been driving the pickup in activity? Thank you.
Mark Millett: I think the problems that shifted last year there tended to be a lot of big bulk warehouse Amazon type construction that shifted to more institutional I do believe today and it's across a broader spectrum of construction segments. So it gives us optimism, but its sustainable and again, we have certainly a plethora of bidding, engineering backlog on the tables. So we continue to see a strong market.
Theresa Wagler: The one thing I would add to that Andrew is that were at record strategy right now in the fabrication side of the equation. So you mentioned that in the last six quarters we keep seeing improved margins that werent just about the volume side of the equation. So weve been able to because of the strength of the market with prices that have stayed very steady and the raw material, which has been flat with steel has been declining. So that theres really been a benefit there and Im not sure that one should expect that we stay at record levels in the second half of the year necessarily, although I believe volume can more than offset that.
Andrew Lane: Great, very helpful. Congrats on a good quarter.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please go ahead with your question.
John Tumazos: Thank you very much. There have been reports in the trade press of Chinese billet exports to turkey near $100 a ton, and while this is a liquid contract, the LME steel billet future has been at $100 a ton for seven weeks. Why don't you buy some of those cheap Chinese billets and either run them through your long mills or chop them up and mill them as scrap?
Mark Millett: While we like quality. John I think you raised a good point, but again that's a big step to take. Weve got some loyal dedicated employees doing some great things there and the improvement that we would see is I dont think will be massive, but
John Tumazos: Do you think the scrap prices we read in the trade publications are accurate given the overseas markets being in a different place in terms of pricing?
Mark Millett: Well John I had seen the $100, I saw like $202 and I was doing my calculations going back through the metrics and beating on Russ and trying to figure out how I get lower cost scrap and strap in Roanoke and to compete because Im after them to trying to figure out how to move some billets little less extensively and so forth. But Ive never seen the $100 number and even $200 is the stressing, with the $202 or $210. So again I dont know how to even say on that. Again we were pressed to bring in Chinese coils to the text to quote and we had a customer who demanded it and when a customer demands it and its only part of the portfolio, originally I had said no, but I didnt want to jeopardize the value of that customer's business. Its been long standing and we had our tough times supplying any other reasonably priced products. I was willing to take a hit on certain amount of the product, but then truth be told, after -- it was after Sparrow's Point went away and the light gauge became a tighter market and people -- it was a tough time to find the product, when we brought some in and think goodness it's been run really well and the customer wasnt happy with the supply, but they're the ones who source it. So it wasnt us, but even that was the stressing, but I justified it because it kept our employee working and earning bonus and so forth, but any kind you start dabbling in that world you start worrying about me. I worry about the appropriateness of it because Im finding them every day in Washington through trade cases and so forth and how would I look to that was an importer of the same product and my customers not to enjoy the benefits of the cheap steel.
John Tumazos: Some steel is out there at less than scrap values, you don't want the Chinese to be subsidizing your nice Turkish competitors when they could be subsidizing you instead.
Mark Millett: We're not looking for the subsidy. We want the fair trade and we want to compete on the basis of what we do well and so we havent considered that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Frank Duplak with Prudential. Please go ahead with your question.
Frank Duplak: Good morning all. Just a quick one. You may have already done this, I hopped on and off the call. Have you guys updated your CapEx forecast for 2015?
Theresa Wagler: We have Frank. We're expecting 2015 CapEx to be in the range of $150 million.
Frank Duplak: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your questions.
Phil Gibbs: Thanks. Just had a question, broad question for you Mark on M&A as to whether or not you see that as a potential in the next 6 to 12 months for your company or would you continue to do more of these internal investments like you've been doing and things like a downstream assets in Columbus? What's the priority for your company in terms of capital allocation within that view of M&A? Thanks.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, Phil as we spoke in the past, I think we frequently assess our cash allocation. We're blessed to have a phenomenal team doing phenomenal things in a challenging market and our cash generation remains incredibly strong and its to your point what do we do with it. From a balance sheet standpoint its net leverage is under $2.4 million. We got liquidity of $1.6 million and so we got phenomenal foundation to grow. We will continue to consider to opportunities but, first going back to early this year, obviously we increased our dividend 20% or so, but to obviously with some of our value back to the shareholder. But from a growth standpoint, we continue to look at organic opportunities there. I would say few from a standpoint of capitalizing on the assets, but Roanoke has access metal capping capability obviously arguably as some excess metal capability. And so were looking to optimize that and further diversifying and looking at that value-add sort of at that. On the MA front, I do believe there will be opportunities have been and will continue to be opportunities available to assess.
Phil Gibbs: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like turn the floor back to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Brenda and again thank you, everyone. Just I guess to recap, SDI, I think is incredibly well positioned. We dont manage to hope, but we try and control our destiny. Obviously the important arena is little bit out of our control maybe, but were certainly managing our business I think prudently. Low high variable cost structure and low fixed costs and highly divested product mix I think continues to generate strong cash flow through the cycle. I think weve clearly differentiate ourselves. We have consistently outperformed our peer group and we'll continue to do so. We've talked about the latent capacity that we're yet to unleash in our steel capacity in total energy about a million tons and weve got a million plus tons to truly leverage and are going to continue to capitalize on engineered bar expansion and our rail expansion and were going to continue to capitalize on the contact position going forward. So we continue to partner with our terrific customer base and we've got a phenomenal team, I believe is passionate is driving whole company toward a new level of excellence. So we're fully engaged, fully focused, fully passionate and fully optimistic about our future and certainly appreciate your support, but you've given us in the past and do so currently and hope be with us for our growth in the future. So thank you everyone.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director of Investor Relations Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer Theresa Wagler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dick Teets - President and Chief Operating Officer Russ Rinn - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Luke Folta - Jefferies Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley Gordon Johnson - Wolfe Research Matt Murphy - UBS Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank Timna Tanners - Bank of America Matthew Korn - Barclays Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs Andrew Lane - Morningstar Brian Yu - Citi Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Charles Bradford - Bradford Research Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse Curt Woodworth - Nomura Aldo Mazzaferro - Macquarie Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, April 21, 2015, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Miss Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Miss Owen.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Manny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics first quarter 2015 financial results conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders from the companys operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations, Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrications Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, April 21, 2015, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K Annual Report, under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you Marlene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Its certainly been an interesting first quarter of 2015, some significant industry shifts have taken place that were fundamental for the domestic steel community, and I believe others are still occurring. With that, Ill turn the call over to Theresa, for a few comments, before providing thoughts on these industry and market dynamics, and how Steel Dynamics is positioned for both near and longer term opportunities within the landscape.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. To begin, just a quick note regarding the format of our supplemental data this quarter, based on questions concerning the reconciliation of operating income and the calculation of adjusted EBITDA, weve modified the format for clarifications and additional transparency. You should be able to still find all of the data previously provided. Our first quarter results were negatively impacted by the continuing challenges related to excessive steel in the quarter, and significant scrap price volatility, which were the meaningful decreases in domestic steel pricing and shipments. Excluding $17 million or $0.04 per diluted share call premium and other finance expenses associated with the March senior note repayment, our first quarter 2015 adjusted net income was $40 million or $0.17 per diluted share, which is above our adjusted guidance of between $0.12 and $0.16. This compares to sequential adjusted fourth quarter 2014 net income of $97 million or $0.40 per diluted share. Including the finance charges, first quarter reported GAAP net income was $31 million or $0.13 per diluted share. First quarter 2015 consolidated revenues were $2 billion, 19% lower than the sequential fourth quarter. As a result, operating income was $100 million compared to adjusted fourth quarter results of $179 million, a decline of 44%. Decreased steel volume and pricing drove the decrease in operating income, most impactful within our flat roll group. Steel imports and scrap price volatility created a challenging operating environment. For the third quarter, steel shipments decreased 381,000 tons to 1.9 million tons, a 16% decrease compared to the fourth quarter. Metal spread also contracted as the cost of scrap used in the first quarter declined $34 per ton, while our average steel sales price fell $43 per ton. The full benefit of lower scrap prices was not fully realized in the first quarter as we first used the higher priced scrap in inventory because of our FIFO accounting. Additionally, with lower production rates, the timeframe to use existing raw material inventory was longer than our typical one month lag. We will realize the benefit of lower price scrap in the upcoming second quarter. For our metals recycling platform, ferrous shipments decreased 7% in the first quarter as domestic steel mill utilization declined and metal spread also contracted as selling prices decreased between 25% and 30%. Non-ferrous shipments also declined about 10%. As a result, our metals recycling operations recorded a slight loss in the first quarter as operating income decreased $3 million sequentially. A much different story for our fabrication operations. The positive momentum continued into the first quarter. Despite the expected seasonal decrease in volumes, operating income improved to $189 per ton compared to $159 per ton in the fourth quarter, a $30 improvement. As a result, first quarter 2015 operating income from our fabrication platform was $21.4 million, well below the record $21.7 million achieved last quarter. We continued to see improvements in underlying, non-residential construction demand, good news all around as the construction sector is also the largest domestic steel consumer. During the first quarter of 2015, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $235 million, operational working capital provided $93 million, as inventory and customer account value declined. First quarter capital investments totaled $33 million. We still estimate annual 2015 capital expenditures to be between $150 million and $175 million, number could increase as we proceed through the year and evaluate new growth projects. As mentioned earlier, in March we repaid our $350 million, 7.625% senior notes, which were due in 2020. They were our highest coupon debt. We incurred $70 million of finance costs, which are reflected in other expenses on the income statement. This debt reduction results in annual interest savings of $27 million. We also increased our cash dividends to shareholders by 20% in the first quarter. This follows increases of 5% in the first quarter of 2014, and 10% in the first quarter of 2013, demonstrating evidence of the continuing confidence of our board of directors in the strength of our cash generation capability, financial position, and optimism concerning our future. Throughout market cycles, our operating performance generated strong cash flow, based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations. Combined with our strong cash flow performance, even after deleveraging our balance sheet and increasing shareholder dividend, our resulting liquidity at March 31, 2015 was more than $1.3 billion. Total debt decreased 12% to $2.65 billion, while net debt decreased 6% to 2.5 billion. Coupled with pro forma trailing 12 month adjusted EBITDA at just over $1 billion, net leverage decreased to 2.4 times. Our credit profile is already aligned with our preferred recycle net leverage of less than 3 times, a testament to our disciplined approach to growth, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook is very flexible. We dont have any near term meaningful maturities and those in the longer term are well laddered and have call flexibility. Looking forward, we believe that our capital structure and credit profile has a flexibility to not only sustain current operations but to support additional growth investments.
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. Well, nothing is more important than creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Safety is at the forefront at Steel Dynamics, same thing goes to everything we do, so its also where well start our conversation today. Our safety performance continues to be better than industry averages. Our goal remains squarely as zero safety incident work environment. Our companywide recordable incident rate improved in the first quarter with 70% of our locations having no recordable incidents. I congratulate all those that work in those divisions. We continued implementing new initiatives and reinforcing others to drive toward our goal. In that regard, were excited about the creation of a companywide core safety group to enhance our grand philosophy, to that expectations and ensure best practices are being implemented across all our work groups. Weve high expectations. Weve positive impact from an even greater collaborative safety effort. Operationally, the team has performed well in a very challenging environment. As predicted in January, steel input levels remained high, the lower scrap and raw material prices led to steel product pricing to decline to globally competitive levels, which we believe will result in decreased steel import activity in the coming months. Sustained first quarter 2015, steel import levels combined with an existing customer inventory overhang drove domestic steel mill utilization to less than 70%. Our steel operations operated at [indiscernible] of utilization, still ahead of the industry as shipments declined 16%. Flat roll is definitely the hardest hit, and our flat roll shipments declining 20% in the quarter. While our company wide exposure to the energy sector approximates only 8%, it is higher to our recently acquired Columbus flat rolls steel mill, which was particularly impacted by both imports and reduced energy sector steel consumption. In 2014, approximately 40% of Columbuss product mix related to the steel tubular business, but which about half was tied to the energy sector. In 2014, imports represented almost 60% of due domestic steel tubular consumption. And during the first quarter 2015, imports of the goods increased again almost 50%. As you may recall, our first order business upon closing the Columbus purchase was of further market and product diversification. Moving toward a greater number of customer relationships and a broader mix of value-added product lines serving more industries. Unfortunately, its really nice to have a strong energy market last a little longer within which to accomplish this task. But that being said teams are making tremendous progress in automotive from construction related products, as well as utilizing the benefit of existing SDI customer relationships. Were also making good progress [indiscernible] Mexican export opportunities but as we had previously stated these market shifts do take time. In the interim, we continue to improve Columbuss operating costs and product quality capabilities. We will further diversify the product mix of Columbus through 2015 and into 2016 to provide a commercial flexibility existing at our other steel mills in order to mute market volatility and optimize financial return. It is still abundantly clear to us that acquiring the Columbus mill was an incredible opportunity for Steel Dynamics. Leveraging synergies across two highly efficient flat roll steel mills and eight coating lines provides us a unique opportunity to significantly increase value for all our stakeholders. In addition, creating a single flat roll group provides us a platform probably utilize our core competencies, allowing us to develop stronger customer relationships, maximizing logistical efficiencies and savings, grown our product capabilities through the gauge and strength diversity and diverse via geographically into the Southern U.S. and Mexican regions to further increase exposure to high growth markets. Overall while its still challenges created turbulent environment, all of our employees performed well in the first quarter, driving operational and financial metrics that were again one of our peer group. Our most significant recent organic projects are great examples of SDI employed performance. The addition of premium rail to our product portfolio allows us to become the preeminent rail supplier in North America. Both the domestic Class I railroads have qualified our premium rail and were setting shipping records for [indiscernible] rail. Were receiving great quality reviews. The capability to weld 320-foot rail length versus the conventional 80-foot rail, gives us a strong competitive advantage. It provides our customers with a high quality product that has 75% fewer welds. This improves safety by significantly reducing the number of potential failure points. And the longer rails also save our customers money by reducing maintenance costs and installation time. We believe domestic rail consumption will increase during the next three years to five years based on railroad investment forecasts, which we believe are still substantively intact despite the energy decline. Additionally, the growth in other sectors would also demand both new rail investment and replacement of rail. Were committed to this market, and are still targeting 300,000 tons to 350,000 tons annually. First quarter 2015, total rail shipments were slightly higher than the fourth quarter, while the portion of premium rail increased over 20 --. We expect to see further improvements in both volume and a higher proportion of premium rail through the year. The product and capacity expansion within our engineered special bar quality operations also continues to ramp up and show good benefit. The SBQ markets have been less robust in the large diameter sizes for the last several months. And our ability to now produce smaller diameter bars has provided product diversification, and an important support to mill utilization. The annual domestic SBQ market is typically consumed about 8 million tons to 10 million tons, of which smaller diameter bars have historically represented about 50% or 55% of that market. So, we dont believe our market share expectations have an additional 325,000 tons is unreasonable. The first quarter was particularly challenging for our metals recycling business. As we suggested in January, lower steel mill utilization, combined with ample scrap flow and subdued export activity resulted in a dramatic drop in scrap pricing during the first quarter. Prime scrap fell approximately $110 per gross ton in the quarter, while obsolete grades dropped approximately 85% - $85. Interestingly, strong prime scrap generation provided excess availability reversing the typical $10 to $15 per ton premium generally gone for this grade. Export scrap levels have fallen in the past two consecutive years to volumes significantly lower than recent historical norms. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the southeastern U.S., continues to compound volatility and continues to constrain margin as processors are all competing for the same material. We reported a slight operating loss as rapidly decreasing ferrous and non-ferrous prices contracted metal spread and shipments decline. We expect both scrap volume and margins to improve in the second quarter as domestic steel mill utilization is expected to improve and scrap price volatility to abate. Nonetheless, a symbiotic relationship between our recycling operations and steel mills allows us to have a lower average input costs as compared to our peers. Regarding our Minnesota operations, as discussed on our January conference call, nugget facility was idled in February to reduce companywide iron nugget inventory and to install equipment in the iron concentrated facility in order to reestablish product yield. As planned, the iron concentrated equipment was installed and product yield has shown significant improvement. When operated at full capacity, concentrated cost would return to $750 per metric ton delivered to the nugget plant. From a broader raw material view, imported pig iron pricing has decreased significantly in the past several weeks, sourced mostly from Russia. And its currently at levels below our expected iron nugget cash cost of $340 to $350 per metric ton. Given the unexpected [indiscernible] decline and non-traditional source of the imported material, which is typically sourced from Brazil. Were assessing the longevity of this pricing erosion, and in the meantime, I know - trustworthy will remain in an idle state, at least until a review with our Board of Directors in May. The fabrication platform continues to achieve strong operational financial performance. Chris, and the team did a phenomenal job. Our first quarter financial performance is only $340,000 less than our fourth quarter record results. And thats during the first quarter, which is seasonally the slowest construction quarter of the year due to the impact of winter weather. According to the Steel Joist Institute, year-over-year domestic joist shipments increased over 20% in 2014 as we gained market share, and our shipments increased over 38%. The team continues to perform exceedingly well both in market share advancement, and leveraging our national footprint. It is a credit to the foresight and positioning work of the team over the past several years. Based on sustainable increase demand and market share gain, we have added production shifts at several of our plants, creating more jobs in our local communities. The strength for this business provides a key window into the strength of nonresidential construction activity. The steel market is at an interesting point. The U.S. has strong demand dynamics in place. Consumer confidence is expanding - continuing to improve boosted by significantly lower prices of gas pump and bullish equity markets. Durable goods and construction investment continue to grow both key measures of U.S. steel consumption. Forecast for the two largest domestic steel consuming sectors, automotive and construction, remain intact. Automotive is forecasted to grow to almost 18 million units over the next few years. Overall construction spending and domestic manufacturing continues to trend favorably. Most importantly, our customers reforming positive market fundamentals. However, the excessive levels of steel imports and lower seasonal demand dynamic, combined with high inventory levels and scrap price volatility has caused an uncertainty for the consumer so, they are waiting. As the inventory overhang subsides in the coming months, the underlying market demand should give support to steel product pricing. Scrap flow remains good and the strength as well will continue to compete in the export markets. So, the new strong drivers for scrap price appreciation. We therefore expect raw material pricing to remain somewhat stable at current levels. In short, the second quarter 2015 may continue to be challenging, as the market finds themselves. But we believe the fundamentals are supportive of the stronger economic growth this year. We believe the current global growth expectations, combined with global production over capacity would certainly be an industry headwind of steel pricing, but as raw material prices remain at lower levels, there is margin expansion opportunity later in the year. Additionally, in order to insulate ourselves from imports, part of our strategy is not only to develop strong customer relationships but to also manufacture products that are more able to compete with, on a global basis so such as our plain and flat steel, highly engineered SBQ steel, and longer life rail. As such we were able to mitigate some of the import impact, and maintain [indiscernible] mill utilization rates, when compared to our peer group. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. Our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model, were at the market cycle. Were focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, partnering with them to create value and do what they need today and anticipating what they will need for tomorrow. As we look ahead, we continue to be optimistic regarding our future. Yes, Columbus is one aspect of our story and our organic growth projects another. And we believe we are also fully prepared to take advantage of new opportunities that lay ahead. The strong character and determination of our employees are unmatched. The dedication to customers and passion for excellence compels us as a management team to the high standards of performance. I thank each one of them and remind them safety is always the top priority. And again, thank you everyone for your time today. So Manny, we would love to receive calls from our audience.
Question-and-Answer Sessio:
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from Luke Folta of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Luke Folta: Nice work this quarter.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Luke. Thank you.
Luke Folta: I think first question, I was hoping to discuss Mesabi a bit. You had, you talked about the cost structure being in the $340, $350 range as you had said previously. If we operate under the assumption that iron ore prices stay where they are for a while and pig iron prices stay below $300 a ton and ultimately the project becomes uneconomical. I mean from a longer term perspective I guess how important is it to have a scrap substitute source, to the extent, I mean theres likely things you could do to improve Mesabi, but if we just assume for a second there is an, do we - should we expect later on that you might be making investment perhaps into your iron, and something that could bring you an internal source?
Mark Millett: Well, I think, Luke our perspective on DRI in particular is one that still, we have problem returning or having a good return through the cycle that there will be good times perhaps, but its not a technology that we want to invest in. Yeah, it may give you iron units at the current market price, but its not, I dont believe, its going to return you a great deal of money on your investment. Regarding the Mesabi nugget, selling with the recent drop in iron ore costs along with the strengthening dollar, pig iron pricing decreased significantly recently. Its only pierced the level of the price support for the last several years, 360, probably 380 has been a floor for pig iron. And it certainly has pierced that and currently they ran about 260, 270, 275 in the Netherlands, but certainly below our cash cost nugget. The sourcing has changed although for Brazil, its been our principal importing partner so to speak. But that has changed, Russia seems to be the predominant supplier today. And Im not so sure how long that will last, obviously the valuation of the Ruble, and then iron ore costs is - makes it very attractive for them to bring it in today. But were just accessing the longevity of the current pricing environment. And as I said, we continue to review, discuss it at our board meeting in May. And Im sure well make the prudent decision as we go forward.
Theresa Wagler: Luke, I would add that, I wouldnt want you to forget that we do have Iron Dynamics, which has been producing around 250,000 metric tons of pig iron for the Flat Roll Division in Butler, which is very important to their productivity. So, we do have an additional iron source as well.
Luke Folta: If you wanted to keep Mesabi on a long-term idle to maybe a couple year idle, if thats the way it turned out and perhaps turned out at a later point, if needed. Is that something that you could do?
Mark Millett: Certainly, yes, obviously- this spectrum of options, were evaluating them all.
Luke Folta: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Tony Rizzuto of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Rizzuto: Thanks, very much. Hi, everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Anthony Rizzuto: Hi, Mark. I got a couple questions here. First, on the service center side, would service centers support a price cycle right now in your opinion?
Mark Millett: I believe that there is opportunity for upward price movement as inventories subside. Obviously, the - youve got a period of excess inventory overhang today. I do believe pricing has overcorrected as mills have struggled to retain an adequate backlog. The import discount today is significantly below the $100 to $150 per ton, but it has taken for customers to take a speculative risk for import volume. So, I think naturally, as the inventory level does subside, and I think it is - if you look at our order profile, people are coming to us with large orders today, and they are prompt orders. Those are signs weve seen in the past that inventories are sort of are getting holes, and becoming more imbalanced. As that inventory level subsides, I expect naturally the market can absorb a price increase.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay. So just to confirm, you guys are seeing improving orders, so inquiries clearly picking up, orders picking up, where would you see your lead times? Have they begun to extend then at this point?
Mark Millett: Well, they are extending from some pretty horrific levels.
Anthony Rizzuto: Right.
Mark Millett: But nonetheless, the order input rate at both Butler and Columbus picked up quite significantly.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. We had - at Columbus, we had the two best weeks since September and we see it continuing, we believe.
Mark Millett: Yeah. Obviously pricing still is under pressure, but its the first time.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay. Good, good. And just a quick follow-up on the Mesabi, then one other question with me. On Mesabi, are you - is it totally written down now at this stage?
Theresa Wagler: So, weve valued the Minnesota operations, Tony together. And at the end of December, we felt like we had it down to the fair value, and I would suggest that the nugget facility itself has been written down substantively.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay. All right, great. And just on Columbus, so the recent uptick in oil price, has that benefited you guys there? And if you can bring us up to-date with the mix shift in synergies, if you could provide some granularity, perhaps percentage improvement based on what youre kind of targeting in terms of goals there for the mix shift and synergies?
Mark Millett: Yeah. I think the recent uptick in oil price is certainly directionally the right thing to have in first. Again, in that space, youve got a massive inventory overhang that needs to dissipate, and you also have a considerable input volume. But with time well turn that market around, and I think later in the year, and its going to take some time for that inventory to dissipate down.
Unidentified Participant: To very much, to very much so. Youre right.
Mark Millett: Okay.
Unidentified Participant: Again, to try to give you a little granularity, its difficult to do, because weve really been pushing new products, weve been pushing expansion into automotive and into other applications and which are new for SDI, but were begun under the Severstal [ph] reign and now being developed in a more fully fashion. So its a pretty much across the board, were very pleased with the receptance, weve improved the pickling performance, as well as coal rolling and galvanizing, and those in turn are giving us opportunities to go back to customers that we may have failed in the past. And so those arent necessarily new products, but they are headway into a market that weve been absent from for a little while.
Anthony Rizzuto: Could you guys give us any sense of where you were operating Columbus at during the quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah, so from a year-to-date perspective Columbus was just under the 70%.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay. All right, Theresa. Thanks very much. Thats all my questions. Thank you.
Mark Millett: Oh, just Tony just, you did ask about the synergy update?
Anthony Rizzuto: Oh, yeah, yes, please. Thank you.
Mark Millett: I would suggest that they are working quite well on the cost compression. Certainly, just recently, I think the team renegotiate with the power contract down there that will bring savings, and on the customer front diversifying the product mix, a new steel team, I think has done incredibly good job penetrating BMW, BW and the Ford, late to pick up potential opportunity there.
Unidentified Participant: And I guess, all Id say is that, I think weve turn the corner in the beginning of the reestablishing our relationships with our customers that are down in the region, but thereve been customer of Butler, and not being fully utilized from a Columbus perspective, and those relationships are being warmed up, and hopefully bearing fruit.
Mark Millett: We still have an incredible excitement there. Yeah again as I said earlier, its really unfortunate that the energy in market didnt last a year, but they - weve been challenged before, and well survive this one too.
Anthony Rizzuto: Sounds like a good progress is being made. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Evan Kurtz of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Kurtz: Hey good morning, guys.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Kurtz: There is a question on the metal spreads. You mentioned that in February, we have this big scrap move down, but youre not really going to see any of the benefit of that until we get into the second quarter here just given the inventories, and in the FIFO accounting. So, how should we think about the second quarter, steel prices have also edged down a bit over the past couple of months obviously. So, would you actually expect at this point to see FIFO metal margin expansion in the second quarter or flat or how should we think about that?
Mark Millett: I think, Evan, its a little too early to tell because again lead times are or backlogs arent stretched out into May or June as yet. Well certainly see on the sheet side the benefit of scrap move as that inventory, high priced inventory got consumed in March and April and lower price stuff gets consumed later in the quarter. I would suggest that our fine values, particularly with Butler they have been historically, have been above the general market. And again, that pricing has come off as we come closer to market and maintain a backlog. So, we anticipate some margin expansion, its difficult to quantify like this one.
Evan Kurtz: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks. And then I know you guys dont drive the bus on these things, but any thoughts on the Potential Trade Case and we keep reading about potential timing there?
Mark Millett: Dick?
Dick Teets: Yeah. Okay. I guess Id say that everyone recognizes and hence why the conversation is there that I think between 2013 and 2014 imports increased much under 40% and year-over-year in the first quarter and many products increased another 30% or more. And hence thats why the focus has been on it. But the industry including SDI continues research on trade cases and well file the cases when the industrys Legal Counsel believes the timing is right, when there is unfair trade in the form of both dumping and or subsidies can be demonstrated. And so were - were working on things, we have our counsels communicating amongst interested parties of participation. And were - were focused on.
Evan Kurtz: Okay. And then maybe just one last one, you kind of hinted at or didnt hint, you mentioned that you got a new power contract on Columbus. Just given the weak energy markets out there, could you maybe try to quantify a little bit, what sort of benefit you might see this year from not just Columbus, but your power costs as cost of spectrum?
Dick Teets: Well, I guess thats - thatd be a tough one to quantify that the contract that Mark was referring to is really a follow up to the original contract that Columbus had under prior owners and some of the programs were coming to a completion here this spring. And so what we negotiated, it was a not an extension, a new power contract, but with slightly better performance, but its slightly, its not going to make a huge impact, but its still that we look for every of opportunity to be executed on. As far as other energies meaning natural gas, that we consume around that company we have hedges in place just about everywhere, again varying levels based on the strength of their backlogs and order books. One or two locations that do not have hedging opportunities based on their tariff and the contract arrangements. But were comfortable at each of those that theyre, theyre constantly looking at energy efficiency opportunity. So I think itd be very hard to quantify.
Theresa Wagler: And then just as a reminder, natural gas is about 3% to 4% of our manufacturing costs and then electricity tends to be closer to 67%.
Evan Kurtz: Great. Thats helpful. Okay. Ill hand it over guys. Thanks so much.
Mark Millett: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gordon Johnson of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Gordon Johnson: Thanks for taking my question guys. I just wanted to piggy back on the trade case comment. Weve had some recent discussions with people in Washington and they told us that theres two different dynamics being discussed now. One is overall legislation with respect to getting, I guess, awaited the ITC and the DOC looks at the trade case and then as the official trade case. And what heard is that, I guess attacking both of those things at the same time could be somewhat tough. So the different legal I guess entities looking at these are looking to wait to increase the strength of the trade case. Can you guys comment on that? And then I have another follow-up.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess all I say is that needless to say current legislation as it moves through Congress is being watched whether it would be TPA or TPP. I guess we are independently pursuing lobbying in a manner that is a responsible through our elected officials on those issues. And were also supportive of potential legislation whether it would be through an independent move or an addendum to another build thats there for the modifications of the injury calculations. Again tragically it takes a catastrophic collapse on industrys part whether itd be steel or any to really do the terminations and so were looking for different definitions to be used from an injury calculation standpoint but I can assure you that we are not resting on our laurels looking at filing trade cases on many other different products that are being under siege in the steel community.
Gordon Johnson: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, lastly just again on the trade case, weve heard that from some industry specialist said steel companies - certain steel companies need to report two quarters of losses. This doesnt seem to be a static rule but have you guys heard these same comments and do you think thats accurate or do you think now a trade case could be filed? And thanks again for the questions.
Mark Millett: Well, as I said no timetable has been determined. I dont know that theres a written rule thats talk about two quarters of losses. It has to do with performance needless to say negative performance is - what is looked at and the magnitude of that. And so, sometimes it occurs in a longer period and sometimes its very quick and dynamic. And so, each and everyone has looked at independently.
Gordon Johnson: Thanks again.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Murphy of UBS. Please go ahead.
Matt Murphy: Good morning. Theresa, you mentioned the potential that some growth opportunities could be considered that push up your CapEx this year. Just wondering if you can provide some thoughts on what some of the considerations are?
Theresa Wagler: Well, theres several different projects that we have that were looking at internally and will announce those and talk about those when we get to a point in price where were ready to execute but I just think it could possibly push up the CapEx later this year as this projects get approved.
Matt Murphy: Okay. And I guess on the fabrication segment, its good to see such a strong result in Q1, and I was a bit surprised how much, how well you did on pricing, just wondering how sustainable that price is? And is that something moved up as steel prices recover or it will be determined just based on demand within fabrication?
Mark Millett: Thanks for the question. I think that the demand capacity relationship is such that, there is no flow thats going to fall off from under us, if steel prices increase, I believe weve been able to move those along through the supply chain. Things are just very well positioned at the moment in our industry. And we should be able to react to, whichever direction things are at.
Matt Murphy: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jorge Beristain of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
JorgeBeristain: Hi, good morning guys.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Jorge Beristain: I just wanted to get back to the cost, input cost, and just again are you guys currently profitable at your other raw material supply in terms of iron ore?
Mark Millett: I guess we - the only iron facility we have were Iron Dynamics.
Jorge Beristain: Yes, Iron Dynamics, right. Are you guys currently profitable there, Im just trying to understand, Theresa had mentioned that youre still getting supply there about few hundred thousand tons a year. And so, is that sort of an independent profit making unit right now or is that indirectly also being subsidized?
Mark Millett: Well, its certainly not being subsidized, the transfer pricing is based on pig iron pricing essentially. You also have to remember that - pig iron go into the electric arc furnace which adds substantial both the cost and productivity advantage. So iron dynamics is integral into the productivity, and the cost structure of Butler, but under itself, its still a profitable entity.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. And then at Mesabi, could you comment if, you said, youre going to have a board review decision there. But roughly assuming current iron ore prices hold flat, and youre able to import, you said from Russia, it sounds like below that operating cost. If you were to idle that facility for a longer term or do a full shut down there, what kind of EBITDA cost savings would that generate and versus the current market environment on an annual basis?
Mark Millett: Yeah, Id prefer to wait until we have that review in May, and make a final decision and well let you know the details.
Jorge Beristain: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timna Tanners of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Timna Beth Tanners: Yeah. Hey, good morning everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners: Both Theresa and Mark talked about the capacity, and the balance sheet to pursue opportunities ahead. And so, I just wanted to get your latest thinking on M&A opportunities in the space. So I know its probably a broad question, but to be a little more specific. There is a lot of financially stressed scrap companies or shredders and may be some fabricators and service centers, so just wanted to get your broad comments on kind of where, what end markets or what products, what type of opportunities you might start to look at?
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, as we discussed, and I think, as you look into our results, we had an incredible quarter even as challenging as it was and kind of cash generation was quite dramatic and again sort of a testament to our operating model, a low cost structure, highly variable cost and the team is just doing a phenomenal job. And we expect that strong cash generation to continue in any event in any market. You saw that we increased our dividend 20% in the first quarter, again I think thats testament to, where we see the future of that cash generation, certainly the confidence, I am more confident in our performance and continued performance. So far as sort of cash allocation beyond that, we do feel that there are some small organic projects that we can still leverage and then also as you indicated, therere going to be acquisition opportunities, I think going forward. Our focus, I would suggest is not in scrap in any great way. Obviously, that industry, as weve suggested in the last 12 months is about to go into a shakeout and I think were on the doorstep of that - there is a lot of financial stress throughout scrap organizations everywhere we look. I dont believe that we will be in part of that shake out in a larger way. I think our focus seems to be downstream, and still make inside of our business, for sure, where we can get a value-add opportunity and increase the quality of our margin. And now, New Millennium is executed on its growth path, done an incredible job. I think it was a couple of years ago, Chris when we -- after we both see, we repositioned that business, had a lot of management sort of change to fill that up. His charge - his teams charge was to go execute, that they done so. And I believe there might be opportunities that we can also give them support.
Timna Beth Tanners: Okay. Thats helpful. I just want to also ask a little bit a general question about, its been the best times, the worst of times in terms of flat roll pricing over the last 12 months where we had a really steady price level about $200 a ton higher in current spot market, now were at these depths that you say you know were creating a over corrected. But do you think that as prices recovered, do you think the mills are going to be more mindful of the import offers, given the strong dollar going forward or do you think theyre just going to look at the domestic market in their lead time still independent of the import environment?
Mark Millett: Well, and I do would say yes. They would be mindful of the relative pricing between domestic and global markets. The human nature and capitalism tends to get away from here - from time-to-time. I dont believe, we will see pricing spreads get up to the $200, I think it was $230 a ton that back in -- look forward over the last year. I think theres every opportunities to expand margin though. Again, I do believe pricing is over corrected as mills have chased the backlog. The spread between domestic global pricing has dissipated dramatically today, its certainly way below the $100 and $150 premium that or discount that attracts an inflow of ton. And I also think that the whole utilization obviously there has been less fixed cost absorption at the mills. So, as we go forward, as pricing sort of rebalances, as we pick up more volume, the fixed cost per ton will increase. And so, there is certainly margin expansion opportunity with a stable scrap market.
Timna Beth Tanners: Okay. Thanks for your answer.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Korn of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Korn: Hey, good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question. It looks like were all waiting for the same inflection point right now, but beyond this turn in the cycle, should we be bridged, should we expect to return to this kind of challenging quarter regularly until we see substantial capacity largely in China taking offline, with scrap lower, iron ore lower, coking coal taking a leg down. Do you have concern that another turn of lower input costs spins the wheel again until it reached the point where there has been enough pain to bring the global supply demand into better balance, maybe thats happening now, I dont know, Im looking for your thoughts there?
Mark Millett: Well, its difficult to see that raw material costs go much lower with oil pricing like its come up a little bit here in the last week or two. But $50, $55, I would suggest is certainly - certainly a flow. And scrap pricing, I believe has reached to the flow, and level of stability. As Russ indicated in the last call, that the reset button has certainly been pushed and I believe the scrap arena, the recycling world is realizing that we are doing a new level now. The flow - absolute flow has started to come back as brokers and dealers recognize that its not just a [indiscernible]. So I think there is opportunity as previously discussed for the market to pick up, pricing to pick up and margin to pick up through the end of the year. Were a cyclical business. Those un-relations will continue to be there - the rest of our lives more likely. We endeavor to try and mitigate or mute those cycles to a small degree. Again our focus is in a very broad product diversification. We see that the advantage there at Butler and in our other mills. We certainly see the Achilles heel when you dont have that at Columbus right now. And Im confident that the team over the next 12 months will diversify that mill such that we never see such a - some of the re-inversion again going forward. So, I think, yes, we see those in un-relations. I do believe you will. But theyre probably being more like those in 2012-2013 and not as precipitous is the one that weve seen.
Matthew Korn: All right. I appreciate the answer. Let me ask more particularly about the domestic market end-use demand. When youre thinking about the big buckets; construction, auto, energy manufacturing, how would you say your reads change relative to when you reported at the end last year. Is auto looking worse, is construction looking better, isnt overall maybe slight contraction for the U.S. and total demand for steel, is that a fair forecast today?
Unidentified Participant: I believe that underlying demand, our picture of the underlying demand remains relatively intact with the exception of across in energy, it depends on when you say at the end of the year, but you go back to the September, October, our energy thoughts were perhaps a little different than thats of today. Automotive remains incredibly strong, manufacturing appears solid to us and we do believe construction is, continues to recover. The performance at New Millennium is just outstanding. I think it gives us a window into the recovery. Unfortunately the beam market isnt necessary seeing that same shift, as were fighting with same issues of the sheet. Inventory overhang there, you got a pretty large amount of inflow steel that came in at the end of last year in that last couple of months and that needs to dissipate. As the weather changes, that inventory dissipates there, I think our structure business will pick up, back up.
Mark Millett: So, I would say, I dont see a massive changes in underlying demand. Our major headwind as an industry, certainly I think probably only one that concerns me is the SDI - is the input pressure.
Matthew Korn: Appreciated. Best of luck for the rest to you.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Gambardella of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Gambardella: Good morning everyone.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Gambardella: Question mark on, if you could talk a little bit about the timing lags that you see in that will impact your metal spread particularly in the sheet market, your sheet market business, you had the scrap prices usually lead steel prices down and you had to reverse this time scrap held up, and now youve seen scrap come down. Can you talk about, how you see the timing lags on both your steel price realizations and particularly on the sheet business, and the scrap cost going down. How thats going to impact with the second quarters and the third quarters going forward?
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- on the scrap raw material side, its not much different than weve reported previously. We carried about four weeks or five weeks typically of a - the typical production the month at steel mills. So, the -- you got two of it, one, the industry fell through, which would typically suggest that youre going to see the lower raw material level hit in sort of April, essentially May timeframe. That extends a little bit, because the production levels have been down in April. So we should see sometime in May, June, our own material cost come down. On the timing of pricing - our product pricing on the sheet side of our business, we cant lag the CRU index of the market, I would say buyback [indiscernible].
Theresa Wagler: Mike, just to be clear - the drop that you would have seen in the quarter called scrap taken in February - so for the February buy. We typically would have seen most of that in March where were not able to see that in March. Were going to see that more in April. This timeframe we can just slow our production. And so as Mark talked about [indiscernible]. So were still - were going to see some of that benefit earlier in the second quarter.
Michael Gambardella: How do you balance these lower scrap costs filtering-in because you have the higher variable cost versus up two thirds of your competitors domestically are more fixed price - fixed cost with iron ore or integrated producers. How do you balance your new lower cost structure with taking share and the ability to take share from two-thirds of the market domestically and putting more pressure on pricing?
Mark Millett: I dont think we will - theres a need to put full pressure - look when you say pressure on pricing, I assume, downward pressure. I dont believe that theres any need for further downward price structure. I think were going to see that weve hit a bottom. See things, again you got a couple things happening like as you know, inquiries have no doubt coming down, were seeing it as I said in the order profile that our customers have given us. You also have some blast furnaces that are out so the demand is - demand, capacity generally has ebbed little bit. So I dont see a need for downward pricing pressure, I think weve bottomed, the spread between domestic pricing and global pricing has eroded to a point where at least if I was a customer or consumer, Ive got no idea why you would take a speculative risk, the quality risk, the claim risk, and everything else associated with an import done today. So, import levels should naturally start ebbing, and then take any pressure from.
Michael Gambardella: Do you feel you are currently gaining share in the sheet market?
Mark Millett: Well, were certainly seeing a significant increase in order rate.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. I think, it needless to say, as you just mentioned blast furnace outages, as they run through their slab inventories and so forth. Theres maintenance outages, we think advantageously took our maintenance outages early, and have those behind us, and are prepared to take advantage of the opportunities going forward, and that would needless to say translate into a slightly higher share, may not be sustainable in the real long-term when flat furnaces come back in the market, but our mission will be to hold on to with and play for more.
Michael Gambardella: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Justine Fisher of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
JustineFisher: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Justine Fisher: I just have one other question thats a steel price environment, sorry to kick the dead horse here, but the question to you guys is can the steel prices increase meaningfully if a dollar doesnt weaken, or is the dollar even strengthened?
Mark Millett: I think is the price, well, the dollar does two things. I guess, it creates the import pressure, which puts pricing pressure to our market, and it produces the operating costs of strong competition, which gives them a greater ability to reduce cost. I think that the principal headwind as I said to both the utilization and the product pricing is the level of import.
Justine Fisher: Okay. So basically, because when I think - I think if people look at where steel prices have gone, they can - you can bifurcate it into the raw materials question and the dollar question. So on the raw material side, it definitely seems as though, the consensus is that they can go much lower. But on the currency side, I mean could that continue to be a headwind to prices going meaningfully higher as a lot in the market seemed to expect in 2Q and 3Q?
Mark Millett: It depends, it depends where you see the dollar go, is it going to strengthen significantly more than we see today. I think our perspective is that this is going to be a pretty stable. It certainly not going to weaken in the near-term for sure. It certainly will create that the input [indiscernible] competition to bring materially, the price of up handle and put up and today. I think it is 400ish per ton. By that time you get that to a Midwest location, probably run about at 450, 460 and lo and behold thats where the market price is today.
Justine Fisher: Okay. Thanks for that. And another question I have is just on the kind of high level view of what the engagements for this scrap industry now, someone had asked if you guys were interested in acquisition in scraping and you said no, but how does it end, I mean assuming the dollar just stays even stable so the export market is not great so the U.S. scrap industry remained under pressure. I mean, does if we think about liquidations of smaller scrap, I mean does that put significant pressure on the scrap reservoir, and then prices go up? Or does it just mean that the remaining yards collect the same amount of scrap so we shouldnt expect the scrap pricing necessarily go up because of a shortage? Is it just a matter of who is collecting it of who is collecting it as opposed to how much scrap there is? I mean, should we be think about there being like a much higher scrap market in the next two years if there is a meaningful shake out in the industry or is a just a game of shuffling the cards in terms of ownership.
Mark Millett: I think its a lot of - let roughly expand and lets what it is more of the shuffling of the cards, the scrap reservoir actually is good, the prime generation is phenomenal, right now. Again because the old model seems so strong, thats why youre seeing the kind of the inversion of the prime obsolete premium. I think as the industry goes through a shake, the impact is not necessarily on the price of scrap, the market price of scrap to the mill, its a matter of what the scrap industry pays for its obsolete scrap. Obviously today theres fierce competition between all the players, and theres a lot of them, and that changes. So will there be competition for those units? Russell.
RussellRinn: Yeah I would agree [indiscernible], I think again the amount of scrap which is generated in the U.S. not going to move down significantly, not going to change significantly, I dont think even in the long term. So I think, what youre going to have is fewer players collecting the same amount of scrap.
Justine Fisher: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Andrew Lane of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lane: Hi, there good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Andrew Lane: Really just - really just one big picture question from me. Weve always appreciated Steel Dynamics low cost position in the market, but just take a step back and look at the bigger picture. Given local cost deflation in major steel producing countries like Brazil and Russia and significantly lower seaborne raw material costs for previously high cost operators in China. Has Steel Dynamics positioning on the global cost curve changed at all over the last couple quarters?
Mark Millett: Well, our cost structure given that the price of scrap coming down is obviously dropped. And I would suggest that relatively as others come down, thats where we change our relative position. But theyve come down closer to us, and we remain as effective and as efficient as anyone. I think, the recent scrap move is certainly reestablished the industry and the states to be at somewhat on a hard metal cost basis, attractive, whereas the integrated mill have a advantage there for a few months.
Theresa Wagler: The other thing, Id just pass you to remember is that, we treat 85% to 90% of all our cost are actually variable in the nature, which is something that most of these are these other operations cant really approach that level which is a big benefit on the competitive side as well.
Andrew Lane: Great. Thanks and congratulations on a resilient quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question from Brian Yu of Citi. Please go ahead.
Brian Hsien Yu: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Hsien Yu: Hi, Mark. That the flat roll does get a lot of attention likely so, but the loan products markets and merchant bar, rebar tends to fly in the radar a bit. And if Im looking at the numbers correctly, you got no margins that are actually expanding premiums versus import tend to be remaining high. Is there something fundamentally different here versus the role, in terms of, how imports can respond to one of these pricing dynamics?
Mark Millett: Well, I think it tends to be more established sort of the trade roots in the relationships on the sheet side of the business. And just the physical nature of the [indiscernible] versus the structural tends to make it more meaningful to import. Structural quarter-over-quarter has seen a slow, but continue to increase in the import level for sure. I think that may have anticipated a little bit, here recently, because the industry readjusted its pricing. What was that though
Unidentified Participant: [Indiscernible]
Mark Millett: Yeah. And again that adjusted the domestic level spread again.
Brian Hsien Yu: Okay. Second question is, Im not sure, if I miss this, Mesabi Nugget whats the ongoing idling cost associated with it?
Mark Millett: You didnt miss it Brian, we didnt said that.
Brian Hsien Yu: Okay. Is that something you can tell us...?
Mark Millett: I dont mean to be positioned, but were - after our May board meeting or review, I think we have clarity for you all to what that might be?
Brian Hsien Yu: All right, maybe try a different one, the fabrication backlog and your shipments in the core, I think were up about 19% year-on-year. What is - is there anything you can gain from your backlog in terms of you have the fabrication volumes might unfold for the year. Are we - is it strong - so strong that wed be looking at that double-digit growth rates for your fab business?
Mark Millett: Well, the indicators we watch, if you look at the typical order life cycle for us, Brian its about 12 weeks, 13 weeks. So youre about at the quarter. Code activities are stiff, remained strong, so we believe that thats indicative at least through the next quarter. We see continued strength in the architectural billing index. We see bookings year-over-year as the industry still in double-digits. So, we dont have any cold water to pull on it at the moment. We only have that to go by, and right now, our customers are fairly bullish. The one thing, we dont face quite to the extent of our other product lines is the import pressures. Most of our imports that we compete with come from are limited in North America. And so, we are really sensitive to what the domestic markets doing, and how our industry is aligned to serve that market and both remained healthy at the moment.
Theresa Wagler: Brian, from what we can see right now, I dont think, its unreasonable, weve think that double-digit growth in shipment is possible based on market expectations in our current market share.
Brian Hsien Yu: Okay. Great. Thanks, its helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Phil Gibbs of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Philip Gibbs: Thanks. Good morning. I just had a question on the supply demand dynamics [indiscernible] and a long products markets, and how that might be a bit different relative to what you are seeing on the flat roll side? Or imports - have imports been as big of an issue there for you.
Mark Millett: Well, needless to say with our product diversification, by mill we dont have as a large of a concentration as some of our domestic competitors doing a long products arena, but rebar remains under attack even with the successful or partially successful trade case that was a result on rebar. I will tell you that weve tried to remove our self from the rebar market as much as possible, serving our longtime loyal customers and so forth, but just reducing the amount of exposure that we are attempting to turn on from an inventory cycles perspective. Another long products, Id tell you that were doing extremely well, Steel of West Virginia running flat out basically a 100% utilization of their time. Theyve brought on 12 new sections of [indiscernible] flats and so thats product differentiation there is no other domestic competitor. Those are used in ship building and marine applications and were getting tremendous reception from the marine architects and fabricators and so forth. So were excited about that, but it is a different dynamic than the flat roll, the product by product again we developed a new product in Pittsboro, a threaded rod. Were going to trial three inch threaded rod this quarter and that just stands to again be another success to us. So we have a little bit greater opportunity to push out and into other arenas in the long products. They are all demanding but we are very proud of the efforts that have been made today.
Philip Gibbs: Okay. Terrific. And then a question on Columbus if I could, any update you could provide us on the synergies there and maybe some progress moving more toward utilizing the downstream assets?
Unidentified Participant: Well, I just say that we continue to explore our synergies on a weekly basis, we have employees going both directions, in all the arenas, whether it would be melting, casting or hot rolling. And then finishing as you pointed out that we have a great opportunity we just put a manager and galvanizing, he comes out of the Butler operations. We deployed the existing galvanizing manager into the engineering arena. And so there has been a management shift to try to bring maybe faster acceleration of the integration and the synergy recognition between them. But I dont have a dollar, I cant dollarize it for you, but I would tell you that both teams are serious about it. Butler is gaining knowledge from the way Columbus has done things in the past. And Columbus is I think reaping the benefits and will continue to of the integration process and the realization of those synergies as we go forward here.
Mark Millett: Yeah, I think to put a number on it, were probably around $12 million $15 million by the end of the year.
Theresa Wagler: The outside of any product mix shift et cetera. So more [indiscernible] we talked about.
Unidentified Participant: I mean one point again, weve introduced different ways of thinking about stuff and I think there actually their head count is down by 45 people. And again not because theyre put into any distressed mode so forth. Its actually just a different methodology, we had different programs. Were still going to implement order entry systems that for that weve developed over the years and that will help them streamline opportunities were not - were not done.
Philip Gibbs: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Charles Bradford of Bradford Research. Please go ahead.
Charles Bradford: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Bradford: Hi. As we all know U.S. Steel has announced that theyre going to put in an electric furnace into Fairfield, Alabama. Itd seem like that furnace isnt enough for them to continue their current mix and they may very well be going at a flat rolls deal. Are you seeing any of their customers beginning to gravitate towards you and Columbus? Because that would be sort of like the natural progression of things.
Mark Millett: I dont think we have, Charles. Not yet. Its probably a little premature. But certainly if that does happen, I think it would certainly help Columbus in a great way. I think theyve got a doubling line down there, doubling lines, which will help dramatically.
Unidentified Participant: But I think needless to say they have options, theyve have other facilities in which they supply slabs. And so it would be I think a little bit premature for us to determine what U.S. Steels thinking is going to be as far as total asset utilizations.
Charles Bradford: I think that customers are beginning to think about supply?
Mark Millett: Sure. Theyre thinking it. Needless to say were thinking about the customer from the scrap side and so its cuts both way there.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you very much.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you, Chuck.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Nathan Littlewood of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nathan Littlewood: Thanks guys. And I appreciate all your time here this morning, being so generous with it. I just had a couple of questions on trade cases. I guess if we distill the situation down, there is fundamentally two parts. One is the demonstration or proving if you will of material injury then there is the existence or otherwise of anti-dumping or dumping and the countervailing duties or subsidies. So I guess if we think about it in the context of those two parts, are you able to kind of or tell us whether in your opinion you believe that the material injury had all has already been met. And if so, does the absence of the trade case today imply that given things like currency and fuel prices and freight rights, somewhat not, it is actually pretty hard to prove there is dumping actually taking place at the moment?
Mark Millett: Well, I think, I can tell you that again each of us in the steel industry look at who we believe the targets of our - of our cases should be, we divide up those and work on them independently. Everyone who is participating in a possible trade case will bear a share of responsibilities to go into the home markets of those countries, determine what the market, home market prices are for the products in question. And we also then do research on subsidy potential because as you pointed out that the account bearing duties are really to address the subsidy issue and antidumping of course is the unfair trade practices of selling in our market at a number as lower than our market or other markets that they serve. And so, I can tell you that there is some tremendously large percentage of damages, potential damages that we believe are being exploited improperly, illegally and those would be the subject of any case. But even a question earlier about the strengthening dollar, and whether that would influence from a pricing, as the dollar is moving in single digit percentages, Im talking double digit and triple digit damage being done here, in some cases or in some products, and so, it could be, were not worried about the changing dollar to really affect the trade case issues.
Nathan Littlewood: Okay. But I guess thats certainly useful background, but is it stand today, do you feel like youve proven the material injury, and that hurdle has been passed. And that therefore were at the point now, where it sort of made about whether or not there is a reason kind of [indiscernible] and dumping going on?
Mark Millett: Well, again I cannot speak for - I only deal with my trade council, and I cant talk about as I dont know about any of our competitors, and their material injury, needless to say their products where as an industry were under attack and yet SDI still makes a profit. So, therefore we had to wait until all the trade councils communicate on those issues, and then that of course would affect the timing.
Nathan Littlewood: Okay, got it. Okay, thanks very much guys. I appreciate the information there.
Mark Millett: Youre welcome.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Curt Woodworth of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Curt Woodworth: Hi, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Curt Woodworth: Just want to get back to the metal spread question, Mark. Obviously since the last mid-quarter update youve seen fair amount of incremental pressure there with flat roll down about $30 to $35 a ton in scrap. Seems to be that bouncing somewhat in the U.S., so lot more in Europe. So, I just want to get your take on, on how that should flow through to you guys given, it seems like you are talking about four to five week lag mechanisms, because thus far metal [indiscernible] pretty resilient for you guys, I mean you are only down slightly year-on-year and about $16 this quarter relative to your average yet. If I look at total numbers for this year on a spot basis, spreads were about 190 versus last year they seemed to be averaging about 270, so is there - is there some offset on a long side, or is this a lag - a lag this year that we need to think about?
Mark Millett: Ill let you conclude at that, but I would suggest, and Ive not looked in detail, not just recently quantifying the difference between this year, last year, and any other year. But sequentially, again as we suggested earlier, the - on the upside of business we should see the benefit of scrap that was sold in the second quarter flowing in. As Chris alluded to and I alluded to, yeah, she thinks that it will little soon and I with six weeks to eight weeks after February. We put the full benefit there, obviously the market pricing on the sheet is under pressure at the second, but as that inventory dissipates we truly believe, well see an uptick in pricing because of the that the I dont say priority, but the erosion of domestic level pricing. So, generally we should see margin expansion in to some degree not massively in the second quarter, something well see it through the second half of the year.
Curt Woodworth: Got it, okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Aldo Mazzaferro of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Hi, good morning, Mark.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Aldo.
Aldo Mazzaferro: I wanted to congratulate on the earnings youve reported and the balance sheet improvement and the free cash flow and dividend in - such a tough quarter. Im wondering, do you see further scope for the reduction of working capital going forward or do we think we saw most of it in the first quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Aldo, I think do we still have an opportunity for some working capital reduction - that working capital reduction that you witness in the first quarter was largely related to value versus there are still opportunity on the volume side. So I still think there is some opportunity for some working capital funding into the second quarter.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. My next question is on the scrap business. I was amazed that how you minimize the damage from this volume and pricing. And Im just wondering Russ, maybe can you tell us how you did it? Was it early in the quarter, you just clampdown on the scale pricing, and sold your inventory early. I dont know, I just wondered, if you could just explain a little bit how you managed to come out with such a minimal loss on it, such a bad quarter for scrap?
Mark Millett: Its just a magic, Aldo. Its just a magic. No, its just again, its good and top team, and the depth and the talent of our scrap team. They - again manage their business very well, they did a good job of controlling their inflows and maximizing their outflows, and its just as simple as that. Again knowing that that we saw thats coming, and since that coming that we managed our business quarterly and again it contributes to the team.
Aldo Mazzaferro: So we saw - if you saw prices flat from here for the second quarter, do you think youve any change in your metal spread or roughly stable?
Mark Millett: Well, its - if we say - if we see top prices flat from here to the quarter.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Yeah.
Mark Millett: I would say, its still bad luck there, although there is still awful lot of competition out there as we talk about earlier. So, again weve got a still lot of orders, so weve got - weve got to participate at whatever level. So, ideally when the script selling price goes down, the buying price ought to go down in accordance or more, thats always what we try to do, whether were successful at it, I guess well have to wait to see in June or in July.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Thanks. And then I just finally kind of a similar question on the steel side. I think the pricing ended the quarter at the low point, when I gathered. So, going forward, if we stay at flat pricing, were probably going to see lower average pricing in the second quarter, and yet you are picking up some benefits in a FIFO basis from the step class, declining. Theresa, when you say your metal spreads in second quarter would be improvement from here assuming flat pricing? I mean assuming flat pricing from the end of the quarter?
Mark Millett: Yeah. I think we stated out of that -- too soon to know, but were going to get the scrap benefit. Order backlogs are not substantial. So you dont know really where the May, June pricing will end-up. What we do feel that therell be a slight margin expansion are.
Aldo Mazzaferro: Great. Well, thanks Mark. Congratulations.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you the next question is from Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Philip Gibbs: Just a quick follow-up here. You said your utilization in Q1 I think was around 73%. Any range that you can provide us for the second quarter?
Mark Millett: Again Phil, without transparency into May and June it would be hypothetical at this moment in time. I would say though that its up, again Butler and the - and Columbus in particular have had strong bookings and there is no reason to think that as inventory dissipates, that should change.
Philip Gibbs: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, everyone. I dont know if anyone still on the call after we beat that dead horse and then in times on spread, and market. But I just would like to emphasize the differentiation of our team, and our company, and our business model. I think were continued to be well positioned, a low-high variable cost structure, the low fixed costs coupled with the highly diversified product mix, will continue to generate a very, very strong cash flow through the cycle. And as things, pickup, it should pick up also. We certainly clearly differentiated ourselves, I think consistently outperformed our peer group. And we got a passionate team and have a wonderful customer base to support that. Our organic initiatives, engineered bar and rail are proving to - continue to prove our abilities there. New Millennium Building Systems, I mean continues to shine and so I think were well positioned to going forward, so I appreciate your continued support of our company. And to our customers, thank you for your support also. To our employees, sincere thanks; your passion for excellence, hard work and dedication is backbone of our company and just as we all say each and every day, each and every minute we say, thank you all.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentleman that concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great and safe day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director of Investor Relations Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher A. Graham - Vice President and President of New Millennium Building Systems Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating Officer of Omnisource Corporation
Analysts: Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, January 29, 2015, and your participation implies consent on recording this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. Happy new year. Welcome to Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for a replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the company's operating platforms, including Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrications Operations; and Dick Teets is on vacation. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, January 29, 2015, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions, Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed Forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thank you, Marlene. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. I hope and trust 2015 will be bringing you all health, happiness and prosperity. 2014 was transformational for Steel Dynamics. Due to the foundation put in place during the last several years, both operationally and financially, we're able to execute on organic growth initiatives while also taking advantage of acquisition opportunities. We strengthened our company and provided more opportunity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our positioning was rewarded through 2014 as we introduced new value-added product capabilities, further diversified our product portfolio and geographic presence and successfully executed our large acquisition, the addition of the Columbus Flat Roll mill, which adds approximately 3.4 million tons of hot-rolled capacity, bringing our total annual capability to some 11 million tons. The dedication and hard work across the Steel Dynamics team and at all platforms has certainly been the cornerstone, making 2014 a memorable year. Despite 2015 began with some market instability, we believe our earnings catalysts and underlying market fundamentals support the opportunity for a strong 2015. Now I'll turn the call over to Theresa for a few comments on our financial results, and after that, I'll share my thoughts on where I see both the near- and longer-term opportunities for SDI. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Good morning. Despite the challenges related to effective steel imports in 2014, we achieved significant growth and solid financial results for the year, remaining a lowest cost, highly efficient steel company and delivering quality products and services to our customers. We achieved another year of best-in-class performance compared to our peers. The year was full of records. We achieved record consolidated revenues of $8.8 billion, 18% higher than prior year; record steel shipments of 7.4 million tons, 20% higher than 2013; record steel fabrication shipments of 481,000 tons and fabrication operating income of $52 million. That's almost 7.5x last year's results. We also achieved record liquidity levels of $1.6 billion, along with a very strong credit profile. For the year 2014, excluding the noncash asset impairment charges recorded in the fourth quarter and the purchase accounting and acquisition costs related to Columbus during the year, adjusted net income was $323 million or $1.35 per share. This compares to net income of $189 million or $0.83 per diluted share in 2013, a 71% improvement over prior year's net income on an adjusted basis. On the same adjusted basis, 2014 operating income was $612 million, representing a 58% improvement over last year's results. Including the mentioned charges, on an unadjusted basis, 2014 GAAP reported net income was $157 million or $0.67 per diluted share, and operating income was $320 million. For the fourth quarter of 2014, and excluding the same items, our adjusted net income was $97 million or $0.40 per diluted share, within the range of our adjusted guidance of between $0.38 and $0.42. Our adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $195 million. Describing the adjustments, during the fourth quarter, we recorded lower cost or market material -- excuse me, we recorded lower cost or market raw material inventory adjustments for Minnesota and additional purchase accounting adjustments related to Columbus. This reduced our gross margin by approximately $18 million or $0.04 per diluted share. We don't estimate additional future purchase accounting adjustments. Based on our purchase price allocation, the price is very close to book value, and we recorded only $20 million of goodwill related to the Columbus acquisition. Regarding the fixed asset impairment charge related to our Minnesota operations, their operating performance reached a steady pace in the fourth quarter of 2014, indicating the consistency in production, capability, process and cost structure. As we indicated in our December 17 guidance release, we intended to perform an assessment of the recoverability of the carrying value of their fixed assets. We concluded that the carrying value of fixed asset was not fully recoverable when compared to their estimated remaining future and discounted cash flows. Accordingly, we recorded a pretax noncash fixed asset impairment charge of $260 million in the fourth quarter. After giving effect to our joint venture ownership percentage, the impact on consolidated results was $213 million pretax or $0.55 per diluted share. Mark will share further comments regarding the operations in his commentary in a moment. Fourth quarter 2014 revenues were $2.5 billion, 8% higher than the sequential third quarter. Our gross margin, as a percentage of sales, was comparable to the third quarter when taking into consideration purchase accounting and lower cost or market adjustments. You may also have noted there interest expense increased $13 million in the quarter. This related to the September combined bond issues of $1.2 billion used to fund the Columbus acquisition. Pertaining to our steel operations, annual 2014 volumes and metal spread both expanded. Annual operating income improved 38% to $706 million, excluding purchase accounting. For the fourth quarter, we also achieved record shipments of 2.3 million tons, a 23% improvement over the third quarter, but our metal spread contracted. Scrap raw material prices declined 3%, while overall steel prices fell an average of 4%. Excluding the Columbus purchase accounting charges, fourth quarter operating income for our steel operations increased to $224 million in the quarter based on volume improvement. For our metals recycling business, the environment is still very challenging. Year-over-year, 2014 ferrous and nonferrous shipments increased, but metal spread contracted based on falling commodity prices during the year. Full year operating income declined 31% to $44 million. For the fourth quarter, both ferrous and nonferrous shipments decreased as both export demand and domestic steel demand declined. Ferrous metal spread contracted due to the oversupplied market environment, and fourth quarter operating income decreased to $3 million. On a much different note, our fabrication operations excelled in 2014, recording record shipments and record operating income of $52 million or $108 per ton shipped compared to $19 in 2013. The momentum continued into the fourth quarter despite seasonality of construction, making another quarterly record in operating income of $22 million based on record quarterly sales and expanding margins. Operating income per ton shipped improved from $135 in the third quarter of this year to $159 in the fourth quarter, an 18% improvement. We continue to see improvements in the underlying nonresidential construction demand. This is good news for everyone. During the fourth quarter, we had strong cash flow generation of $320 million, and for the full year, we reached our second highest annual level of cash flow from operations of $618 million, almost double 2013 annual results. Annual working capital provided $36 million of funding and $117 million in the fourth quarter based on decreased customer accounts and inventory levels. 2014 capital investments totaled $112 million, well within a typical level of spending as we completed construction of our 2 larger organic growth projects related to SBQ and premium rail, and we focused on the integration of Columbus. We currently estimate 2015 capital expenditures to be between $150 million and $175 million, but this number could increase as we proceed through the year and evaluate new projects. We also allocated $105 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during 2014. Our Board of Directors increased our annual cash dividend by 10% in the first quarter of 2013 and another 5% in the first quarter of 2004, evidencing their continued confidence in the strength of our cash generation capability, financial position and optimism concerning our future. Throughout market cycles, our operating performance generate strong cash flow from operations based on the low, highly variable cost structure of our operations. In late November, we increased the amount of our senior secured credit facility and extended its maturity to 2019. We expanded our revolver from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion and entered into a new $250 million term loan. Subject to certain conditions, we also have the ability to further increase the combined facility size by a minimum of an additional $750 million. Combined with our strong cash flow performance, the resulting record liquidity at December 31, 2014, was $1.6 billion, comprised of our undrawn revolver and $361 million of available cash At the end of the year, our net debt was $2.7 billion, with trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion, including a full year of Columbus. This results to net leverage of 2.5x, a profile already aligned with our preferred through-cycle net leverage of less than 3x. This is a testament to our disciplined approach to grow, creating shareholder value through sound capital allocation and an efficient balance sheet. Additionally, our debt maturity outlook is incredibly flexible. We don't have any near-term meaningful maturities, and those of a longer term are well laddered. We believe that our capital structure and our credit profile has the flexibility to not only sustain current operations but to support additional growth. Thank you. Mark?
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thank you, Theresa. And I think, as I listen to that, we tell our teams that if we execute on our strategy and remain committed, the financial results fallout, I think it's an incredible testament to our employees. We've got 7,700 people now, and as a whole, yes, do we have some challenges in small pockets of our business? For sure. What an absolutely incredible performance by our guys and girls. So thank you to that team. The -- again, thanks, Theresa. The constant for -- or in our company is safety. It's an integral part of our culture. Nothing is more important than creating and maintaining a safe work environment for each and every employee. Our safety performance continues to be better than industry averages, and our overall incident rate continues to decrease. But our goal remains a 0 safety incident work environment. About half of our locations went the entire year without an incident. So we know this high standard is possible, and we're going to be implementing new initiatives this year to continue our drive toward our goal. Our total steel shipments for the quarter were a record 2.3 million tons. We achieved annual record shipments from each of our 3 Midwest mills. Columbus also achieved their highest shipping rate this past year, and again, congratulations to all those teams. It's worth noting, despite high imports and if you exclude Columbus shipments, our pre-existing steel mills achieved a record shipment level this year. Imports, as a percentage of domestic consumption, increased from 23% in 2013 to 28% in '14. Despite this wave of additional material, domestic steel production utilization remained generally unchanged between 77% and 78%. This depicts the increasing demand for steel and the growing domestic economy as new steel companies produce roughly the same amount of steel while domestic consumers were also buying large quantities of foreign products. While these challenges created highly competitive market conditions, our employees performed exceptionally well, driving financial metrics that, again, were at the top of our peer group. The addition of premium rails to our product portfolio positions us to become the preeminent rail supplier in North America. And nearly all the Class 1 railroads have qualified our premium rail, and we're receiving great quality reviews. And the capability to weld 320-foot length rail versus the conventional 80-foot rail gives us a strong competitive advantage. It provides our customers with a high-quality product at 75% fewer welds. This improves the safety by significantly reducing the number of potential failure points. The longer rails also save our customers money by reducing maintenance cost and installation time. We continue to believe domestic rail consumption will increase during the next 3 to 5 years as both replacement and new rail are required, based on railroad investment forecast, which, we believe, are still substantively intact despite the recent energy declines. In addition to what's still needed for the shale industry, the growth in the U.S. economy related to other sectors will still demand new rail investment as well as the continued need for replacement maintenance rail. We plan to increase our rail shipments alongside this growth, and I told our rail customers that we are committed to this market and are targeting at least 300,000 tons annually. This enhances our profitability through both product margin expansion as rail elicits a better profit margin than structural steels and also cost compression through increased volume. Our capital investment was $26 million and continue to expect that project payback will occur within 2 years. Rail shipments increased 8% over 2013 as we shipped 220,000 tons of rail. We expect to see further improvements in both volume and a higher proportion of premium rail in 2015. Commissioning of our engineered bar capacity addition is also complete. The new rolling mill is performing well and producing high-quality products. We continue to receive positive customer feedback and appreciate our customers' continued loyalty and support during our expansion. We're confident that our trusted customer relationships built on quality and on-time delivery will allow us to increase our market share to fully utilize the added 325,000 tons of capacity in the coming years. The annual domestic SBQ market is generally about 8 million to 10 million tons. Out of that, small-diameters bars represent about 55%. So we don't believe our market share expectations are unreasonable. Our capital investment was $95 million. Based on current results, we believe the project -- payback will occur within that 2 years, as we expected. We shipped 647,000 tons from our engineered bar division last year, an increase of over 30% from 2013 levels. We expect to increase that amount again in 2015 with further improvements in both volume and product mix based on our increased capacity, anticipated demand and market share growth. It's also becoming more obvious that acquiring the Columbus mill was an incredible opportunity for Steel Dynamics. Creating a single flat roll group provides us a platform to fully utilize our core competencies. It's allowing us to develop strong relationships with our existing and new customers, maximizing the logistical benefits, broadening our steel ship product capabilities through width, gauge and strength diversity. They're complementing our current product portfolio with further exposure to high-growth markets, and we're also diversifying geographically into the Southeastern, U.S. and Mexican regions. Leveraging synergies across 2 highly efficient flat roll steel mills and 8 coating lines provides us a unique opportunity to significantly increase value for all our stakeholders. The fourth quarter is particularly challenging, though, for our metals recycling business. Our overall shipments in both ferrous and nonferrous materials decreased as did our operating income. Nonetheless, the symbiotic relationship between our recycling operations and steel mills allows us to have lower average input costs, as compared to our peers. Through November 2014, ferrous scrap exports were about 16% lower than the prior year. Export scrap lows have actually fallen in the past 2 consecutive years, with volumes significantly lower than recent historical norms. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the Southeast in the U.S., impends volatility and continues to constrain margin as processes are all competing for the same material. Although the ferrous market has remained essentially flat the last 3 months, the reduced export pressure, additional imports, ample scrap flow and the recent softening of mill utilization is causing a substantial supply overhang, with the likely result that the scrap market -- and I coined a rust run phase [ph] -- that the scrap market will hit a reset button in February and March and will bring scrap closer to its historical relationship to iron ore. Regarding Minnesota. Theresa discussed the fourth quarter impairment charge, and I'll now update you on the operations. The team actually has truly made great progress. During the fourth quarter, their operating performance reached a steady state, indicating consistency of production capability. We still believe the cost structure will ultimately be in the $340 to $350, maybe $360 per metric ton range. In order to do this, volumes must reach 32,000 metric tons per month or 360,000 metric tons annually. During the fourth quarter, our average monthly production was just under 28,000 metric tons, which is a solid footing, I think, to further ramp up the volume to that 32,000 a month. We also see the need to install equipment for the iron ore retrieval process. In the third quarter, we described the need to install scavenger equipment to improve yield, and that is -- and that it would be installed in November. However, the equipment was delayed at the ports, and we only now just receiving it. The plan is to install and commission it before the end of March. This should bring our cost to line come straight back to the level established in 2013, which is under $50 per metric ton. The cost was higher in the second half of 2014 due to lower recovery rate resulting from finer-sized tailings in the current base. But had we been at the $50 cost level during the fourth quarter, excluding the impairment charge, we would have actually been cash positive. The good news, we're producing nuggets at a steady pace. Unfortunately, as a result of the steady production, both steel mill utilization in December and January and transportation issues relative to bringing the nuggets down from Minnesota in the October to November, December period, we've had an overhang of volume of nuggets. So in order to correct the inventory situation and to allow the iron recovery equipment to be installed and commissioned to generate lower cost concentrate, we intend to warm idle the nugget production facility for some 6 to 8 weeks starting at some point during the first quarter. This will allow us to bring inventory production and cost to a better alignment. After several years of challenge, the fabrication platform had an absolute blowout year. Chris and the team did a phenomenal job both financially and operationally. Our fabrication operations hit the trifecta: achieving record annual shipments, record operating income of $52 million, and the highest level of market share. Industry utilization continues to improve, and it is certainly true for us. Based on sustainable increased demand and market share improvement, we've added production shifts at several of our plants, employing additional people in our communities. According to the Steel Joist Institute, the year-over-year domestic joist shipments increased 21%. Our annual joist shipments increased over 38%. The team continues to perform exceedingly well both in market share advancement and leveraging our national footprint. It is a credit to the foresight and positioning work of the team over the past several years. Regarding the macroeconomic environment, consumer confidence recently surged to its highest level since 2007 as labor statistics improved and people saw significantly lower prices at the gas pump. Durable goods and nonresidential investment each grew in 2014, both key measures concerning continued strength in U.S. steel consumption. Consumer spending also improved in the quarter. Forecast for the 2 key steel consuming end markets, automotive and construction, remain intact. Automotive could grow to almost 18 million units over the next couple of years. Overall construction spending continues to trend favorably. Despite fourth quarter seasonality, construction spending actually edged down about 0.3%. Manufacturing remains solid, and our customers are reporting that they remain busy and are forecasting growth through 2015, affirming positive market fundamentals. That being said, we have 2 current headwinds: one, the deteriorating energy market; but more importantly, imports. Firstly, energy. With the growth of shale now comprising -- the growth of shale actually makes the OCTG goods consumption around by 10% of our domestic demand. With the shock, that drop in oil price, OCTG consumption has fallen with rig count. Inventory is being reduced throughout the supply chain, and imports of both scrap and pipe are still on the system. The associated reduced demand has had a marginal effect on the Butler sheet mill as only a small percentage of these shipments are energy related. At Columbus, however, approximately 20% of the shipments were related to energy products, such as OCTG and line pipe, and they are seeing a greater impact. If you look at us, company-wide, exposure to energy markets approximates 8% in our steel business. We will further diversify the product mix of Columbus through 2015 and into 2016 so that we can move from market-to-market to optimize return. There are many reviews concerning the time line for recovering oil prices, but the constant is that oil pricing cycle is up and down. And it's inevitable that stronger pricing will return. It's just a question of when. Past cycles have demonstrated a return, about 70% of the prior peak, after approximately 12 months from that peak, thereby suggesting recovery beginnings in Q2 of this year. Imports had a second wind. I would suggest the most important headwind. While domestic demand remains robust, global economies are battling slow and inconsistent growth, resulting in weak global steel consumption. Global overcapacity, strong dollar and low raw material costs have been driving a historically wide price disparity between U.S. and foreign mills, and unfair trading practice only continue to compound the problem. Although now receding with the recent erosion in domestic pricing, the large price spread drove imports to a peak of 11.4 million tons in Q4 and were a near record 43.1 million tons for the year, a historical high of 28% of total demand. The combination of seasonally lower demand and elevated imports resulted in increased customer inventories, particularly for our distributors, and consequently decreased selling prices. We believe this overhang can be resolved in the first quarter 2015, with customers reportedly coming back to the market in strength in March. However, this has had a dramatic effect on our order entry late in the quarter, with mills throwing back production to match their respective order books, and this has continued into January. The associated low mill utilization, ample scrap flow and subdued export market will likely result in a drop in scrap pricing in the coming months. Anticipation of lower scrap pricing has already helped erode hot-band price, reducing the spread to levels that will begin to dissipate the attraction of imports. However, as the inventory overhang subsides, the underlying market demand will give support to product pricing while scrap trends lower towards historical relationship with iron ore. As raw material prices decline, the price support will provide opportunity for improved margin. In short, the first quarter may be challenging as the markets find themselves, but we believe the fundamentals are supportive of strong economic growth in 2015. We believe the current global growth expectations, combined with global production overcapacity, will be a headwind to steel pricing for the foreseeable future, but as raw material prices reset sharply, there's a margin expansion opportunity. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we continue to focus on the opportunities that maximize our financial performance. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrate the sustainability of our business model throughout the market cycle. We're focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, conquering them to create value and deliver what they need today and anticipating what they're going to be needing tomorrow. As we look ahead, we continue to be optimistic regarding our future. Columbus is one aspect of our story and our organic growth projects that are beginning to benefit our operations, now another. We believe we're fully equipped to take advantage of new opportunities that lay ahead. Our resolve to maintaining a differentiated growth company that effectively and efficiently performs through all market environments is unwavering. We believe our superior operating culture, best-in-class performance through the market cycle and the strength of our financial performance provides clear evidence of a successful business model and a differentiation to our peers. The strong character and fortitude of our employees, I believe, are unmatched. Their dedication to our customers and passion for excellence compel us to achieve highest standards of performance, and I thank each one for their hard work and dedication and remind them that safety is always the first priority. So again, thank you, everyone, for your time today. And Kevin, we'd like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Brett Levy from Jefferies.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: It sounds like things are kind of slow in January and maybe slow in February. Can you give a little detail around that and just sort of give a sense, kind of order book by product in that sort of sense?
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Well, again, if you look at demand, I think that the -- just sort of the overview. The strong import level and the fact that mill utilization haven't really ticked down [ph]. I think it just emphasizes that the underlying market fundamentals, underlying demand is absolutely there. And as I spent time with our customers -- I've been doing a lot of that the last 3 weeks. They certainly are busy, they are confident and they express growth through 2015. And depending on who you ask, they're looking at a 5% to 10% growth. Again, as we said before, not a hockey stick but slow incremental growth and demand, and I think things support that. And that's supported by the growing factory activity. If you look at the truck and tonnage volumes, they tend to be -- continue to grow and almost at record levels. Manufacturing is solid. Automotive is incredibly strong. And I think importantly, nonresidential construction, which I emphasize -- it's probably 40% of the steel market. It continues to show growth. Fabricators are busy particularly on the commercial side, and I think the -- and I've said it before. The visibility of our joist business into that market is a clear signal, and Chris continues to facilitate -- perform there. Chris, do you want to give some -- a look on that?
Christopher A. Graham: Yes. I think that some of the things that we should take note of, our backlog as of December 31, Mark, was the highest year-end backlog, full size and value in our company's history. Our customers continue to be bullish regarding demand and in 2015, and as usual, I think our team is well positioned to successfully compete for that business. We see a lot of variety in the type of work we do, which is always good, from small things to big box to institutional, and indications are that, that will continue.
Mark D. Millett: And I think the -- if you look at the softness, end of the last quarter and going into January and it's probably going into February, again, I think it was a combination of a strong import level. And that arrived at the distributors -- it started coming through in the supply chain and strength at the end of the quarter just as a little bit of seasonality, the tip of winter, the seasonally hit. So service centers, inventories have certainly grown, and that people just took their foot off the older -- or the sort of accelerator. I think people have also been anticipating this drop in scrap. And so people are -- they're kind of trying to readjust, tightening their inventories. They're buying currently on an as-needed basis just to fill holes, and I think it's the overhang -- that supply overhang subsides with the good demand, we'll start to see the order rate pick up in the latter part of the first quarter into the second half. If you look at our backlogs -- again, I don't want to paint an absolutely bleak picture, the Butler hot-band backlogs are around, I think, 3 weeks or so and finished -- it's around about 4, so would not in a bad shape. It's just volumes will be off quarter-over-quarter. I think Columbus is ahead or a little bit harder. They're closer to the import scenario given the Southern proximity, and they've got a slightly higher energy exposure than Butler. In total, Columbus' exposure is around about 20%, and so that's seeing a little greater impact, I think, with, yes, the Butler sheet mill.
Christopher A. Graham: Mark, again, fabrication, as we discussed on previous calls that they would stand to reason that as we continue to approach more historical norms, we see the effect of seasonality become more visible again. We've seen a little bit of seasonality in Indiana and Virginia. If their backlogs remain at all-time high -- an all-time high for this time of year. More positive news would be -- while the Northern plants, we've seen -- there's a seasonal slowing. Or entry [ph], our plant serving in Southeast and Southwest continue their -- book new work in a pace that bars any seasonal effect. And again, our expanded geographic footprint continues to pay dividends, as we mentioned.
Mark D. Millett: And just a couple of other markets. I guess, the truck trailer, material handling markets, are strong. I think that's a reflection of the large amount of freight being shipped around the country. In fact, the FCR, which puts estimates for the trailer manufacturer, actually swung. They revised their negative 6% for 2015 and actually now at positive 6%. So again, I think that tends to be positive for industry, but it's also a signal that the economy really is -- has got good demand out there. A couple of areas that we do see softness, off-road equipment, the mining, the Caterpillars, the John Deeres. They're a little light. That's impacted the engineered bar to a small degree. And then obviously, as I mentioned earlier, energy is -- affecting us all. But I think the -- our optimism is that American pricing has eroded, and it's eroded, in all honesty, a little more than you would see from plants in CRU data. And so -- whereas in November and December, the price disparity between Indiana or Midwest delivered pricing and China port pricing was a couple of hundred dollars. That is eroding dramatically. And one has to also remember you have freight expense to get it from China to here. You've got to insurance and other things. Probably, there's a $40 or $50 additional cost to get it to our ports. If we get it to the Midwest, there's another $40 or $45. And as I've said before, our Butler mill has a little insulation more so than, perhaps, some of our peers close to the ports. So that erosion of our spread, I think it's going to dissipate the attraction of import orders. And with demand where it is today, I think there is going to be a lesser -- the change in pricing relative to scrap movement.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: And then the follow-up is in the context of the weak environment. You guys have a strong balance sheet. Can you guys talk a little bit about sort of trade cases? And then also about, perhaps, what geographies and product areas might be interesting from the standpoint of acquisition?
Mark D. Millett: Well, as far as trade, I don't think there's been any dramatic change. Obviously, there are cheating [ph] unfair trading practices or there and currency manipulation that is compounding the import pressure. The termination of the price suspension, duties on Russian imports should be a positive for the industry -- sorry, for Columbus. As you know, the Korean OCTG was successful and that the line pipe filing against Korea and Turkey -- they comprise, I think, about 60%, 70% of the imported line pipe, had a sort of a positive commentary back in Thanksgiving -- around Thanksgiving time. And we hope that will be successful. That will be a big case. That not only impacts the import line pipe, but obviously, scalps [ph] suppliers such as ourselves, to that industry. What has been done on the corrosion resistant products, it remains to be seen, the timing of any action there. So again, no massive change in the trade picture at least from my perspective. Obviously, companies are -- don't always work through a-- They're also doing their own things. So I can't speak for them. Relative to acquisitions, as you can see, of late, folks are sort of throwing back some of their facilities, which has helping the industry in general. The elimination of -- or the reduction in [indiscernible] up in Chicago in the bar front is going to help, I think, our Pittsboro SBQ order book. And U.S. is rationalizing their facilities. I think that's a sign that everyone is looking inwardly at their portfolios, their asset base and see what is core and what is not. And that will provide the opportunity in the months and the year ahead for potential acquisition activity.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Luke Folta from Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just as a follow-up to that, I guess 2 questions on line pipes. I think you're selling to some line pipe producers out of Columbus. Just curious to know if that market is seeing the same sort of weakness as we're seeing in OCTG. And also, I recall speaking with you not too long ago about the potential to -- that there could be interesting opportunities maybe in the line pipe business for steel and have it [ph] at some point in the future, at least something that have been thought about. So just any update in terms of your thinking around that would be interesting.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think that the larger line pipe consumers that we supply recognize the softness. They clearly recognize that energy and oil goes down and it comes back up, and they don't believe there's any paradigm shift that's going to hold oil down for a prolonged period of time. So longer term, I think they're optimistic. Obviously, they're drawing back their consumption in the near future. Recognize that Columbus -- as I said, we've got about 20% exposure there. In the past, that was higher, but I -- we're back to 30% into pipes and tubes, but some of that -- or a good portion of that is actually sort of water transmission, other types of line pipe, not necessarily structural, mechanical tubing, those sorts of things. It's not all energy. So only 20% of the mill is exposed there. Relative to -- I'm not clear as to what you were getting at, to be honest, in the second part of the question, but we have tended to stay away from competing from our customers. And so we're not actively pursuing, simply getting into the ERW line pipe business.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. That answers my question. And secondly, on SBQ, just some energy leverage there as well. I mean, you mentioned some weakness on the ag side. I think that the expectation was that it's -- throughout the course of this year that you could potentially ramp that mill, the expansion, to roughly full. Is that something that you still think is possible for this year?
Mark D. Millett: I think it's -- I'm not sure I ever said we'll be totally full in 2015, perhaps I did, but I think it -- I'm reasonably confident that we can get up to the 75% utilization, which should be meaningful growth year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Brian Yu from Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, on Columbus, you guys have gotten the energy exposure down 20. I think it was actually closer to 40 in the acquisitions slide. Is that 20% level where you guys are comfortable with in terms of -- over the cycle, with the diversification, that's where you want it? Or do you plan to take that lower as you break into new market?
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Well, just for clarity, on the acquisitions slide, that referred to 2013 volumes, and that 40% was not just energy. As I said, it was also order transmission line pipe, structural tubing, that sort of thing. With the growth in shipments at Columbus over 2014, the total pipe and tube exposure is probably about 30%, and that -- actually, total shipment supply went up because we had much greater volume. The actual percentage, each stand at 30%. And as I said, pure energy, OCTG, energy line pipe is -- remains about 20% today. And I would suggest that it's probably a good level for us, but I think we fully intend on diversifying the product portfolio at Columbus. And that will allow us to shift from market-to-market to optimize returns depending on the profitability of the different sectors. That being said, we have no intent of deserting the energy markets, and I wouldn't want anyone to take that away. That's going to be a robust market for us going forward. The energy down tick, I do believe, is temporary. It's just a matter of when it returns.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then second question on the fabrication business, that seemed to be doing well. Can you give us a sense of how much of that, the business there, has in -- locked in pricing? And the reason why I asked is, we are seeing prices coming down on the steel side, and I'm wondering if you might see some margin expansion there. And then maybe part B of that is, how much of that is supplied internally by you guys? So essentially, awash versus what you purchased externally.
Mark D. Millett: Chris, do you want to take that?
Christopher A. Graham: We would tell you that it's a fairly small portion of our business that's locked in for any length of time. That approach seems to work best for our customers and for ourselves, so really negligible, Mark. If there's opportunity one way or the other, we'll tend to have to work through that quarter-by-quarter basis. We have worked. It's kind of locked in for 12 typical life cycle, maybe 12 or 13 weeks, and we would expect that pricing to remain strong there. And that'd be great. We've taken the approach of buying the steel in normalized -- in normal times from the source that best serves that plant's needs as opposed to any subsidies or anything you have to talk about buying all internally. We tend to ask the mill to fill up and what's best for their mill and their customers and new millennium what's best for new millennium. Ultimately then, what's best for the corporation is the result. But we do buy a large amount of steel from our sister mills. Theresa is asking me what percentage. I'd say 65% is probably inside. That fluctuates. It's been higher. It's been lower.
Operator: Your next question today comes from Jorge Beristain from Deutsche Bank.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question, I guess, 2 of them. Could you just talk a little bit about scrap prices, which appear to be a little bit higher versus published prices? And if you could just talk about the discrepancy and again, where you see scrap prices going and by what timing?
Russel B. Rinn: Scrap prices, I think, again, are impacted by global issues, exchange rates policy. And as we see our customer base in the marketplace, they're all faced with the same issues that our own mills are faced with, and that's the threat of imports that has grown exponentially therefore affecting their worth. At the same time, we don't have the ability -- or the scrap industry has lost the ability to competitively export because of the strong dollar and their -- the pricing level. So I think, as I see the reset button, it's going to have to get to a point where some of those exports come back. And where it gives our mills -- our old mills, the U.S. Mills industry, an opportunity to compete with foreign competition to some degree. And that's not dollar for dollar, it's not ounce for ounce, but it is just a global market situation. And again, economics are going to drive it.
Mark D. Millett: Would it be correct, Russ, to say that the last year or so, iron ore -- iron concentrate has come down very strong dramatically. And scrap, because of the export pressure -- no, not pressure, but to the export level, has remained a little sticky and this is the -- a point of reset, where that ratio gets real static?
Russel B. Rinn: Back in the normal -- normal ratios. That's correct.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And just maybe a question for Theresa. What is the remaining carrying value of the nugget facility at this time?
Theresa E. Wagler: We actually prefer not to talk about that. We would tell you that what's left in Minnesota from a material value perspective is what we believe is the fair value of the asset. And that includes all 3 of the facilities.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So can I ask if your write down equated to 50% of the value?
Theresa E. Wagler: If I did that, you're smart enough to back into some sort of number, aren't you?
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Matt Murphy from UBS.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Another question just on the internal sales. On the scrap side, OmniSource provides the scrap to Columbus, right?
Russel B. Rinn: Some amount of it but as we do with all mills, we supply some amount internally and a significant portion externally.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Yes, because I was just looking at intercompany sales. I thought they might pick up relative -- maybe external shipments of scrap going down. But maybe that's just an accounting thing as opposed to an actual cost savings for you guys?
Russel B. Rinn: This, as Chris talked about it, it's a market-driven situation. And again, you're looking -- scrap, in large part, is -- will flow to its logical freight haul creating such a big issue of all scrap that, again, the distance will make a difference to some degree.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Okay, and then just on the effort over time to diversify the product mix at Columbus, just wondering if you can give some color on how long that takes, how nimble you can be in the short term if we see energy de-stocking continuing to weigh heavily there? Just my estimate is Columbus around like 82% capacity utilization right now? And is there a possibility to improve that notwithstanding weak energy?
Mark D. Millett: I think, as we stated, that we're confident of diversifying the mix there based on our existing customer relationships. There's certainly a great deal of room to improve on the value add downstream. Because I think I also said in the past, that it's -- that's not a near term next week type of deal. It's going to work through 2015 and into 2016.
Operator: Your next question today comes from Evan Kurtz from Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My first question is on the Mesabi. So you talked a little bit about how scrap is moving down because of iron ore and currency, and I think it's probably fair to argue that pig iron would as well. And we've seen a little bit of a decline in pig iron but it also seems to be a bit sticky. And these numbers you gave you us, kind of, 340 to 360 on cost per metric ton, right now, you can eke out a little bit of profits but certainly, if pig iron falls anymore, I assume you price off of pig iron, it might be a cash neutral, maybe even a cash loss type of an operation. Would you ever consider shutting down the nugget plant? I know that Magnetation's pelletizing facility is online, so there's probably a market out there right now for concentrate and turning that into a cash positive operation, if that where the scenario would unfold?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think our position is -- well, the reality is on Q4, as we suggested, would concentrate at a $50 number, we would have been at cash breakeven, even at the 28,000 tons or 27,000-ton a month rate, that being based on the pig iron market over the last 2 or 3 months. As we edge up and ramp up the production level, again, we feel confident -- or pretty confident that we can get to that 350-ish cost basis. So the future then lies on as one views the market. To your point, pig iron has remained somewhat sticky the last year. Even -- well, the last couple of last years. Even when scrap has gone down dramatically, it seems to have stayed at that kind of 380-ish NOLA number, 390. And I think time will see, over the next couple of months, where the market plays out then.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just one more follow-up on scrap. You talked a little bit about the historical relationship between iron ore and scrap. Would you -- what you think that relationship would yield as far as if it took a -- low 60s iron ore price, what does that actually mean for the U.S. price for scrap? And then just maybe a second part of that, we're all hearing about this big leg down in scrap that were -- could get here in February. How long does that take to actually flow through your numbers on FIFO? How much inventory do you have on the ground? And would that help the first quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: As far as within what we have on the ground from a scrap perspective, we tend to always add and keep about 3 or 4 weeks on the steel side, and so that tends to be -- the way we factor it and the way you should model it, the 1 month lag. So what you buying in one month, you kind of get the benefit in, in the following month. And regarding the relationship between iron ore and scrap, I'll let Mark or Russ talk to that one.
Mark D. Millett: Right. Again, historically, just on a simple ratio, is in the 3x to 4x ore. So if you take 70 -- I know it's $65, but let's just take $70 times 4, you're at a 280-, 300-dollar number. And there are periods last year, there was this more in the 5x to even 6x range. So I think, getting back to that 3x to 4x range is a realistic expectation. I've always been a great believer, the markets -- they're uncanny. They just have an efficiency to balance themselves over time, and I don't think there's been a paradigm shift that -- on a sustained basis, we can't get back to that ratio. I think the support or the stickiness of the export level, and for whatever it was, Russ, 3, 4 years, there at 22 million tons, 24 million tons, that's 25% of the metallics market roughly. That's dissipated dramatically. And I think things will return back to normal.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Timna Tanners from Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I don't want to mess up this philosophical discussion of scraps, I have one question on that and I'll move on to something else. On the scrap side, you made a comment that with scrap falling, you could see margins expand. I don't know that, that's happened historically. So I was just wondered if you were talking about some sort of outside scrap move relative to steel? Or if you were talking about how you've improved your underlying margins and that's where the expansion comes from? Or a little of both?
Mark D. Millett: No, I guess, it's just looking at the general market pricing. The spread. Our headwind is certainly imports going forward. The import pressure is going to remain. Low below the capacity, it's going to be there for some time. The strength of the dollar, in our mind, is going to be there for some time. So the driver of the level of imports will purely be the price differential between domestic pricing and global pricing. As I said earlier, November, December, the spread, and people keep talking about a $200 spread, it's a little disingenuous because you've got -- that's the spread between Midwest delivered versus China port, and you've got to get it here, you've got to insure the cargo and not only do you have to get it to the U.S. port, you've got to get it to the Midwest. So the $200 spread, so to speak, is -- kind of amplifies the motion of it all. But nonetheless, the increased inventory level, the import level, the lower mill utilization, that is eroded -- and the anticipation of a lower scrap price has eroded domestic pricing a little more than what you might think from Platts and CRU. And that spread now between domestic pricing and Asian or European imports have dissipated dramatically and the attraction or the discount there is going to dissipate, in my belief, our customers' appetite to bring foreign steel in. So you've got that -- you're going to have a little bit of a price support there. Secondly, inventories are pretty strong right now, people don't have the capacity to bring a great deal foreign import in. And you've got underlying strong demand. So surprising, in our belief, is will it drift down a little bit? Perhaps it does. But there are some support there. On the other hand, scrap is, Russ coined the phrase, We think it's at a reset point. And so for the next couple of months, could see an adjustment there more so but then product price -- and that's where we sort of imply or infer there's the opportunity of margin expansion, even in kind of a strange market dynamic that we see ourselves today.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So steel is overshot, scrap has yet to adjust, and that can be the margin expansion?
Mark D. Millett: That could be. Yes.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then you guys have actually been importing scrap, from what I understand, into Columbus. How much of that can you capitalize on it with a strong dollar environment? Is that just a marginal strategy or is that a real opportunity going forward?
Mark D. Millett: I know -- Russ, you may know better than I, but actual scrap import, I think, is minimal.
Russel B. Rinn: Very minimal.
Mark D. Millett: Obviously, we're bringing in pig iron.
Russel B. Rinn: Pig iron, correct.
Mark D. Millett: And that's a larger percentage.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. Okay, last question, I just thought it was interesting that you were pretty decisive about the weakness and the near-term being finalized in Q1. I'm just wondering if there was something specific that was giving you that impression or is it just your timing of imports or the inventory draw down or just if you could give some color on why Q1 will be -- will contain all this weakness and then you Q2 can rebound.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I guess, it's just color more from our customers than anything else, Timna. It obviously depend on the level of imports in January, February and March. If they maintain their November, December level, maybe gets pushed into the second quarter. But the anticipation, again, because of that -- the price differential erosion, the -- I think some folks' expectation, is the import level will start to edge back and the underlying demand will pick up the slack.
Operator: Your next question today comes from Michael Gambardella from JPMorgan.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to ask you a question on, when scrap hits this so-called reset button and drops down maybe $40, $45, $55 or something like that, get it back into relationship with iron ore. Have you, at Steel Dynamics, balanced that situation in terms of price versus market share grab?
Mark D. Millett: On the -- when you say market share grab, you're talking about our market share of the scrap annex [ph] flow? Or are you --
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, just between sheet market, not in the bar market. And long products, everyone has the same scrap advantage, disadvantage, whatever, because everything is bought, produced using scrap. But in the sheet business, it's basically you and new corner, the other smaller players account for about 1/3 of the supplies of domestic sheet are made from scrap and if you get a reset down in your scrap cost for 1/3 of market supply, there's an opportunity for you and the other scrap-based sheet guys to take some market share in that environment, specially down at Mississippi, where you got 20%, 30% is -- of your demand is being impacted by the drop in oil. So my question is, how do you balance that situation or opportunity between taking more share from your iron ore-based competitors, who are not going to see a reduction in cost, and this scrap reset happen, and your ability to capture that scrap cost drop, you take some share and maybe take a little price as well.
Mark D. Millett: I guess, I think that it'll happen naturally as opposed to us sitting around the table and deliberating and saying, "Hey, we're going to get 2% or 3% or 5% or whatever." I think naturally, we're going to be in a better position and the natural -- the last few months, the -- our integrated brethren certainly have had, at least on the hot metal side, a huge advantage. Nonetheless, even with that -- and even with that advantage, our efficiencies downstream are incredible and we still make up for that deficit, so to speak. But if there is this reset, obviously, we'll be in a better competitive position, and I think you'll see that our utilization rates, as been demonstrated in the past, will be higher than industry peers.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In the past, years ago, many mills in the sheet business would basically run at capacity to capture whatever volume they could. Do you anticipate running near capacity when you get this scrap reset? In the sheet side?
Mark D. Millett: I would suggest that we will, as we do every day and every month, attempt to do so. I think the market dynamic is a little more complicated than that, and we will be in a more competitive position to get our mills up at full rate. Yes.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Tony Rizzuto from Cowen and Company.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions here. My first question, just to drill down a little bit further on Columbus, no pun intended there. But we're hearing some very aggressive behavior by another mill in the area. You probably see the oil comments and what's going on in that market. I'm wondering about the import congestion. Has that eased to the extent you're seeing import flows more easily into the South East and the Mexican market? And how is this making your job to reposition that mix, how is that affecting that process?
Mark D. Millett: Sure. You want to take that? Chris, just to add, there was information. Chris Graham here is -- was given the task of integrating Columbus, is doing a phenomenal job along with the team down there. So you want to give some color there?
Christopher A. Graham: Yes, I think, as Mark started out, we think the impact of the price of oil is going to be lesser than people may have thought, because of the lowering exposure, someone mentioned earlier that the mills was at 80% capacity. The folks at Columbus might say that they believe they have taken it to a higher percentage than that since they achieved over 3 million tons last year. But they recognize, as we do, the extra width and the opportunities of that -- or the capabilities of that mill, that there is some room there. So irrespective of some these headwinds, there are opportunities in certain construction products may not capitalize on certain value added mix down there. To Mark's point, we would -- no plans to desert anyone. We will add customers by pushing the envelope and even in the last 3 months, we've already expended daily capacity through bringing some of our best practices to bear there. We don't do a lot in the coated products. We don't do a lot of pickle and oil. Those opportunities are out there and that can allow us to affect ore rates as well as diversity almost irrespective of whatever noise is going on outside of those markets.
Mark D. Millett: I want to be clear though that Columbus right in the -- or the month of January isn't running at 80%, 85%. If February and March return, then perhaps for the quarter we could get that. But it is being impacted by both the energy and by imports.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to -- and then follow up on scrap, what do you guys think will happen to scrap flows when the reset occurs?
Russel B. Rinn: Tony, I think that certainly, there will be some impact to it, again, it will slow to some degree. Again, until the export market starts coming back up being meaningful part of it, there's plenty of scrap around in the system. So yes, there will be some slowing down. Again, a different price level brings up different levels of scrap. But in the end, until we get to a point where exports are a viable alternative or a more viable alternative, the flows or the availability of scrap is still in oversupply in the United States.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And Russ, I have heard that one of your competitors is maybe sourcing some scrap from Canada and Europe. Are you guys also?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, we look at everything, Tony, as it applies to how we support our customers in our mills. And so we do have -- on the case, I think, we talked a little bit earlier, we have had opportunistically taken advantage of some of those opportunities. So we look at everything. Again, that's part of our business is to deliver the best low cost scrap to our customers.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: All right. and I just wanted to ask this question, if I may. I heard, obviously, you're talking about different factors affecting the market. And, I think, Mark, you brought up about the OCTG case with South Korea. And interestingly, at least what we're seeing so far, maybe we're not looking at the data correctly, but it doesn't really look as if the South Koreans have really turned down or taken their foot off the gas pedal. And I'm wondering, has the devaluation of South Korean won offset the relatively modest tariffs that were set against OCTG from that country?
Mark D. Millett: Again, haven't looked it at that level of detail either to be honest.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Nathan Littlewood from Credit Suisse.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just had a question on your fabrication business. Obviously, a fantastic result there. You did mention in your commentary that you had added a couple of more shifts. But I was wondering if there was anything incremental you might be able to tell us about the sort of capacity of that business? How much scope is there to sort of scale things up further? And how much further could you take the tonnage of that business in the assumption that the demand for it exists, which certainly seems to be the case.
Christopher A. Graham: We are, from an infrastructure standpoint, positioned to probably build every joist necessary in the United States. As our other joist suppliers, the regional and the effective freight tends to limit how many shifts one can run in that particular region and not be in a cycle of up and down with employee headcount and doing things we like not to do. So we're running on one shift basically. Our market share has continued to grow 5 consecutive years now. I think that we're not the only one with late capacity. But I think we're as positioned as well, if not better than most, to continue to take -- to be looked upon to service large parts of increase in market, and in demand. So I guess, you can say we've been at -- we could double or triple the number of production crews but that's not it, we're not a steel miller on 24/7. But we have a lot of search capacity and I think that the suppliers in our industry, in general, are ready for a lot of growth and maybe we more so than most.
Mark D. Millett: And I think the -- our market share has grown to 38% or thereabouts of the market, right, Chris?
Christopher A. Graham: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: And again, there's kind of a natural freight-regulated sort of volume for the players in that business. I don't necessarily see that we will have any great change in market share going forward. But obviously, that industry continues to grow on a volume basis and also on a margin basis.
Theresa E. Wagler: And the thing I would add is that there is additional margin expansion capability, both through lower raw material costs with the support of higher pricing given the high demand, but also incremental volume going through the New Millennium facilities is exponential to the margin because the cost compression, it's just pretty astounding how volume impact their margins. And there's margin -- I would -- Chris, I also put words in your mouth, the margins can expand from where they are today.
Christopher A. Graham: Absolutely.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, on that same thing, Theresa, if we do get this sort of scrap price collapse that everyone is talking about here, and we've already seen the weakness in steel prices, could you talk a little bit about how pricing works for that steel fabrication business? Are customers immediately going to turn around and require you to pass those raw material cost reductions onto them? Or is there some sort of delay with respect to the way contracts work there?
Christopher A. Graham: Well, I think that -- the good thing for our customer base is that they're able to price things in such a way as to reflect current situations, were able to procure materials as necessary without much speculation. And so everybody understands the rules of engagement. Day to day that can change. The one thing that might provide some price support is that the market and the capacity of the providers. We're running at a very high utilization rate as the joist industry now, maybe as high as anybody can remember, ever, because of some of the changes in companies entering and leaving the industry. So as construction deadlines loom, lead times will stretch a bit. We have that capacity previously mentioned so we can still take the work. But lead times tend to offer a good support, when they get extended, the way you expedite it is to do it for a price -- provide a service for a price. It does tend to buoy the pricing even if other drivers would tell you it would go other way. Demand is going to be a big lever for one side or the other in our industry.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Much helpful. I just had one final one on Columbus. At the time of acquisition, you talked about some interesting opportunities there with respect to changing product mix and also scrap procurement. Obviously, there's been some new term headwinds that you already spoken about with respect to the ore price. So maybe the product mix thing -- side of things is not quite there. But how are you going with the opportunities that you've spoken about earlier with respect to scrap procurement?
Mark D. Millett: Well, let me just speak a little broader, perhaps for the conference integration [ph], as a whole. The team down there demonstrated a record level of production. Well, total shipments were close to 3.2 million tons, of which though about 138,000 tons were imported Russian band. The good news there is that mill is never going to import Russian band again in the future, I guess. So total shipments from the actual mill itself were around about 3 million tons. I think very, very gratifying is that if you exclude the -- without questions of canning, the LTM [ph] cash was about $306 million. This clearly demonstrates its earnings power.
Theresa E. Wagler: That's EBITDA.
Mark D. Millett: EBITDA, yes, without the synergies. And I think you speak of the synergies that we suggested some $30 million and from everything we see, that those are going to be achievable over the next 18 months. Not just in diversifying the product mix, we spoke of that earlier. That's not going to happen overnight. It will certainly occur over the next -- about 2015 going into 2016. I think the teams have done an incredible job in working together and sort of we have a plane that goes down, takes a group of our folks down from Butler and it takes a group of the Columbus folks back up to Butler. And so there's a very, very rapid sharing of best practices, I would tell you, both sides. It's not just from Butler to Columbus. I think it's occurring with a strong benefit to both mills. And it's not just on production or sort of technical issues, it's across the sphere of finance and just everything we do in business. The mill is being challenged. They are challenging themselves now that they see what the Butler mill can do relative to the gauge with the nice strength, which is going to allow us to broaden the product portfolio near term into high strength quality light gauge materials that's been a benefit to Butler over the years. And the learning curve on the coating and the pickling side at Columbus, I think, is rapid and will continue to be rapid. And those -- it's been interesting, once you get into the numbers and we talk together. They had quite a -- or they had a much higher exposure to coaters and to pickle products in the past, and unfortunately, there's been -- the past teams and some quality issues, and we lost a little bit of credibility there. I think that and working together, they are solving these problems -- those issues, and we'll gain that market share back, I think. It's a very, very positive down there.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you balance your SBQ growth comments that you made earlier with the slowing in mining and energy? Because I know a lot of those markets are served by the SBQ piece.
Mark D. Millett: The off road Cat business, again, that's not just the slowing over the last 4 weeks or a 1.5 months, that was in place through the fourth quarter, third quarter of last year. There's not a meaningful downtick to their order book sort of from segmental last year to this year. Energy is being impacted but -- and I think it's running about 15%, 20%.
Theresa E. Wagler: No, no, no. It's well less than 10%.
Mark D. Millett: Less than 10%? Okay. We've got one customer in particular there that their business, for whatever reason, is remaining a little sticky. I would say the engineered bar, in general, their order input rate is a little light. Again, people are picking holes in the inventory. It's just sort of a readjustment, I think, by everyone there. But we don't have any -- we are not losing any sleep over an implosion in their utilization -- the utilization, their backlog is reasonable right now. And once we are now getting out of the holidays, we're getting back -- all industry is getting back to work, those orders and lead times will extend.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And Mark, what's the longer-term potential within the company for the current and long-term potential to be a player in exposed auto?
Mark D. Millett: Our focus, currently, is not necessarily exposed. If you look at our Butler facility, right, 32%, 30% of their output is going into auto applications, nonexposed. And the focus is not to grow their automotive share dramatically but grow Columbus' share. I think they were about 2% or 3% auto last year in 2014. We are focused on emulating kind of the Butler's role model down there and pushing that auto percentage up to whatever, 10% or thereabouts, over the next year or so. We've actually put on a team of how many divisions we have? Six or seven, I think. Folks that we brought on from Dearborn, quite capable people in the automotive world, and they are making some progress with BMW and VW and the folks in that piece relative to qualifying products and getting some business.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Thanks, Mark. And Theresa, can you just provide us the mix as you typically do for the sheet business?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. Phil, I'm actually going to, at commercial perspective, going to combine both Columbus and Flat Roll, and were going to be a little more summary in the level. For hot-rolled and P&O, in the fourth quarter, we shipped 916,000 tons. For cold-rolled, we shipped 95,000 tons, and then for all other coated products, which include painted, Galvalume and galvanized, we shipped 447,000 tons, for a total of 1.5 million tons.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Andrew Lane from Morningstar.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Regarding effective imports, could you provide some color as to which product lines across your portfolio have been subject to more displacement than others as import volumes have risen? Any specifics would be interesting to hear.
Mark D. Millett: I think hot-band, in general, has been an issue. And I think our -- what's frustrating, our product is light gauge, which tends to be sort of as a stock building material, that standard width, standard gauges, the Galvalume. So that has impacted the Jeffersonville facility.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to the energy end market, could you provide just a rough estimate as to the sequential percentage decrease you expect in shipment volumes going in the first quarter? Would it roughly track the decrease of the U.S. rig count? Or do you think your energy-related volumes would deviate from that baseline?
Mark D. Millett: Given that we're only about 3 weeks into to the quarter, I have not necessarily looked to that, to be honest.
Theresa E. Wagler: I guess, I'd reiterate. As a company -- from a company perspective, and if you look at our steel-making capabilities, we're only about 8% in total specifically energy-related. So it's not -- I think we need to keep that in mind. And no, I don't think you should look at rig count and try to correlate that to our volume.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Aldo Mazzaferro from Macquarie Securities.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I have 2 questions. One, I think, pretty straightforward, you mentioned right upfront you had 7,700 workers at this point now. Would you be able to break those into the 3 big buckets of mills, recycling and fab? Do we have a little feeling for that?
Mark D. Millett: Let Theresa take a look at that. I've got numbers in my mind but I don't want to give you wrong numbers. So let's go to the second and we'll get back to that.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. You don't happen to remember how many people you added at Columbus though, right?
Mark D. Millett: Columbus was 600 people or thereabouts?
Russel B. Rinn: 650.
Mark D. Millett: 650, Aldo, was the addition.
Theresa E. Wagler: And Aldo, for steel, we have about 3,700 people; in mills recycling, we have about 2,300 people; and fabrication, we have about 1,200 people; and then the remainder, even though I wish they were corporate, they're not. A few corporate but they're mostly the JVs.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. Okay. And my second question, Mark, is a little bit philosophical again. Nucor came out and said they expect scrap to fall. But I'm just wondering, have you heard any good reasons in the marketplace from a supply and demand perspective why that would happen? Because I'm just thinking that the strength in the dollar, I think, was the major driver on what happened in steel and scrap, I think, since around the early part of December and I'm wondering if you see anything else that changed that maybe drove scrap higher than it normally would be? Or something that you see that might change that would drive scrap down all of a sudden.
Mark D. Millett: It's like, again, I think out of the price support for why scrap remains sticky relative to ore coming back is principally the export market. And if you consider that exports reach 22, 24 million tons against the metallics, general metallics market of whatever, 85 million tons, there's a time when 25% or 30% of scrap was going offshore. That had a major -- or was a major driver to keep pricing up, in my humble opinion. That has dropped dramatically with the relative currency, Turkey and folks can buy cheaper in Europe and from Russia than they can from our shores. So we would surmise that the export market is going to -- is coming down and will stay down. You couple that with reasonable inventories gone into the fourth quarter, quite a downtick in utilization at the end of the fourth quarter going into January. Ample flow. I mean the weather has not been -- not been bad, it's been a little gray around here, but the scrap keeps flowing. And you're actually getting scrap imported today at a much higher level than ever before. So if the -- I think you've got a sort of a perfect storm. Demand has dropped off dramatically and supply isn't as strong. And that imbalance is, I think, going to reset that market.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: That all makes a lot of sense, except I wonder why it hasn't happened yet.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we felt the same so -- sometimes you've got to be patient, though.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Well, it feels like Nucor is just saying, "Hey, you guys at OmniSource better cut the price to us and we're not going to cut steel prices and everything resets and margins get better." I don't know.
Mark D. Millett: Sorry, Aldo, we totally lost that last commentary.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I was just saying it's funny how Nucor suggest that that's going to fall when they're really kind of saying that OmniSource is going to cut price to us and they're not going to give it back on steel price. But --
Mark D. Millett: I'm not so sure what they've said.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Charles Bradford from Bradford Research.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Please, don't take this as a forecast. One of your competitors published some data showing that the relationship between shred and iron ore for the last 10 years has been about 0.8. And based on their analysis, although the data that's been presented, shred should be about $250. However, if you do shred versus WTI oil, the correlation is 0.93, and that would drive the shred price to less than $200. Now the -- that has lots of ramifications like maybe a $400 hot-band. But also, shred relates a lot to what the shredders are willing to pay for the bodies. And if they drive down, if shred were to go and it was near these kind of prices presumably, the price that shredders will pay will drop dramatically and the bodies won't show up. Is there an equilibrium in there some place?
Mark D. Millett: I think -- and I'll let Russ -- Russel, this one, answer after me. But I think you're right, the floor of scraps will obviously be set by the flow of obsolete common to the yards. Scrap has been elastic. I'm not so sure it's so elastic that you're going to down to $200 a ton. But I think there's substantial room to move from where it is today and where it has been in the fourth quarter.
Russel B. Rinn: So I would tell you that, again, I think there is -- there does become a point where economics will come into place from the collection standpoint. In other words, you get to a point, where it is not economically viable for the dealers or the peddlers or those guys to collect scrap and sell it, because they can't make a return. So again, I thought the economics will drive what that is. So again, mathematics could tell you it's going to get here or get there, but I think in the end, it's going to be those market dynamics that are going to set that low.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I just would like to thank all those that's still on the line. Thank you for your support and your interest in our company. To our customers, we will continue to -- and I continue to commit to you that we will try and create greater value for all of us. And to our employees, thanks, guys and girls, for doing a phenomenal job. We are the best in the industry, you demonstrate it clearly, and just be safe right there. Thank you, all.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. Have a great and safe day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director of Investor Relations Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President of Steelmaking, Executive Director, President of Steel Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating Officer of Omnisource Corporation Christopher A. Graham - Vice President and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research Nicholas Jarmoszuk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc. Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 21, 2014, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Owen.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Manny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics' Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for a replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the company's operating platform, including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Executive Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements, that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, October 21, 2014, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information page on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K Annual Report under the caption Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thank you, Marlene, and good morning, everybody. We hope you -- hopefully, you're having a good fall. We certainly appreciate you taking the time to join us today to discuss our third quarter results, which we believe are pretty terrific, under the circumstances, and to share with you exciting opportunities ahead for Steel Dynamics. Once again, a full-hearted SDI welcome to our new Columbus employees. As the new private owner of Columbus Mississippi Flat Roll mill, we are pleased with the progress of integration. I had the opportunity actually to attend the company picnic this past weekend, and it gave me an opportunity -- a chance to meet a lot of our employees and their families and their kids. And I've got to tell you, they were a phenomenal group of people, and they're going to fit in perfectly with the SDI family. The teams themselves, integration teams, are doing a phenomenal job. The acquisition represents a transformational step in the continuation of our growth strategy and allows us to leverage our core strengths. It's meaningful to our business and delivers significant additional value to all our stakeholders. In short, the Columbus addition brings us significant growth and exceptional financial returns, all while maintaining a good credit profile, with the capacity for additional investment opportunity. In addition to closing the acquisition mid-month, our existing SDI operations saw meaningful growth and profitability during the third quarter. The results are indicative of the strength of our business model and our culture. Those are significantly important for maintaining our best-in-class performance. I'd like to turn the call over to Theresa for comments about our financial results this quarter, and then I'll follow with additional market commentary and where I see both near- and longer-term additional growth and performance opportunities. So Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. We're quite pleased with our third quarter operating and financial results. Third quarter 2014 net income was $91 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, including the negative impact of $0.09 per diluted share related to Columbus acquisition costs, financing fees and purchase accounting adjustments. Excluding these charges of approximately $40 million, third quarter diluted earnings per share would have been $0.47, above the upper range of our adjusted guidance of between $0.42 and $0.46 for the quarter. The acquisition and financing costs are reflected in our income statement as other expense. You'll notice the elevated model. The purchase accounting adjustments reflect our initial purchase price allocation estimates, which resulted in a preliminary step-up of inventory and fixed asset values. The associated negative impact of approximately $14.5 million from additional depreciation and margin reduction are reflected as an increase to our cost of goods sold. Based on our early estimates, it appears that our purchase price is very close to the book value of the assets. The operational results for Columbus are included in our results as of the acquisition closing date of September 16, 2014, basically about 15 days. Our third quarter net sales of $2.3 billion were 13% higher than the second quarter of this year and 22% higher than the prior year third quarter. The improvement in earnings is driven by increased margins based on both metal spread expansion and volume-related cost compression. Third quarter operating income was $189 million, an increase of 43% compared to the second quarter. Regarding our steel operations, record quarterly shipments were achieved again in the third quarter, and metal spread expanded across the business. Scrap raw material prices decreased, as overall average steel product pricing improved $7 per ton. Quarter-over-quarter pricing improvements were more pronounced in our Flat Roll and Structural Divisions. Total shipments increased 13% over the second quarter, hitting a quarterly record 1.9 million tons, driven by improved long product shipments. We even would've achieved record volumes without the 175,000 tons of shipment from Columbus. These operating results led to operating income from our steel operations of $202 million, or $110 per ton shipped, an increase of 28% compared to the second quarter. Excluding the Columbus purchase accounting adjustments, operating income would've improved 37%. Metals Recycling continued to be in a challenging environment. Shipments improved and ferrous metal spread remained relatively steady. However, nonferrous metal spread contracted over 20%, primarily due to falling copper prices. From July 3 to the end of the quarter, copper pricing reported on COMEX fell over 14%. Third quarter 2014 operating income decreased $5 million compared to the second quarter. Ferrous shipments increased 2% and nonferrous shipments increased 13% based on improved copper and aluminum volume. Moving on, our fabrication operations continue to shine. The third quarter 2014 benefited from another record quarterly shipment level of 144,000 tons, surpassing second quarter's record by 37%. Increasing volumes continue to compress costs, and both margins and market share continue to expand. During the quarter, increased average product pricing achieved higher raw material steel pricing, expanding profitability. Additionally, volume is a powerful influence for our fabrication operations. It allows the team to fully lever the technology and performance-based incentive system, resulting in a dramatic compression of conversion costs. Third quarter 2014 operating income increased to $19 million, more than doubling second quarter's performance. We continue to see improvements in the underlying nonresidential demand, good news all around. During the third quarter 2014, we generated $249 million of cash from operations, compared to $76 million in the second quarter of this year. Working capital reductions contributed $86 million to the quarter. Year-to-date working capital has increased $102 million, excluding the Columbus acquisition. This is really related to accounts receivable. The key drivers are positive factors based on the demand environment and our organic growth ramp, which are increasing aggregate customer account balances. However, while the quantity of our receivables have increased, the quality has not deteriorated, and days outstanding, along with our aged accounts, are in good stead. Regarding our capital structure, we funded the Columbus acquisition through the issuance of $1.2 billion of senior unsecured notes. The remainder of the $1.6 billion purchase price was paid through a combination of available cash and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Rick and the team did a great job and accessed the high-yield bond market at an opportune time, raising $1.2 billion at an attractive long-term average interest rate of 5.3%. Although our debt maturity -- excuse me, additionally, our debt maturity outlook is incredibly flexible. We don't have any near-term meaningful maturities, yet our callability profile allows for prepayment if warranted. Even with our recent acquisition, our liquidity and credit metrics remain strong. At September 30, our liquidity totaled $1.2 billion. This includes available cash of $160 million and available funding under our revolving credit facility of $1 billion. We had outstanding borrowings on our revolver of $60 million at the end of the quarter. However, we've since repaid that outstanding balance, and we again have our full revolver available at $1.1 billion. Our total debt was $3.1 billion, with minimal secured borrowings, less than 10% after repaying the revolver. Our net debt was $2.9 billion, with trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA of $1.048 billion. That includes pro forma historical Columbus EBITDA. This results in net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA of 2.8x. So on a pro forma basis, we're already back in line with our preferred through cycle net leverage of less than 3x, a great accomplishment. Looking ahead, we believe that our capital structure and credit profile have the flexibility to both sustain current operations and to support additional growth investments. Thank you. Mark?
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. Well, once again, safety is first for us. It's the absolute highest priority for me, for each employee and our families, and simply said, our goal is to work each day incident-free. Even though our performance is better than industry averages, I know there is more work to be done, and we are moving in that direction. Toward that goal, 85 out of our 121 locations achieved 0 recordable incidents during the quarter, third quarter. Many of these locations haven't incurred a single incident this year, so my personal congratulations and thanks to those specific teams for demonstrating that our goal to reach 0 accidents is both achievable and sustainable over the longer term. Turning to business. I think understandably, recent geopolitical events, coupled with concerns regarding stalled international growth, have decreased consumer optimism and wreaked havoc on the equity markets. However, the strength of our third quarter financial performance, recent conversations with our customers and the current profile of our order books do not reflect a structural shift from the continued positive growth we have seen all year. Durable goods and nonresidential construction, 2 components of the non-services GDP, accounted for roughly 47% of the improvement in overall GDP in the second quarter. This supports our view that non-service-related GDP continues to be an important contributor to our overall domestic economy, which is good for steel consumption. Although consumer spending decreased slightly exiting third quarter, sales of our steel-consuming products such as appliances increased. Forecast for key steel-consuming end markets remain positive. Automotive continues to be strong at 16.5 million units, growing to almost 18 million over the next few years. Overall construction spending continues to trend favorably, increasing 5% through August as compared to the same period in 2013, while nonresidential construction increased 6%. Additionally, growth in the domestic shale arena continues to require infrastructure investment, which we believe will positively affect demand for steel. Recent concerns regarding stalled growth in international markets have caused large energy companies to redirect their investments to North America, so midstream to end stream investments will be required to support projects stemming from that redirected capital. Our steel operations delivered another strong quarter both financially and operationally. They shipped a record 1.9 million tons, and I believe it's worth emphasizing that our pre-existing steelmaking facilities surpassed our prior record even without the inclusion of the Columbus volumes. Our Structural Rail and Engineered Bar Divisions each achieved record quarterly shipments. Although the majority of the volume increase stemmed from structural products and special bar quality steel shipments, we also increased rail shipments by 12%. We continue to make considerable progress with the Class I railroads through the qualification process for our premium rail, which we began producing early this year. We're already qualified with 5 of the 7 Class I customers. Our quality and customer service standards are receiving exemplary commentary. This product addition positions us to become the preeminent rail supplier in North America. Currently, we're the only North American manufacturer that welds quarter-mile length strings, using 320-foot rail versus the conventional 80-foot rail. This is a strong competitive advantage. It reduces the rail's foot string by more than 75%, a significant advantage for our customers, as it dramatically reduces the potential for railment [ph] failures, there's an obvious safety benefit for them, as well as reducing track maintenance costs. We believe domestic rail consumption will continue to increase during the next 3 to 5 years, as both replacement and new rail are acquired, as suggested by railroad investment forecasts, driven in large part by the U.S. Energy Sector. We plan to increase our rail shipments in parallel with this growth and have told our rail customers that we are committed to this market, and will supply up to 350,000 tons annually to meet their needs, which enhances our profitability through both product margin expansion and provides cost compression through increased volume. We shipped just over 200,000 tons of standard rail in 2013. We expect to increase that amount by 10% or more this year, with further improvements in both volume and mix in 2015. Our Engineered Bar capacity and product offering expansion is also progressing well. We've commissioned over 75% of the entire new smaller size range, and we're receiving positive customer feedback. We've been balancing commissioning with providing our customers the on-time delivery that they've come to expect from us, and we certainly appreciate their support during this time frame. We are confident that our trusted customer relationships built on quality and on-time delivery will allow us to increase our market share to fully utilize the added 325,000 tons of annualized rate in the coming year. The annual domestic SBQ market is generally between 8 million and 10 million tons, and of that, the 3, 5/8 [ph], or smaller diameter bars, which is the area of our expansion, represents about 55% of that, so we don't believe our market share expectations are unreasonable. We shipped 480,000 tons from Engineered Bar division in 2013. We expect to increase that amount by 30% in 2014, with obvious further improvements in both volume and product mix in 2015. From the closing date of September 16 to the end of the month, our shipments include 175,000 tons contributed by Columbus. Acquiring the Columbus mill was an incredible opportunity for Steel Dynamics, creating a single Flat Roll group, which provides us a platform to fully utilize our core competencies. It allows us to develop stronger relationships with our existing and new customers, maximizing logistical benefits to create further value for them; broadens our steel sheet product capabilities through width, gauge and strength diversity; complements on our current product portfolio with further exposure in the growth areas of energy and automotive; and it fully diversifies us geographically into the high-growth Southern U.S. and Mexican regions; leveraging synergies across 2 highly efficient flat-rolled steel mills and 8 coating lines provides us a unique opportunity to significantly increase value for all our stakeholders. Collectively, production utilization for our steel operations was 90% in the third quarter, compared to 95% last year. However, the rate though is not a reflection of decreased demand but rather it's a function of increased capacity from our SBQ expansion, the 350,000 tons or so, adding to the denominator, obviously, and a 4-day scheduled outage at the Butler Flat Roll mill. Excluding the impact from these items, utilization would've been slightly above the second quarter. There obviously remains general concern regarding the recent level of steel imports and associated headwinds to pricing and industry utilization. While we obviously monitor the activity closely, we continue to see relative strength in our order backlogs. We've had 2 consecutive quarters of record shipments. Part of our strategy is to not only develop the strong customer relationships, but to also manufacture market niche products that are more difficult to compete with on a global basis, such as our painted flat roll steel, highly engineered SBQ steels and longer-length rail. This helps us insulate us somewhat from the import threat. We believe the current growth expectations in both Europe and China, combined with global production overcapacity, will be a headwind to steel pricing for the foreseeable future, but I continue to believe that historic levels of imports as a percentage of domestic consumption will return, and that we will not see an import consequence on a sustained long-term basis. We continue to understand the design and dynamics of a competitive market as long as it's fair and equitable. As an American steel producer, we must remain vigilant, and our administration must enforce world trade laws in order for all of us to compete on a level playing field. In Metals Recycling business, we continue to work through another challenging quarter, reporting lower profitability. Both ferrous volume and nonferrous volumes improved, notably in copper and aluminum. However, ferrous metal spread was flat quarter-over-quarter, as decreased selling values were somewhat offset by cost compression from the volume improvement. Nonferrous metals spread was negatively impacted by weaker copper and nickel commodity markets, resulting in decreased profitability for our nonferrous segment. Year-to-date, July 1 scrap exports were 19% lower than the same period 2013, and both years being significantly lower than recent historical norms. The continued significant overcapacity of shredders, particularly in the Southeast and U.S., continues to compound volatility and continues to constrain margin, as processes are all competing for the same material. Regarding our Minnesota operations, as discussed on last quarter's call, we plan to ramp up volume while improving yield, quality and cost on a consistent basis during the third quarter. I'm pleased to report that our team achieved all of those things, and we expect further improvement in these areas as we continue to operate and make some enhancements to the iron ore retrieval process. We will be installing equipment that Magnetation has already utilized in other operations to bring our cost structure for iron concentrate back to the levels established in 2013 of under $50 per metric ton. Lately, the cost has been elevated higher than that due to lower yield recovery emanating from finer size tailings that we found in the current basin. Had we been at that cost level during the third quarter, our net losses would've been reduced from $5 million to just less than $3 million. We still hold the view that these operations have the potential to achieve a $340 to $350 per metric ton cash prices, but in order to do this, volumes must reach about 32,000 metric tons per month, or a 360,000 metric ton annualized rate. During the third quarter, our average monthly production rate was just over 27,500 metric tons per month, a significant improvement over months past, and a solid footing to ramp-up to the required volume. Our Fabrication Operations also achieved another quarterly shipment record, for both joist and deck products. The team is certainly positioned at that sector incredibly well for the returning construction markets. Industry utilization continues to improve, and it's certainly true for us. Based on sustainable increased demand and market share improvement, we have added production shifts at several of our plants, employing additional people in our communities. According to the Steel Joist Institute, as of August, year-over-year domestic joist shipments have increased 21%. Our joist shipments have increased over 35%. The team continues, as I say, to perform exceedingly well, both in market share advancement and leveraging our national footprint. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. We're focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, partnering with them to deliver what they need today and anticipating what they'll need for tomorrow. As we look ahead, we're optimistic concerning the industry and even more so for Steel Dynamics. Columbus is one aspect of our story, and our organic growth projects that are beginning to benefit our operations now and others. We have great leverage to recovering construction markets and are fully equipped to take advantage of new opportunities that lay ahead. Our resolve to maintain a differentiated growth company that effectively and efficiently perform through all market environments is unwavering. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model throughout the market cycle. The strong character and fortitude of our employees are unmatched. Their dedication to customers and passion for excellence compel us to achieve high standards of performance. I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and dedication, and remind them, safety is always the first priority. Again, thank you, everyone, for your time today. And Manny, we'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Luke Folta of Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A number of questions. So first question, I guess, during the past, you've been able to kind of go around the horn and give us some color in terms of what the order book looks like across the divisions. How are things comparing now versus sort of the way you exited the third quarter?
Mark D. Millett: Well, let me take a quick shot, and Dick, I'm sure will -- can chime in. But just looking across our steel platform, Structural Rail division, continuing to see a steady growth in structural, structural beams, and I think the team has done a good job increasing market share there. We experienced a growth of about 16% compared to year-over-year market growth of 6%, 7% or so. And as I said, premium rail product continues to be well received. We likely shipped 40,000, 50,000 tons of premium rail this year, Dick, I think, yes?
Richard P. Teets: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: Which obviously adds to our value-added product mix there, and I think that -- the rail arena is shifting to a more premium rail sort of percentage of the market, and so we're in good position there to capture some of that. I think the nonresidential markets remain strong, as indicated by the uptick in the MSCI structural shipment data and recent construction starts. And I think nonresidential strength is also evident from occupations, New Millennium inquiry booking rate. That's seen a little seasonal adjustment, but still remains very, very strong. So I would say Structural Rail is still continuing to build momentum, and the order book is very solid. The Engineered Bar, that market continues to be strong. The backlogs were at a pretty high level compared to the last couple of years, so we're excited there. Roanoke -- the Roanoke team, even in a tough market, they reported the best results in Q3 since 2008, and their backlog remains pretty decent, at about 4 weeks or so, 35,000, 40,000 tons, and I think pricing has remained somewhat firm in the merchant arena. Steel of West Virginia, it sells primarily to the truck, trailer and material handling sector, and that has seen a little softness the last month or 2, and they're expecting a little softer, probably around 5% next year. But actually, that's 5% off of a very, very, very strong market, so their business continues to be pretty solid. In sheet or Flat Roll, the order rate, I think, continues to be -- backlog continues to be strong -- better across all sectors. I think there's a little softening on the coated products, which is likely, I think, seasonal in one aspect, but also, we're seeing some burning product imports, I think, that is impacting our volume in Jeffersonville [ph] business. And I think that's also impacting our Columbus backlog a little bit, but lead times continue to be 4-plus weeks out there. So Luke, generally, I think our order books are very, very solid. And a couple of tweaks in, so a little bit -- Dick, any thoughts?
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I guess I can only add to what you said, that as a structural mill, that we do have some time on the medium section, though, because we've never gotten to a fourth crew. We've filled out the third crew, so medium section products, we're out selling and selling hard. And so filling that up, the third crew. And we've developed that market down in Pittsboro. We've added new products. That's what we're doing across the board. We've added threaded bar with our customer there. We're now making #8, 9, 10 and 11 threaded bars, and we're going to get this month, #18. We've done #20 bars and so that's an exciting product for very high rise buildings and for bridges being used across the country, and so these are new products that are coming on. Also, you mentioned Steel of West Virginia, we had some weakness in a little bit of their product line, and so therefore, we're developing bulb flats and 7-inch channels and so forth, so we're adding new sections all the time down there. And so -- and again, down at the Roanoke, we're running 100% of capacity, so no weakness showing there. So you mentioned the flat roll, nothing more to add other than we are watching the imports. We watch coated product imports. There's an extension agreement now, getting the 60-day notification there and going back to the way things were in 1998, '99, much higher duties are going to be applied to it, and things are going to clean up there, I believe. And so I think it'll tighten itself up in the first quarter. So yes, things are good.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Dick.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, secondly, it seems like a weird point in the cycle to be asking this question, but you're breaking shipment records across the construction divisions, both at the beam business at Columbus and in the fab space. Just as we think of -- it seems like we're just in the beginning of a recovery in construction, as we think of what a full construction recovery could look like, how would you sort of handicap how much more shipment upside you may have?
Mark D. Millett: Again, not to publish our 2014's results, but 2013, we shipped a record for a 6.1 million tons. Obviously, we're headed above that this year. And that was 6.1 million tons, where our capacity today, excluding Columbus, was around 7.8 million tons. So as we said, we had about 1.5 million tons of latent capacity from 2013. So we've got, I think, great leverage going forward on the returning residential and nonresidential. And obviously, we've got a new Columbus mill that is absolutely revved up and rearing to go.
Operator: The next question is from Evan Kurtz of Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just had a question on trade cases, and I saw the Russian suspension elimination this morning, that was a nice positive for the industry. But also, one thing we've heard a lot about towards the end of the summer was that there's a potential for a trade case to be filed on Chinese cold-rolled and coated products, and I'm sure you guys probably were involved in that, but we haven't seen anything yet. I just wondered if you could perhaps provide an update on that. What's going on with that one?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I will just tell you that we are constantly monitoring the imports. We've done investigations. A number of our competitors along with ourselves have worked together through our attorneys to do the investigations, both domestically and in the foreign countries, to determine what the domestic pricing are of those countries that we believe are guilty of dumping and shutting our shores. But we don't believe, along with our legal counsel, that the timing is correct at this moment for a successful case, but that may change as the markets change, and so we're constantly vigilant and ready to go at -- upon a discussion and enough agreement amongst our parties that we're ready to do it, so we're vigilant, is, I guess, the best way to say it.
Mark D. Millett: Right. I think the general sentiment of the Trade Commission, I think, is turned positive toward our industry. If you look at the, obviously, the recent ruling on the Russian suspension of duty issue, that obviously helps us, helps the industry, and I think, in particular, it helps Columbus in the Southeast markets. You've seen the industry won the Korean OCTG ruling and they are filing for -- oil industry is filing a sort of a [indiscernible] line pipe case against Korea and Turkey, and I think this bodes well for us. It supports, I think, our sentiment that in the next year or 2, the countries will be constrained on hot-rolled coil and give some very, very positive market dynamics.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then, one other question on imports. One thing we've been hearing is that because of the rail issues and higher trucking rates and higher barge rates, that there's been a lot more regionalization of pricing in the past several months, and I was wondering if you could kind of confirm that, I mean, now that you're actually both in the South and the Midwest. Are you seeing a big discrepancy in hot-rolled pricing in, I'm going to say in the Chicago area versus some of the more coastal regions in the South?
Mark D. Millett: I think it -- given -- steel is a freight-sensitive commodity. Obviously, closer to the supply, you're going to get better pricing. And right now, where you've had a lot of Russian material come into Houston, and so the supply's down there, and you're definitely going to get that freight differential. Fortunately, I've got the facility. It's Midwest. It's a reasonable distance from the coast and we're not impacted quite as much as many of our customers -- competitors, I would say.
Operator: The next question is from Tony Rizzuto of Cowen and Company.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got a lot of questions here. First of all, the ferrous scrap market seems to be in a bit of a free fall. Obviously, a lot of factors driving that following a period of stability. Raw materials are down, strong dollar affecting Turkish purchases, and we're hearing more about Chinese semi-finished billets moving into other countries. What are your thoughts? And how do you see prices directionally over the near term and longer term playing out?
Mark D. Millett: Russ?
Russel B. Rinn: You've answered most of your question with the currencies and exports, and the lack of exports, and currently, the crash in, or current crash and very low levels of iron ore pricing, I think certainly bodes that things are going to be down in the scrap market. I think there's an abundance of supply due to lack of exports, so there's nothing that I can see that's going to put a real solid floor underneath the scrap market until we see some room in the iron ore pricing to compete on the international basis or the dollar weakens to the point where exports are attractive.
Mark D. Millett: So Russ, that pressure is going to help re-establish the iron concentrate scrap ratio, that's been kind of at a little bit of a high the last 6 to 8 months.
Russel B. Rinn: Absolutely.
Mark D. Millett: Which is in my mind, a huge plus for the electric arc furnace produced and hopefully, put us back in the billets from a hot metal cost perspective again.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: What about you -- When you guys mentioned the Russian suspension, obviously, we've seen that come out, obviously, a positive for the industry. I guess, I was little bit surprised how quickly the discussion kind of came together. There was a lot of talk about a review process that was not expected to be completed until maybe even the first quarter of next year. Wondering how you feel about that, and obviously, this should be helpful. Particularly, should be helpful to you guys as you increase your exposure in the Southeast? How do you tend to look at that?
Mark D. Millett: Well, given Russia is one of the largest importers of hot-rolled coil, constraining them is, obviously, I think, a big benefit to our industry. As I said earlier, strong, huge benefit for our Columbus facility that trades in the Southeast arena, and I'm not so sure we know what happened behind the scenes. Obviously, American-Russian relationship's aren't the best, and maybe that accelerated it.
Richard P. Teets: Well, just for the record, we've been petitioning the Commerce Department for months. We've been signing documents and submitting records to them since midsummer, and so we were disappointed with how slow it was going midyear, and so the signals we were getting were disappointing. So this unexpected year-end movement is basically a catch-up to me, so I'm pleased with the performance of the Department of Commerce, and so it appeared to be fast, but it's been in the works for quite a while. Petitions have been in the works.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: It's interesting, because I was in Australia recently. I was talking to some of the big iron ore miners over there, and I was asking the questions about how they felt about possible trade laws against the Chinese in steel, and they seemed to hint that there was much greater sensitivity to that by steelmakers in other countries and this whole thing obviously, Russia and the sentiment against what's going on for obvious reasons. I think that's a key point here. Can you make any comments about is there some increased sensitivity on the Chinese front? Is that why you made the comment earlier that it's just not the right time? And maybe you can elaborate on that a little bit more, because we haven't seen obviously those trade cases filed, much rumored, but it's not the right timing. Maybe a little bit further expansion on that might be helpful.
Richard P. Teets: I would just tell you that we have to look at all the possible participants in any trade case. We have to look at our -- the government looks at a lot of parameters, including your financial performance and order intake, what your sales prices have been. Again, the documents as to what the local prices have been, both in their originating countries as well as here. And so when you take a broad brush approach to it, all that has to be considered, and then you start gleaning out of the whole field as to which countries may or may not be suitable for a case. And if you have to eliminate too many of those countries and too many of the tons, it sort of plays against you, and you want to make sure that you have a -- you don't want to keep going back to the well for small pickings, let's say. So we want to make sure that you have a deliverable, number 1; and then number 2, that it's a worthy one. So we're watching it, and we're -- we have our data, and we will continue every quarter to refresh that data.
Operator: The next question is from Sohail Tharani of Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just some housekeeping questions. What is the -- so Theresa, what is the interest expense depreciation, CapEx, et cetera, to think of over the coming quarters?
Theresa E. Wagler: The interest expense on a quarterly basis with the new cap structure is probably going to be just less than $45 million per quarter. Depreciation this quarter was $58 million, but that -- with the estimated purchase price allocation, these numbers could change, but it's more likely to be closer to maybe $75 million per quarter going forward. But that will -- we'll have to give you a better number on the January call. And then CapEx for this year, we expect it to be somewhere between $120 million and $130 million for the year. And moving into 2015, the early estimates would be somewhere between $150 million and $175 million, but that's without specific projects or anything like that.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. I want to ask a question on the fabrication side. Your shipments, revenue, operating profit, operating profit per ton, everything, every one of those metrics was highest we've ever seen, even before the 2008 or late 2008 downturn. I was just wondering was there any specific projects you got this quarter? Or is this something like a trend we should think about going forward? Or something, especially in this quarter, which drove this significant upside?
Christopher A. Graham: Well, you talk about a little housekeeping, let's just -- I'd make a few comments on fabrication. Our joist-and-deck backlog remained strong entering the fourth quarter, and I want to just mention specifically our teams and our customers who have executed very well year-to-date. Together, they've worked on a lot of mutually beneficial projects, but to your point, nothing out of the ordinary. Look forward to continuing to do so going forward. We'd like to thank our joist-and-deck customers for continuing to afford us the opportunity to earn their business each and every day. The biggest impact on -- the biggest outside factor was probably with the capacity in the industry, more matches the demand better than it has in the last 30 years. So we'd like to believe that it's kind of a new paradigm, and we stand prepared to service current levels or even higher levels. The question earlier about fabrication capacity and how that affects things, to achieve our current output, 90% of our production occurs during daylight hours, 5, maybe, 6 days a week. This leaves an awful lot of room for continued growth, and it's a matter of adding a crew here or there, as Mark mentioned earlier, to respond rather quickly to larger demand. So we don't see New Millennium up against any kind of ceiling in almost -- virtually any scenario.
Theresa E. Wagler: And so one thing I would just point out is in 2008, we're configured much differently today with the national footprint, with 6 basically operating facilities, so we're structured much differently than we were in 2008 as well.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's a good point. Also, on the rail side. Mark or Dick, what is the market? And where do you think you will be in the next couple of years, once the premium rail qualifications are done? And what percentage you think of your mix will be premium or head hardened by -- let's say in the next few years?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think, the -- in general, the mix in the industry -- well, first off, the market. The market continues to strengthen, as Mark pointed out, in the growth of maintenance track, as well as new track, it's probably over 1 million tons, 1.1 million. It's a good, steady market. In general, I'd tell you that head-hardened or premium product is greater than 50%, and it continues to move in the upper direction as a percentage year-over-year, and that's for 2 reasons: number one, it's a reduction in the spread between premium rail and standard rail; and number two, the higher utilization rates of the various tracks give the railroads less time to take the tracks down for replacement, so therefore, they're willing to spend a higher amount of money on the track itself when it's being installed. And so our own attempt to take advantage of that, as Mark pointed out, we're committed to pursue about 350,000 tons of railroad products, and our production will mimic the national percentages as best our equipment can handle. And of course, the Structural and Rail division is always asking for, like any division, more money to expand, and we will watch what they do and how they utilize it, and make those decisions appropriately.
Operator: The next question is from Jorge Beristain of Deutsche Bank.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Jorge with DB. My question is really on the steel fab side as well, not to beat a dead horse, but if you could just really talk about what's driving that sequential uptick in EBIT performance. We saw very strong gain in volumes there, and you've been telling you're not capacity constrained. Could you just talk about what is the demand driver? What's pulling that product? And do you believe that those products are import defensive, as you flagged earlier?
Mark D. Millett: I think, obviously, the demand is picking up across the industry. I think the team has done a phenomenal job building a national footprint there. And so they're getting into the, what we call the big-box consumers, the Wal-Marts, the Home Depots, people that want a national supply and not a regional supply. So the market has picked up. I think the team has done a phenomenal job picking up market share because of that. And with the financial or the, sort of, step function improvement in the financials is volume driven. It's a business that, when Chris puts on a new shift at one of his plants, I mean, the profitability of that plant shoots up dramatically. With increased demand today, and we still got -- it's still very elastic, our capability, but when we need more tons, it's not a matter of spending capital. The lines are there. It's just a matter of recruiting our crews.
Jorge M. Beristain - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But is it just -- you said that you're now accessing these big-box retailers. Is that something new? Or can you point to any kind of specific end use that would be driving those kinds of product demand in U.S.?
Christopher A. Graham: No, I think Mark just makes the point that we are more diverse in our approach to the market, not just auction markets, but national accounts, metal building accounts and things like that. So we've not only expanded our physical footprint, we've also had a different approach to market and continued then leveraging the volume, compresses all of our costs across the board. And this is not something that was unexpected at these levels, this is what the team's been planning. And we're poised to continue to capitalize on these opportunities.
Mark D. Millett: And as I said earlier, if you look at the Steel Joist Institute numbers, year-over-year joist shipments have increased 21%. So that's sort of general demand and it supports our view that's continued, that nonresidential construction continues to grow. The national footprint, I would say, has allowed us to surpass the overall industry growth in our markets, and our joist shipments increased 35%.
Christopher A. Graham: And the projects are not -- I'm sorry, the projects are not limited to just the big box. We're into a good healthy mode where if you're just doing institutional private work, it's never a good sign. If you're just doing the big box, it's not as healthy. But we're doing a good mix and our industry is seeing a good mix across the board.
Operator: The next question is from Timna Tanners of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. One was now that you've gotten into the Columbus facility and gotten to look around, anything that's surprising or new? And any thoughts on ramping up volume? Is there enough market appetite to bring it to full speed in terms of both value-add and volume?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we were pretty excited when we were the fortunate winner. Just the basic value without synergies, without anything, it was an incredible opportunity for us. I think we've only become more and more excited as the teams -- and again, this is not a top-down, where we're injecting and forcing SDI stuff. It's a 2-way street. You've got 2 incredibly talented teams. And it's a case of 1 plus 1 is going to be at least 3, 4, if not 5. So we remain incredibly excited about the bricks and the mortar and the technology there and the product diversification that it's going to provide us and provide our customers. We're incredibly excited about the geographic diversity it gives us. It's got access into the Southern markets. But as importantly or more importantly, access to the Mexican market, which is a -- that's growing from an automotive standpoint almost exponentially in Monterrey and to the south. The capacity, or if you look at, or just do a little bit of back calculation, we did ship, as we said, about 175,000 tons. So the 175,000 tons of shipments accrued to us for the couple of weeks we owned Columbus, you got to be a little careful there. There's about 30,000, 31,000 tons of that which is coil sales that Severstal had already in the works. So a real number from the mill is about 144,000 tons. And you extrapolate that out, it comes out to roughly the 3.4 million tons of hot-band capacity that's been advertised. Was there a production record last month?
Richard P. Teets: We had a CSP, a [indiscernible] record, 30-day, month record, and we also had [indiscernible] mill, pull mill record and we also had galvanizing pipe [indiscernible]. And again, that's not just -- that's not because of SDI, that's because of cooperation and integration, communications. It's a lot of things. And so, everyone's excited. So it's small things, small tweaks, and it's -- there's just a lot of potential. Again, not overnight, but a lot of upside opportunities.
Mark D. Millett: I think we already stated that the purchase price was pretty conservative, 6x the expected 2015 EBITDA. Obviously, our expectation was that the markets remain as they are today or strengthening to achieve that. And in all honestly, I think it should allow for higher than 3-year cycle metal spreads. I think we stated at some point that synergies over the longer term are going to be about $30 million; $10 million, $15 million of that perhaps last year -- not last year, 2015, next year. As Dick said, over the longer term, we expect, from what we see, to garner a lot more than that. So it's an incredibly exciting opportunity for us. And again, just being down there with the guys and girls and their families and their kids on Saturday, they are pumped.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And if we could get over to the uses of free cash flow. So I think you've been really clear that even with this transaction, you're pretty excited about your ability to pay down quickly and have a lot of extra liquidity for other alternatives. Can you just remind us of some of the options that you're looking at other priorities of free cash flow use?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think as we look post-acquisition, our capital profile, our balance sheet remains incredibly strong. As you said, I think we -- we currently plan to pay down some debt next year, to allow us to get more comfortably within our sort of preferred net leverage of 3x or less. CapEx is, as Theresa suggested, it looks to be in the $150 million, $160 million range. I mean, that's clearly -- We're still looking at and still analyzing some organic growth opportunities for us. Earlier this year, even without the Columbus addition, we increased dividend by 5% and we would like to continue at a positive profile there. And as we already said, we will continue to remain committed to prudent growth, wherever that growth may take us.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Murphy of UBS.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the prudent growth, I mean, we saw the Gallatin mill sell. Are you still looking to go in the direction of actual capacity? Or is it sort of downstream value-add? Are you focusing in any one area right now?
Mark D. Millett: I would say, our focus would be downstream value-add more than anything.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Maybe just another housekeeping one. Can you give any guidance on go-forward levels of SG&A?
Theresa E. Wagler: There's really nothing in particular that we think will change dramatically. We kind of tend to look at it on a percentage of sales basis and it tends to be pretty steady. And with the addition of Columbus, we'd expect it to still stay kind of in that range of the percentage of sales.
Matthew Murphy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then maybe just one on Minnesota ops. So outside, I guess, of the iron recovery, how do you feel about the process? You commented last quarter that you expected some significant improvement. Is this still something where you could see it profitable in 2015? Or what's the outlook?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, we're pretty excited with what we're seeing and at least from our perspective. The guys had a step-function improvement across the board, not the least being a positive financial impact to us. Albeit still a loss, it's still a lot less loss than we've had in years past. We're pretty confident. And again, it depends where transfer pricing takes us. It's somewhat market dependent. But we'll certainly be, we believe, cash positive going in early 2015, and we'll see where the markets take us from there.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gibbs of KeyBanc.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Theresa, I had a question on the sheet mix, if you had that available.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. So I have the Butler Flat Roll mill mix. For the third quarter, they had shipments of hot-rolled of 299,000 tons; P&O of 92,000 tons; cold-rolled of 60,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized was 120,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized was 43,000 tons; painted products were 114,000 tons; and Galvalume was 10,000 tons, for a total of 738,000.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And should we assume that Columbus was mostly HRC?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you had talked about the D&A being $58 million, going to $75 million, in your release, you had $66 million. And I realize some of that probably had purchase price accounting. I'm just trying to bridge that into the fourth quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler: It was $66 million actually. What was reported in the cash flow, Phil, was both amortization and depreciation. So the number that I gave you earlier was just the depreciation amount. And again, it's still early on the purchase accounting side, but our thinking is that depreciation is going to be closer to probably $75 million per quarter.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So out of that $14.5 million that you gave for the purchase price accounting this quarter, was there a lot of that D&A stuff up there, that was just all inventory?
Theresa E. Wagler: It was very little D&A, it was almost all inventory.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then as far as the other expenses, was that about $20 million in there that you had for the acquisition?
Theresa E. Wagler: It was slightly more than that. Again, the total adjustments were about $40 million. So we had $14.5 million going through COGS. You had about $25.5 million going through other expense.
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Terrific. And then just one quick one. As far as your nonresidential construction exposure overall in the steel business, any way, Mark, to categorize how much of your steel shipment is either going into the nonres market or infrastructure markets? How you think about that?
Mark D. Millett: What is going in today or what leverage that we have going forward?
Philip Ross Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: No, I'm just trying to think about how much of your steel business is tied to nonres right now, just on the finished steel side, not on fabrication.
Mark D. Millett: [indiscernible]
Christopher A. Graham: [indiscernible]
Mark D. Millett: I guess the simple answer is -- just we're [indiscernible] .
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Lane of Morningstar.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So we view the use of hot liquid pig iron charge at Butler as a real differentiator for your Flat Roll division. How does the Columbus mill currently obtain iron units? And do you plan on making any changes as to how you'll supply iron units to that operation? Would you be shipping HBI there from Butler? Or maybe just any details you can provide on that?
Mark D. Millett: Historically, Columbus has consumed roughly in the 20% to 25% range for pig iron and HBI, principally pig iron, imported in. Obviously, we had a relationship with Russia, so I'm sure they had some Russian coming in and some Brazilian. The line dynamics with the Minnesota operation and without Columbus, we actually became pig iron long, and there obviously, the Columbus operations on a consolidated basis, pig iron short. So there's no doubt, I'm sure that some of that, the [indiscernible] will find its way down to Columbus.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the freight cost wouldn't be prohibitive across that distance?
Mark D. Millett: Not really. No.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Yu of Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, I've got a markets-related question and it's tied in a little bit to what Tony asked earlier in that if I look at where the scrap markets are, heavy melt and shredded, it's about the same as where we were last year. Hot-rolled coil prices did come down, and it's about the same. But in the international markets, you've got iron ore that's down about $50, met coal that's down $40. So that means like blast furnace input costs, again, the international markets are down about a $100. And I'm just trying to figure out why is it that scrap prices are still resilient here. Do you see enough of the move in scrap price so that the U.S., mini mills can regain some of this cost differential that we've seen basically flare out?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we believe so. In fact, we've seen it the last month or so, and quite likely in November, given the -- where the export market pricing is today, there's a likelihood that scrap is going move down for sure. December, who knows? Maybe -- we don't have a crystal ball that clear or that far ahead. But we do feel that -- and as you say, scrap has been very, very sticky compared to iron ore here. Iron ore earlier has some incredibly weak fundamentals given the Chinese produced growth. So it's come off a lot stronger than scrap, but I think longer term, we'll see scrap move toward that historical basis.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. What would you attribute the strength in scrap to? And then more specifically, I guess, for November, any guess on what you think prices could go down by?
Mark D. Millett: I think we refrain from putting numbers other than directionality. As you know, it's an incredibly tough market, and I'm not sure Russ and I are any better than anyone else.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. All right. Next question just on Magnetation. You guys mentioned that you're going to bring in some equipment to try to fix some of the fine-up line. Is this some minor -- like you're putting in additional screens? And then, you also, can give us a sense of where Magnetation -- or not Magnetation, but just Mesabi Nuggets costs are today relative to that $340 to $350 target?
Mark D. Millett: Well, the -- firstly, the equipment we're putting in -- and just to add color, as we mine the basin, it went from a coarse tailing to a very fine tailing, and our equipment just don't get the yield recovery off finer material. The actual amount of material flying through is far greater than the rate of capacity of the line, which is not recovering the finer stuff. And the equipment going in, again, it's already been operational. I do believe on ongoing basis, Magnetation, we should retrieve that recovery and get the cost back down. That's the intent and expectation. Relative to the current cost, again, we refrain from sharing that. We are still confident in the $340, $350 cash number going forward, which will allow us, given the current market, to the transfer price, to be cash positive in '15, early '15.
Operator: The next question is from Aldo Mazzaferro of Macquarie.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to ask a question on the pricing, Theresa, for the quarter. It came in at around $840. Can you comment whether there was an impact of mix from the Severstal material in that number?
Theresa E. Wagler: Aldo, they only had 175,000 tons of our total 1.9 million tons shipped. So any influence they would have had would have really been minimal. The drivers of the average price improvement really were, as I mentioned, from the Flat Roll division and from the Structural and Rail division.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. So going forward, Theresa, if you did about, say 800,000 tons a quarter, that would be a bigger chunk, about 30%, 35% of your mix. Would you -- I mean, am I far off base if I were to assume something like about a $100 a ton differential in pricing versus your average versus the Columbus mill?
Theresa E. Wagler: We're not -- I probably am not going to go there, Aldo.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Okay. All right. Well, I would note that the productivity of that place seems amazingly good, it had something like 0.4 man-hours, so congratulations on a great deal. And Dick, can I ask you one quick question on the suspension agreement with the Russians? About 3/4 of what they import to the U.S. is in the form of semifinished slabs and stuff. Would you say that these large tariffs they're talking about, are those going to cover the slabs or are those just on flat rolled -- hot-rolled coil, you think?
Richard P. Teets: No. It actually only covers hot-band plate and coil. So it's only those 2 products.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Great. So not the slab. There's no tariffs or quotas on slab, right, as far as I know.
Richard P. Teets: No. You're correct.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Okay. One final thing, did you say you lost some tonnage in the quarter at Butler due to an outage? Can you say how much that was about?
Mark D. Millett: We just had a regular scheduled outage of 4-day...
Richard P. Teets: 4-day maintenance outage.
Operator: The next question is from Nick Jarmoszuk of Royal Bank of Canada.
Nicholas Jarmoszuk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I had a question on Columbus. Given the production figures that you guys have seen in the past month, how are you guys thinking about debottlenecking opportunities and what would the capital be involved to expand the capacity there?
Mark D. Millett: I think it's already demonstrating an incredible capability through the hot mill, 3.4 is, I think, is its rated capacity.
Richard P. Teets: Well, that's its desired capacity, it's rated only by our own wishes.
Mark D. Millett: And it's likely, if the team does what the Butler team did, there may be some, a little upside on the hot-band production. Obviously, our intent is to increase the value-add output there. So the actual shipping volume may actually come off a little bit as -- because of the unit lost through pickling and cold reduction. There's not a huge amount of capital, at least I see it, to unbottleneck. It's more a market opportunity, getting in the right markets and just fully utilizing the capabilities that they have today.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Dubinsky of Wells Fargo.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Can you discuss what percent of your business next year will be contract-based or will you still mostly be a spot-selling market?
Mark D. Millett: The latter. We'll be principally spot-based. Any contractual business we do is just on a volume commitment basis with some form of index pricing. We don't have any contracted, fixed-priced, long-term deals.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then another housekeeping one. Just last one, steel fabrications, did the quarter include any benefit or synergies from Columbus? Or is that really just a clean quarter on improved construction demand?
Mark D. Millett: It's just an absolute clean phenomenal team job.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And given how high the business is running and given your commentary on improved fundamentals, do you think this division can buck typical seasonality? Or should we model profit down in coming quarters just due to weather?
Christopher A. Graham: Well, it has bucked seasonality to some extent as it's recovered from the 400,000-ton annualized rate in the market to over 800,000 or 900,000 this year. As you get up closer to the historical norms, we would expect seasonality to rear its head, again, some degree. But our backlogs are still at historically higher numbers going into the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Bradford of Bradford Research.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: In looking at the purchase price of Columbus, have you made any kind of calculation of what the replacement cost would be for the asset?
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, CapEx, that's part of the many-pronged methods of which you look at valuation. So that's something that's kind of contemplated. I'm not sure it's something that we'd want to....
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: So the question really gets down to, I guess, Big River, which is likely to be -- looks likely to be built. Where would the differences be? Because they're talking about electrical steels and a few other things, yet it has the same parents as Columbus. Any idea on where the differences could be?
Richard P. Teets: Well, what we found interestingly is during our due diligence that there were quite a few items at Columbus that were off balance sheet, let's say, from an asset perspective. So I can't tell you what -- how they're going to do their accounting there. So when they announced how much the cost is, that's a question for them. I would tell you replacement cost is higher than what we paid for it. We got, I think, a very fair deal for it, because they had 2 galvanizing lines, 2 pickle lines. They have a reinspect line and so forth. They also spent quite a bit of money in building that line up. They put a lot of concrete into it. They used different construction techniques than we would have utilized. And so we got a good value, a very good value for the assets. And then they're also in a very high seismic zone area. So they're going to spend even more money building a steel mill in that location than others have traditionally built. So whatever, so good luck.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: There was some talk when you were looking at Columbus that the location wasn't ideal because it's not exactly on the river. Is there some kind of a transportation cost penalty?
Mark D. Millett: Charles, there is, but not to the extent that we kind of presumed or assumed over the years, and there are other benefits that offsets that.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Mark D. Millett: And Charles, going back to the commentary on Big River, [indiscernible] Columbus, as I said, and I was starting to get a little bit insulted by any connotation that those folks are going to compete with us. You've got 2 of the best, most efficient sheet steelmaking teams in the damn world between Butler and Columbus. And you saw the same team is building Big River, and the financial results were not necessarily phenomenal, in the early stages of Severstal. And to use the steelmaker vernacular, the Columbus guys are ready to kick ass.
Operator: The next question is from Nathan Littlewood of Crdit Suisse.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just had a question on the fabrication business capacity. You mentioned that it was quite possible to add additional shifts there and increase the throughput. Could you just clarify how many shifts are there now? How many could you conceptually add if you were go, whatever, double or triple time? And how should we think about the potential for that business on a volume basis, if the demand were to exist for it?
Christopher A. Graham: Well, there's a minimum arrangement that most of us have found in the industry that you need to hit to a certain point to be able to make a fair return in this world. And much times, that is a 3-line configuration that gives you the ability to cover most products required in an efficient manner in any given project. We are basically at that configuration. And beyond that, it's simply just adjusting to the market conditions. It's very hard to explain. You have to make a minimal investment to build joist in the first place, and that typically enables you to satisfy the market and a huge surge opportunities at times, with more folks on the team. So I'm at a loss to really explain it any better, other than we have a lot of latent capacity that doesn't cost us a lot in the big picture, because we have to build what we have to build to build a minimum amount of joist. So I hate to promise that we could do, run around the clock, but we've never seen a market call for that. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: So is it fair to say, Chris, that our market share today is between around 35% to 40%. And it's hard to see a market for joist and deck where we would not be able to increase our volume to match that market share.
Christopher A. Graham: The way we're positioned today, and there's never been a market in the history, if we look back, that would tax our ability to help to service at those levels or maybe somewhat higher.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So if we could look at the historic maximum size of the market, keep the market share relatively constant and say, that's potentially the blue sky scenario then. Is that fair?
Christopher A. Graham: It's fair.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. It's fair.
Christopher A. Graham: I wish I had said that.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The other question I have for you, and apologies if this is a little naive, my U.S. geography is perhaps not as good as some of the other people on this call, but the imports that you guys are competing with in the sort of Indiana region, where would they be physically coming from? Would they be coming from down in Texas or somewhere further up the coast?
Mark D. Millett: Well, there's a couple of points of entry, but it's not necessarily competing with a physical ton. It's competing with the, sort of the pricing pressure that the selective imports are putting on the market.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess where I was wanting to go with the question is I'm trying to understand this sort of freight differential between the coast and inland at the moment. I mean, you guys are very more focused in the inland parts of the country as I understand it. And as previous, someone else was asking about, we've obviously seen rail and trucking rates go up a lot. So I'd just like to understand if we could, what is that sort of freight barrier at the moment, maybe in dollars per ton? And where do you see it as having been historically?
Mark D. Millett: Well, if you're coming up, obviously, a massive amount comes from the Houston area, to bring material up to the Midwest is probably today, and this would be a combination barge. And it depends where you are. If you are on the river, it's going to be less, but to a land bound Midwest arena, such as Butler, it's probably $50-plus per ton.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And where do you suppose that might have been, say a year ago?
Mark D. Millett: Not much, probably $10 off that.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's not so bad. Cool. The final question I had was just on Minnesota. We did do some math on this a little while ago, and based on the longer-term targets that you guys have talked about in reaching the 360-kiloton per annum, it seems to me that if everything goes as planned, the potential earnings opportunity here is about $16 million per annum. And I guess, obviously, that's come down over the last couple of years as the project targets aren't quite as ambitious as they once were. But when I think about a $16 million opportunity in the context of earnings losses, which have been kind of $5 million or $10 million a quarter, it's going to take a lot of years to recover in earnings the losses that you guys have been making. Is there something that might not be apparent to us in terms of exit costs for this business? I guess I'm just a little confused at your apparent commitment and dedication to the thing. And with all due respect, I mean, it seems like a relatively small earnings opportunity at this point, a relatively small upside in the context of other things, which potentially much bigger earnings, it seems to be taking up equal amounts of your time.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the -- it's easy to be the Monday morning quarterback. I guess it wasn't too long ago, I think 2012, that people thought that pig iron was going to be $500 a ton or more. So and that was the original investment premise. To your point, obviously, raw material and commodities are off. And today, with pig iron in that $400, $410 range on a NOLA basis, the project can be cash breakeven and eventually make a little bit of money. It certainly gives us a hedge, though, against scrap markets and a very secure supply of very, very high-quality material that can facilitate for further productivity and [indiscernible] some capital there, and I think we're looking at perhaps more on a incremental basis, than looking at the project in full scope.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And if we were to get to a point where for whatever reasons, things don't work out, and you said, you know what, we had enough, we're going to walk away from here. What sort of closure and exit and rehab costs might be associated with that decision?
Mark D. Millett: We have not even studied that.
Operator: The next question is from Sohail Tharani of Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, in one of the remarks, you mentioned that of the 175,000-ton shipments from Columbus, there was something which belonged to Severstal Russia, I think you said?
Mark D. Millett: Well, the Severstal were using the American organization to bring coil in and resell, just kind on a brokerage basis. As we acquired, in the transition, we obviously took ownership of the remaining coils, sort of en route. And that's about 30,000, 31,000 tons of that Russian coil that we acquired. It was already presold, so there's no risk there to it, but that just went through the volume.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Was that on the balance sheet of Severstal -- of Columbus? Or was it on the balance sheet -- entirety of purchase, was it on the Columbus balance sheet or on the Severstal Russia balance sheet?
Theresa E. Wagler: It was on the Columbus balance sheet.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'm just wondering that the Columbus profitability, was it -- before you purchased, was it a little bit augmented by this Russian steel coming in?
Richard P. Teets: They took a flat $20-a-ton fee for the handling of it. And they did that so that they basically then had somebody else out marketing the Severstal Russian steel. They wanted to know what was going on in the marketplace, so there wasn't any other wild pricing going on. They wanted to have some control of it. So they took a fee for the handling of those transactions. As soon as we purchased it, we said no more sales, we didn't want any more transactions going down. And then when we closed it, those ships were already en route and those hit the dock and cleared through all the sales and they were behind us. Yes, that's it. And they are all behind us.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. I understand. And also one more thing, on the content you mentioned of pig iron/HBI you put in your Butler facility, 25% to 30%, is that going to remain? Because there's a lot of talk with this DRI coming up in a couple of other places that people think of using as much as 70%, 80% or 60% DRI. I was just wondering in your experience, what is the limit you can go, because pig iron apparently is even better than DRI in terms of melting capability and so forth. And I think Mesabi product is also supposed to be very good content of iron. I'm just wondering what is your view, how far you want to go with this thing in terms of how much you want to use as a percentage of total input mix.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Firstly, so the percentage I mentioned, the 20%, 25% was at Columbus, not Butler. Butler has historically been, I think, around 12%, and that's been the combination of the liquid cast iron plus the nuggets. If you look at -- and honestly, it's a value proposition in the most part. It's just what is the cheapest balance of raw material, at the end of the day, in your ladle of molten steel. DRI, you can -- there are people out there that are running almost 100% of DRI. You've got to have enough shop fully equipped. And obviously, on the pig iron side, you tend to be limited because pig iron has a higher carbon content, and you get to a point where you get much more than about 25%, 30%, you slow down the operation because, yes, you've melted it, but you have to remove and decarburize the material. So there is kind of a practical limit of around about 25%, 30%, in the most part, for pig iron.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over back to Mr. Millet for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thanks, Ryan. And I guess just quite briefly, if you look at SDI as a company today, I do believe our sole headwind is just the import pressure. Beside that, I'm extremely optimistic for our industry, and again, really optimistic for SDI as a company. We continue to see solid U.S. GDP momentum, particularly on the non-service steel consumer sector. Residential construction, we believe, albeit choppy and noisy, it's upward. Nonres construction is truly growing and is a positive trend. Energy markets are growing, and those will constrain hot-band coil availability, I think, in America in the next couple of years. So I think that will bode very well for us. Automotive space strong and there's been very positive structural changes in our domestic steel industry in the last year or 2. Scrap pricing, as we suggested, we feel is on a downward trend, and I'm not so sure the historic ratio will be totally established, but certainly, it's headed toward that level. And I think that gives us margin expansion opportunities as an electric-arc furnace producer. And I think it sets a stage, an incredible stage, for SDI. We can leverage our latent steel capacity. Even before Columbus, we still got a lot of volume related to residential and nonresidential construction that we can exploit. We're starting to capitalize now on our organic growth projects of premium rail and also for Engineered Bar. And we're going to gain incredible value combining the teams of Butler and Columbus and truly optimizing the margin, the value we can get from that. And as we've discussed, Chris and the teams have done a phenomenal job on the clarification side. So we've got all engines or all cylinders are kind pumping out. You combine that, you've got incredibly strong cash flow, great balance sheet, allows us to consider future growth opportunities. We truly have terrific customers. And most importantly, we've got a phenomenal team. And so I think, everyone around this table, we get up every day, we're in the steel industry, but we're pretty damned excited to come to work and work with all our employees. So to each and every one of them, I would say, hey, thank you, and work safely each and every day. Thank you for your support, folks. Bye bye.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director, Investor Relations Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer Theresa Wagler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dick Teets - President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Operations Chris Graham - President, Fabrication Operations
Analysts: Luke Folta - Jefferies Brett Levy - Jefferies Matt Murphy - UBS Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Andrew Lane - Morningstar Increase Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised this call is being recorded today, July 22, 2014, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms, please disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Steel Dynamics second quarter 2014 financial results conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have our leaders for the companys operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Just to note that Russ Rinn, our President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations is on vacation. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such statements, however, speak only as of this date today, July 22, 2014, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website in our Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed Forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Super. Thank you, Marlene. Good morning, everybody. Hopefully, everyone is enjoying the summer months. Its certainly been a pleasant change from our first quarter conference call. We have the opportunity to speak with many of you yesterday concerning our strategic acquisition of the Severstal Columbus steel mill. And as a brief recap, the purchase is an incredibly compelling needle moving growth initiative for us. We have been positioning ourselves, our balance sheet and organizational structure for growth just like this and is exciting to see our plans beginning to unfold. We have been evaluating a number of strategic growth options for sometime now and generally excited about the step change prospects Columbus will bring us, our shareholders and our collective employees, and again, a real strong welcome to the Columbus employees to the SDI family. Acquiring Columbus is an incredible opportunity for Steel Dynamics. With the benefit of our strong balance sheet and flexible operating base, we are in a position to execute on this highly strategic and value accretive transaction. The transaction price is substantially below Greenfield replacement value, particularly considering additional working cap and capitalized interest needs of a new plant. The transaction represents a significant step in the continuation of our growth strategy and allows Steel Dynamics to leverage our strong core strengths. The acquisition introduces a state-of-the-art mini-mill into our portfolio. Columbus, which was constructed in 2007 and has a hot roll production capacity of 3.4 million tons. It will significantly expand our steel operating platform, increasing our total steel production capacity by more than 40%. We will have an annual shipping capacity of 11 million tons for the company. The mill is technologically advanced with 2D gases, thicker slab casting and rolling technology that provides greater capability than our Butler facility to make high end energy pipe scale and advanced high strength dual phase auto grades. It is fully capable of achieving the efficiency and low cost structure consistently demonstrated by our Butler team. We will also expand our geographic market presence into the Southern U.S., but exposure to growing Southeastern industrial markets and Mexico, which again is another area, where we see significant growth and upside. In short, this transaction leaves us both significant growth and exceptional financial returns all the while maintaining a prudent credit profile, which I believe is a win on all fronts. With that, shifting our focus to our second quarter results and a broader end markets, all our reporting segments achieved meaningfully higher profitability compared to the first quarter improving well beyond the bad weather impact experienced in that quarter. The meaningful improvement in our second quarter financial and operational performance supports our continued optimism as does the positive sentiment from our customers. The results are indicative for the strength of our business model and culture, both significantly important for maintaining our best-in-class position. Furthermore, we are seeing the benefits of our organic earnings catalyst that started up earlier this year. But before continuing, I would like to turn the call over to Theresa for some brief comments about our financial performance this quarter. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mark. Its great to be back online with everyone again this morning. Our second quarter results are also something to be excited about. All of the operating segments as Mark mentioned improved considerably and were well beyond recovery from the first quarter. Our second quarter 2014 net income was $72 million, or $0.31 per diluted share which was at the upper range of our guidance of between $0.28 and $0.32. An increase in net income of $34 million compared to the first quarter and an increase of $43 million compared to the second quarter of last year. While our second quarter net sales of $2.1 billion were more than 13% higher than both the first quarter and prior year second quarter, the true improvement in earnings was driven by improved margins based on both metal spread and volume-related cost compression. Second quarter 2014 operating income was $132 million, an increase of $51 million compared to the first quarter. Steel drove the increase in our second quarter operating income based on record quarterly shipments and metal spread expansion. Our scrap raw material prices decreased while steel product pricing was mixed. Sheet pricing declined in the quarter, while long product pricing appreciated resulting in our average quarterly steel price declining $2 per ton in the second quarter compared to the first. Total shipments increased 16% over the first quarter hitting a quarterly record of 1.7 million tons. This resulted in steel operating income of $158 million, or $98 per ton shipped, an increase of $50 million comparing to first quarter. Regarding our metals recycling operations, the environment is still challenging. Shipments improved and metal spread expanded for non-ferrous materials. However, ferrous metal spread contracted when compared to the first quarter. Material procurement costs remain elevated from excess shredder competition. Second quarter 2014 metals recycling operating income increased $9 million compared to the first quarter, as ferrous shipments improved 4%, while non-ferrous improved 17% primarily from improved aluminum demand. Moving on our fabrication operations continue to shine. The second quarter 2014 benefited from record quarterly shipments of 105,000 tons, which resulted from seasonable and general improvement and non-residential construction as well as market share gains. Product pricing increased in this quarter as steel cost declined expanding profitability. Additionally, volume is powerfully, excuse me, volume is a powerful lever for our fabrication operation. It allows the team to fully utilize our technologies and incentive systems resulting in dramatic cost compression of our conversion costs. Second quarter fabrication operating income increased $4.5 million to $7.6 million compared to the first quarter. For comparison purposes, this quarters earnings alone surpassed all of 2013s results. We continue to see improvements in the underlying non-residential demand as well as an opportunity for further market gain. Good news all around in fabrication. Moving to cash flow, during the second quarter of 2014, we generated $76 million of cash from operations compared to utilizing $27 million in the first quarter of this year. Year-to-date working capital has increased $177 million with accounts receivable driving the increase. The key drivers are good things though. They are based on improved demand environment in our organic growth ramp, which impacts both accounts receivable and to a much lesser extent inventory levels. While the quantity of our receivables have increased, the quality has not deteriorated and days outstanding are appropriately maintained. Our capital structure remains strong. Liquidity was $1.4 billion at June 30. This includes cash of $357 million and the benefit of our unused $1.1 billion revolving credit facility. We are also pleased with conversion of our convertible notes which matured on June 15, 2014. The holders of 272 million of this security exercise their option to convert the notes into approximately 15.9 million shares of our common stock. The remaining $60 million of outstanding notes were repaid in cash. The conversion will net  be net cash flow positive as interest savings are more than offsetting our current dividend payment rate. This security provided an important component of our capital structure over the last five years and its conversion to equity further strengthens our financial position for growth supporting the planned acquisition of Columbus as well. Our credit metrics are again even stronger. Our net debt capitalization ratio went from 40% at June 30 to 34%  excuse me from 40% at March 31 to 34% at June 30 with total debt of $1.8 billion and net debt of $1.4 billion. Our trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA was $711 million, which results in net leverage of 2.1 times. We are really in great shape. Finally, to conclude, as a brief confirmation from yesterdays call, I will summarize a few points that were mentioned. The Severstal Columbus purchase price is $1.65 billion which we intend to finance through our available cash and new debt. Its early in the transaction, so we currently believe future annual maintenance capital for Columbus will be in the range of $25 million plus as currently configured an additional $10 million to $15 million for contracted services. Additionally, we currently believe future depreciation and amortization will be in the range of $80 million to $100 million thats before any purchase price allocation that because of the recent construction of the facility, we dont expect a big step up in fixed asset base. Several of you also had asked about the Mississippi state income tax rate, for 2013 and 14 for income above $10,000 the rate is 5% and that compares favorably. Last years Indiana income tax rate was 7.25%. And finally, we believe our pro forma total average will be in the range of 3.5 times at closing with a clear path to return to our preferred net leverage of less than three times within around 12 months. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong based on our low cost, highly variable operating platforms which provide robust recycle cash flow. Our capital structure has the flexibility to sustain current operations and more importantly support our growth. Mark?
Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Super. Thanks Theresa. Well, we will begin with safety and as I consistently communicate its the absolute highest priority for me, for each employee and for our families. Simply said, our goal is for all employees who work each day incident free. Even though our results are better than industry averages, I believe there is more to be done and we continue to make progress. Towards that goal 90 of our 119 locations achieved zero recordable incidents through June. My personal congratulations and thanks to those teams. Thank you for demonstrating that our goal to reach zero accidents is achievable and is sustainable. Keep up the great safe work. Corporately, our safety results continue to be better than industry averages. As we suggested, the first quarter softness in the U.S. economy was weather-related and temporary and not a structural change in the progress of the economic recovery. As the U.S. economy regained its growth momentum and continues to improve, we believe the non-services sector growth is capable of increasing at a higher rate than the overall GDP. And we continue to see evidence of this. As the employment rate continuing to improve, consumer confidence followed. The June consumer sentiment index was the highest level obtained since January 2008. The automotive market remained strong, sales continue to outpace expectations. The expected build rate for 2014 is currently 16.5 million units and is forecast to grow to 17.8 million units over the next couple of years. Energy certainly one of the brightest spots for the U.S. is a significant contributor to overall domestic steel consumption. The U.S. oil rig count continues to increase. And for the first time in 19 years, the U.S. is producing more oil than its importing. Fixed asset investments that support the domestic energy market are and will continue to be needed. The manufacturing sector particularly for end use products that require steel continues to strengthen. And very importantly, construction we believe also continues to improve. Through May residential construction is up 9% year-over-year. Non-residential construction also continues to trend upward and through May has increased 8% year-over-year. And for us more important than the macro market indicators is the strength of our order books and we continue to see them strengthen across our steel and fabrication segments. Our steel operations segment had a strong second quarter both financially and operationally. They shipped a record 1.7 million tons both flat-rolled and structural and rail divisions hit quarterly records. Structural and rail division achieved the new monthly shipping record in June, the majority of the increase being from steel beams although rail continues to head upward momentum as well. We continue to work closely with the Class I railroads through their qualification process for our premium rail. The quality of our premium rail is receiving high praise from our customers. Premium rail expansion positions us to become the preeminent supplier in North America as measured by product quality and value. We are the only North American producer of 320 foot long rail which is a strong competitive advantage for us. Additionally, we are able to weld these longer rails together to produce 1600 foot length standard or premium rails that require significantly fewer weld points than our competition. That creates significant value for our railroad customers through reduced installation cost, lower ongoing track maintenance expense and is importantly improved rail safety. Our new engineered bars smaller diameter rolling mill is on scheduled to be fully commissioned this month. Our customers are pleased with the limited product we ship to-date. Throughout the expansion, the team is not distracted from its principal task delivering quality products to our customers. The team maintained a superior performance in quality and customer service as evidenced by the second quarter Jacobson & Associates survey results. They were ranked the number one domestic SBQ mill overall. Quite a feat, given the tremendous effort required for the expansion project, so very kudos for the team now. We have heard comments regarding the impact of SBQ capacity being built and its impact on our ability to fully utilize the new 325,000 tons of capacity. Our expansion is specific to the small diameter bar market which is approximately 4 million to 5 million tons of the total SBQ arena. So we are not taking a big bite of the apple. Furthermore, we are confident that our trusted customer relationships that have been built on quality and on-time delivery will allow us to increase that market share. Our steel mill utilization rate increased to 90% in the quarter across all our mills, positively influencing the steel operations profitability as high utilization resulted in cost compression. Of note, our flat roll division achieved two back to back record Hot Band production months, an incredible achievement for that mill. We continue to see our steel order book strengthen and in spite of the recent elevation in volume of imported steel during the quarter, likewise the domestic industry utilization has edged up. The considerable global overcapacity will certainly be a headwind to steel pricing for the foreseeable future. But I believe that historic true cycle level of imports as a percentage of demand will continue to remain in the low to mid-20% range and that we will not see a glut of any consequence on a sustained basis. Nonetheless, as an American steel producer, we understand and desire the dynamics of a competitive market as long as its fair and its equitable. We must remain vigilant as a nation and our administration must enforce world trade laws in order for us to compete on a level playing field. Our metals recycling business continued to work through another challenging quarter and the team did a good job managing through it. The Midwest region realized scrap flow improvement in both ferrous and non-ferrous volume as the spring thaw took hold. However, downward pressure on ferrous prices the last two months of the quarter tightened ferrous metal spread. The scrap export market for ferrous material appears to be shaping up similarly to 2013 as year-to-date total export volumes through May are lower than recent historical volumes for the same period. Compounded in the domestic scrap market volatility is the continuing overcapacity of shredders. Non-ferrous metal spreads was the bright spot for our recycling segment and improved over first quarter largely due to higher metal spreads for copper and most particularly aluminum. Moving to fabrication, they also achieved record quarterly shipments. Our order book continues to strengthen and inquiries remain robust. According to Steel Joist Institute, domestic year-over-year joist shipments have increased 14% as of May 2014. Our joist shipments increased over 30%. The team is doing a phenomenal job, is increasing market share and successfully leveraging our national footprint. As mentioned in our press release, remaining operating trials were completed and a four-week outage was taken to upgrade the rotary hearth furnace during the second quarter at our Minnesota operations. As anticipated, these trials and the outage resulted in second quarter losses similar to those experienced in the first quarter. However, the trials resulted in very encouraging results related to the improvement in yield, quality, volume and raw material input costs resulting in a potential cost structure that we believe is competitive relative to anticipated long-term market pig iron pricing. We believe we can achieve a $340 to $350 per metric ton cash cost basis before the end of 2014. This assumes an operating rate of approximately 32,000 metric tons per month or 360,000 metric tons annually. Given the pig iron prices that historically range from approximately $380 to $550 per ton NOLA since January 2010, we believe the Minnesota process is a good hedge based both on secure supply as well as quality and cost. However, this cost structure must be confirmed on a consistent ongoing basis over the coming months. In the meantime, as the operations ramp back up, third quarter 2014 losses related to the companys Minnesota operations are expected to be meaningfully less than those incurred in the second quarter. Iron Dynamics operation produced 64,000 metric tons of liquid pig, slightly lower than the prior year first quarter, but the team continues to perform well. IDI is an integral contributor to the flat roll divisions productivity and is also a great sustainability story. A 100% of their iron needs are obtained through recycling steel mill waste oxides. Regarding outlook and that we remain very optimistic. If you couple our organic growth projects and latent steel capacity with the planned acquisition of Columbus and our belief that steel consumption will continue to improve, we are foreseeing incredible growth for Steel Dynamics for our employees, customers and shareholders alike. Our resolve to maintain a differentiated growth company that effectively and efficiently performs through the cycle is unwavering. We believe our superior operating culture and the strength of our financial performance provides evidence of our successful business model regardless of the market environment. We recognize that we were in a relational business. Our focus on providing exceptional value to our customers, delivering the highest quality products when and where they are needed and actively engaging customers in discussions about their future needs are critical to our success. We believe Steel Dynamics is best positioned to capitalize on the phenomenal growth opportunities that lay ahead. The strong character and fortitude of our employees are unmatched. The dedication to customers and passion for excellence compel us to achieve highest standards of the performance. And I thank each and every one of them for their hard work and dedication and remind them that safety is the first priority always. Again, thank you for your time today folks. And Kevin, we would like to open the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is coming from Luke Folta from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Good morning, guys. Long time no talks. I guess first one I had was on SBQ, can you talk about of the new 325,000 tons of capacity that you have at Pittsboro, how much you are shipping from those operations now, the new line?
Mark Millett: Hi, Luke. We have produced about 3,000 tons off of the new mill so far during our  just the last month or two of commissioning, because we really just put the sizing mill, put the last component to be commissioned and that was just here in the month of June and July. And so the dimensions are dialed in and the service quality has been dialed in and so now we look to ramp it up, but about 3,000 tons and we are looking to move that up a couple of thousand tons each month now.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Okay. And also there has been a couple of rounds of price increases for SBQ products this year, curious on your thoughts, so far have those price increases stuck and does that imply that if prices are kind of flat second half into 2015 that you could see price increases on the annual agreements into 15?
Mark Millett: Well, a lot of ours agreements are contractual. And those we maintained spot business, we took that in the upward direction, but we honored all of our prior agreements. Needless to say, the alloys and so forth they are subject to surcharge mechanisms and those will move, but we took the general direction, but did not try to got out and run in a hard upward direction to alienate anyone. Some of our competitors have been having some problems and we have been the beneficiary of some of that business. We have our most solid booking, our strongest book for the next quarter ever. And I think we have been the beneficiary of our marketing philosophy and so we are very pleased with our position.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Nice. Okay. And then just on the target for Columbus for next year, there was some discussion around this on yesterdays call, but just maybe add some granularity, can you give us some sense of what the shipment expectation is or the utilization expectation is for your 15 outlook? I guess I am just trying to  and also can you just discuss I guess what the discrepancy is in profitability between Columbus and Butler and I know you talked about over time you expected those could close and perhaps even Columbus couldnt exceed that of Butler longer term, but just to get a sense of what that discrepancy is in your 15 outlook?
Mark Millett: Yes. I think Luke in total, we are looking at shipments around about 3, 3.1 million tons next in 2015. That actually is not a great deal more than they are shipping today. But you have to take into account a shift into downstream value add and the associated yield loss there. So, I think 3, 3.1 is a pretty solid number, particularly as we anticipate the market is going to continue to improve. Relative to the differences in cost structure there, I think again several areas of improvement of synergy, you have just the conversion cost. I think when you combine the talent and expertise of Columbus with our team we are going to edge that down. We are certainly going to get a benefit from our diverse portfolio. Obviously, there is synergies between Butler and Columbus from a product standpoint and directing the right orders to the right place for the least amount of price. OmniSource will bring some benefit. We have the ability to increase its volume. We certainly have a huge appetite for scrap and everyone else is still going to have their supply capability, but we will be able to leverage OmniSource and bring perhaps a little more scrap in from the Southeast. And then New Millennium obviously is it can be a good source of value. And they have purchased  Chris, how much do you purchase from them last year?
Chris Graham: Little over 60,000 and that was with one of our Southwest plants just in kind of a startup mode.
Mark Millett: Yes.
Chris Graham: This year we look to exceed 80,000.
Mark Millett: Yes. Yes, but given the geographic location of the mill and proximity to us, Southeast and Southwest plants, we expect that volume could quite easily grow to 180,000.
Chris Graham: Yes.
Mark Millett: So, that gives you almost an immediate boost in utilization of the value-add downstream lines down there. And thats probably an area given better utilization and utilizing our knowledge in that arena we can certainly I think grow value. I think thirdly, we mentioned yesterday that there are legacy costs  legacy what I call contracts there. The way the mill is built originally, a lot of CapEx was distributed to the  or delegated to the service provider and its kind of a shift of CapEx to an operating cost. And as those contracts unwind naturally over the next year or so, two years we believe we are going to get some synergy from that. And then finally just logistics, I think combination of OmniSource and a couple of other things that we are going on, we can I believe get scrap and raw materials down to the facility at a slightly less, again not massively less, but slightly improved cost. So if you add those all up, I think there is meaningful synergies, I think we have talked about $30 million yesterday, I think we also said about $10 million, Theresa or so is going to be in the very near future and the other 20 will come on over the next year or two.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Okay. And just for clarification the 2.1 thats a short turn?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Okay. And then just as that compares to Butler should we be thinking of like 110, 120 per ton is kind of normalized Butler number?
Mark Millett: 110, 120 I dont think good try, but I dont think we have necessarily given that number out.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Okay.
Theresa Wagler: Tried.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Last one Theresa, whats the diluted share count and interest expense going to be now with the convert retirement just to square that up?
Theresa Wagler: Sure. So the share is actually for the third quarter had come down slightly because not all of the notes converted. So I would say probably like $240.2 million is probably a good number to you. And for interest expense I would say probably somewhere around $27 million, $28 million per quarter.
Luke Folta - Jefferies: Okay. Alright. Thank you and congrats again.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brett Levy from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: Hey guys. Can you talk about earlier you said the order books are stronger, can you sort of talk about how far they go out in sort of each of the relevant product areas?
Mark Millett: I think the sheet mill is very, very strong. Obviously, yes there are some upper price  upward price momentum just recently. I think on the hot-rolled band side of things we are probably we are into
Dick Teets: Look we dont know our policies, we dont open our books in flat rolled except like a month out for the Hot Band and a little bit further for our coated products and thats our standard because we really do play in the spot market. So we are and thats why we got a little bit of notoriety here recently in the press when we sent note to our customers to say we were full because that was in the close order.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: So that four weeks or so for Hot Band and
Dick Teets: And six to eight weeks for our coated products and thats as they are basically for across the board. Our structural and rail has a good backlog, solid for July probably three quarters of August, but we always expect to pick up the orders as we go through the rollings and so August is not an issue. And I know that we have orders in rails so forth already passed that. We are looking at only quarter-to-quarter and dont open up the final quarter, yet at all-in the structural and rail yet, even someone who placed an order we dont see it on our logs. As far as I mentioned SBQ, we have the strongest backlog right now than we have had in years and actually the strongest book in the month ever. And so thats very heartening. Probably the weakest place we have, excuse me is at Roanoke but strongest in the most recent past because we are back to rolling mill full time as we were taking two days a month out, but we are rolling merchant bar and shapes. And so I am pleased to say that strengthened and Steel West Virginia, this past week we have been rolling full and there is a little bit of a weakness possible, but we are not concerned about it. Its going to be a very solid year at Steel West Virginia.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: Yes.
Dick Teets: And I think and The Techs because we are working in a flat roll, the sales is working as a team. Again MetalTech is the strongest book we had quite in quite a while. I mean the most difficult place I would tell you is the NexTech which is the very light gauge in our products and that was under attack from China and India and so forth. And now it will be open and (indiscernible) trade cases behind us, we are gathering data and want to deal with it as we keep it along with our competitors and thats to be done.
Mark Millett: So, its on the steel side  thanks you, very, very solid. I think additionally though our optimism comes from the  where we see the improvement in the construction arena. So Chris can you give us a little insight as to your non-residential construction move?
Dick Teets: Yes Mark, we  quote activity remained strong. We had mentioned in the past call or two that the Southeast was lagging a bit. We are pleased to see that the Southeast activity is picking up at a nice pace. Bookings remained strong and our joist and deck backlogs currently are at record levels. The joist industry bookings are on pace to exceed 950,000 tons for 2014, that would represent the biggest year by far since 2008. And the team is capitalizing on these new opportunities, stands prepared to handle even higher levels. The activity going forward, we find strength and been able to move work around our national footprint. And so the team is ready to go. They have done a good job.
Mark Millet: The earnings for the second quarter were pretty good too.
Dick Teets: Well, we dont, yes we got work to do, but its all improving.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: Okay. And then you guys mentioned on yesterdays call that you potentially look at Galvalume were offered for sale kind of fits your footprint kind of down the middle of the country. Would you guys be committed to keeping the same sort of conservative debt to equity ratio as if you were to look at that transaction as well?
Theresa Wagler: From the financial perspective, we are very much committed to again growth, but if growth gets us outside of our metrics of preference which we really do look at is net leverage three times or less. We will do it as long as within an 18 to 24 months period, we are able to get back into that alignment. So I think, yes we still are committed to that.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: And then, the last ones sort of the acute question, $16 million of the converts were just matured, would it have been possible to like buy them back and then convert them, or I mean it seems like somehow money was left on the table there by somebody?
Theresa Wagler: Money was left on the table by them, yes. And no, it wasnt at our option. So we had to pay them in cash.
Brett Levy - Jefferies: Got it. Thanks very much.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Mark Millett: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matt Murphy from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Murphy - UBS: Good morning. I am just wondering for a bit more color on Minnesota operations and where youre targeting about, a need to confirm the cost structure, I guess trying to get a sense of how well do you understand the process rate now, has there been sort of in these trials, has there been sort of a clear outcome and you just want to run with that for a while, so just a bit more color there? Thanks.
Mark Millet: Well, I am not sure I can articulate it any better than you just did that the trials were very indicative. It showed us a combination. Theresa used the analogy that we know the ingredients and had to bake the cake, we would just go do it each and everyday. I think the startup  and again we started back up at the end of June, but July month-to-date we are running at around about 95% availability and a little over actually it was 340,000 ton annualized run rate. So the volume I think is we are very comfortable with the 360 or perhaps even more run rate. The year improvements and the raw material input changes all point to a cost structure as I mentioned in that 340, 350 range and its just a matter of doing it month in month out and so well see what that yields appear in the next month or two.
Matt Murphy - UBS: And you said a significant change in the degree of loss in Q3 I guess is there any scenario you would look at where you would actually not be loss making there in the near future?
Mark Millet: Well Q3, we wouldnt get to a non loss posture in Q3 and on a pre-tax basis probably not the fourth quarter. The financial profile will be meaningfully improved.
Matt Murphy - UBS: Okay thanks a lot.
Mark Millet: Expected at least to be meaningfully improved.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tony Rizzuto from Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: Thank you very much congrats on the acquisition and all the progress across the company?
Mark Millet: Thank you.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: It appears as there is use potential alone at product mix shift at Columbus and I just wanted to pursue that a little bit more I think in 2013 hot-rolled comprised about 70% of the overall shipments there can you provide some guidance as to where you guys expect that mix to be say two years down the road hot-rolled cold-rolled and coated?
Mark Millet: I am not sure I have actually booked it from a percentage basis.
Dick Teets: No, but I think just in general just like above we pull it down to close to the 45% to 50% high band no dont really shift much people on oil because they run their mill and they dont have a disconnect for the people line there. Now they push full, kept the line but it only runs one or two turns a week which is  I am going to say tragic but an asset has been totally underutilized and then from a galvanized standpoint we recognize that annual basis to and so Im not trying to criticize and then but thats where we look to push the tons through and get the value there. And so therefore that will pull those Hot Band tons down and we need to get the tons through the mill and down through the - Hot Band galvanized or cold-rolled galvanized. And it will become more over balanced like Butler I would believe.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: This is actually
Dick Teets: Obviously but as we mentioned yesterday, the capture is much thick of diameter we have the ability, heavier gauges, wider widths and the team there is already working on developing and evolving to the X70, grade energy scale which carries a good premium. So I think there is continued focus there. They are having some success with some of the dual phase steels, again good premium for those and that will be our focus also.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: Can you guys give me an idea of what the approximate cost would be going from hot-rolled to cold-rolled and to coated?
Mark Millet: Again, the time we dont really give our conversion cost out.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: Okay. I have got a question on dual CTG market if I may, of the hot-rolled coil at Columbus thats going to tubers currently. Is it fair to say that this is the more basic low carbon alloys substrate and could you give us an idea of what price level the tubers may be selling this product for at present the ERW product?
Mark Millet: Mostly the focus at Columbus is not necessarily, and correct me if I am wrong, but its not been the focus to supply just absolute basic carbon ERW. They are supplying the X40, X50 today, X60.
Dick Teets: And there is a whole range, they do quite a nice job of supplying quite a few different tubers and full complement of  across the board. So and what they sell for, I  what the tuber sell for, I cant tell you. I have no idea.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: Alright, no problem. And then finally just a question guys on the overall domestic flat roll market and I wonder, do you feel that the supply, demand improvement may be partly related to the lack of CapEx in 2009 and 2010 timeframe principally by the integrated players and the effect that this may be having somewhat on the equipment uptime or operational stability, how do you guys feel about that?
Mark Millet: Well obviously they've had over the last 12 months a few outages here and there, to be honest, I'm not so sure where folks do not know whether its regular maintenance or sort of monies that they haven't spent over the last two, three years. So, I dont think we can comment on that time.
Tony Rizzuto - Cowen and Company: I always respect your views though Mark on that because you obviously  you have some great vision into that but I appreciate any comments you can make on that? Thank you.
Mark Millet: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Timna Tanners from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hello, good morning guys.
Mark Millet: Good morning.
Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I wanted to ask a little bit about the margin in the second quarter. So, prices fell what in average of about two bucks and scraps off 16 bucks which is a bit unusual, you also had the problems with some of the integrated peers and production, you just mentioned some of your SBQ peers had some problems producing so I guess I just wanted some thoughts on how sustainable second quarter margins might be in light of those elements?
Mark Millet: I think as we see the market today, most of our revenues is stable to positive from a pricing standpoint. And I think the potential and we dont really like to prophesize as to where the scrap market is going but given the export market is not incredibly strong and flows are good we expect scrap at least in the near term to be kind of side ways to edge down may be a few bucks. So, I think the current environment is probably sustainable.
Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, this  even if the production comes back from some of your peers on those products we just discussed, it can continue to see the differential between scrap and steel where it's been you're seeing?
Mark Millet: I think SDI at least will not be impacted by that.
Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just switching gears, I just want to make sure I understand on Mesabi, I think I missed the number that you gave for you cost structure going forward and can you also just provide I'm still sorry it's not really clear on what its going to take to get to a more advantageous position and sorry if I am being dense but I'm just not really clear on what's improved, if you could give us a little more detail there?
Mark Millet: Yes. The number, the range I gave was the cash cost basis of $340 to $350 per metric ton. And again  it's a matter of executing on the results that we saw in the prior trials earlier this year.
Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, maybe I will follow up later on. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Evan Kurtz from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Hi good morning guys.
Mark Millet: Good morning.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: So, maybe just a follow-up and it sounds like here in the 3Q, are you looking for scrap to be sideways to down, pricing is certainly stable, may be moving up a little bit right now. Are there any sort of offsets to that or should we expect to see some improving margins in the third quarter?
Mark Millet: I think Ive already opened our crystal ball as far as we invite the (indiscernible).
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I will probably give it a try. Maybe moving on then to Columbia City, how much upside is left on the long product side. I know you had a pretty strong quarter but it seems like there is still quite a bit of availability at that plant and as the non-res recovery unfolds, may be if you could just provide some color on where do you see upside as beam volumes improve and perhaps beam margins improve, I know back in 2007 beam margins are better than rail margins, do you think we can get back to a time and place like we were back then?
Mark Millet: I will say that Columbus City does have the opportunity to continue to move up in volume that goes to say they, number one mill, the rigs on heavy section mill is fully loaded and with rail and heavier section productions. We have recently added a third crew on to the medium section mill and now that theyve trained and operating the sales force is out trying to fill up that shifts. And so there is the opportunity is there. And again its lighter section, so you need to see you are ending up selling time under mill because it turns a lot of linear feet and from a margin perspective I think the industry has done well with the support from the customers and so forth. Imports have recently backed off a little bit and so we have cleaned up I think our discounts that were floating around out there and now I think were back to nice pricing and there is a may be an underpinning of may be some upward movements so it depends on scraps. So I think the opportunity is at Columbia City out of all our mills and so our sales force is out working their tails off.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: I can you tell us I am sorry?
Mark Millett: On brands of basis if you think I dont think you see we shift the record level at 6.1 million tons last year and excluding Columbus for a moment we have about 7.8 million ton shipping capability. So we have about 1.5 million tons of what I consider late and value or volume that weve never had a steel consuming economy to exploit. So that I think considerable upside to us.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: And what sort of operating range was going to be you said in the last quarter?
Chris Graham: I never calculated it again the heavy section mill is four, and so they shipped record rate of about 117,000 production.
Mark Millett: We will get for you as we take another question.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Maybe just last question and I referred a lot in that trade press about the potential flat rolled trade case and cold-rolled and perhaps some one could apprise as well, any thoughts on when we might see that as it close?
Mark Millett: I will just say again I cant speak everyone now I know is that we continue to be distressed by the amount of inputs that are out there both by light gauge rolled and Galvalume and other coated and paint products and so I think we are out gathering data and looking at our own results. And so, we talked our trade attorneys and they are out there having discussions. So I first spend to be a sooner rather than later.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks guys.
Theresa Wagler: On the utilization perspective the structural metal division operated around 75% range in the second quarter.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Its been helpful. Thanks guys.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Gambardella from JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan: Yes, good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan: Question on the potential for the integration between Butler and Columbus currently how much of an overlap those two mills have in terms of regional competition and is there quite a bit of potential to really shorten up your markets or tight up your market may be Butler doesn't have to go as far South and Columbus doesnt have to go as far North. And whats the potential for that and also how are you going to handle the integration in terms of making sure that the mills arent competing against each other?
Mark Millett: I think the  again the purchase has been fully based on where we think we can drive it from the cost perspective and mix shift. If you look at the geographies it is a or there a Southern Mill; I would say versus the Midwest Northern mill. So there's very little overlap to say geographically and then also from a product perspective, a little overlap yes there is I think Dick articulated. They are heavily into the energy pipe markets today, 45% to 50% output whereas Butler is I think these are 10%, 15 percentage is that  Butler is 30, we estimate about 30%  32% automotive. Unexposed automotive, but still automotive where I believe Columbus currently is about 5%. So there's a very large sort of dislocation in both geographic and product overlap. Okay billets  and again until we closed with  weve announced to push this agreement, but until we close, we were full competitors, so.
Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan: Right, sure. Another question, just on the non-res construction demand, have you seen any additional improvement sequentially in the last quarter?
Chris Graham: Yes, this is Chris. I was just looking at six week trends versus 13, 26, 52. We have seen increase from our 52 week average to our 13-week average of probably 30%, 30% to 40%. And so we continue to see signs of increased strength.
Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan: And then down to the six-week?
Chris Graham: Six week is, thats where we start to talk about how far our crystal ball works and the six week averages are as high as they have been, six and 13 right on top each other which are marked improvements over last point 6 and 52 and so as far as we can see the strength continues.
Michael Gambardella - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Millett: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Sal Tharani from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Millett: Good morning, Sal.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to ask you a question, yesterday you made a remark that since the new management of Severstal has come in there has been quite a bit of change in terms of profitability of the company and last six months have been pretty good, you heard similar remarks from AK Steel, I was wondering, you know I mean I am sure when new management came in selling of the plant was probably on the table immediately and I was just wondering that how much of this, and these are big ships who turned around that quickly and I am just wondering their due diligence are you comfortable that all these measures they have taken which have improved profitability over the last six months are sustainable, there is not little bit of window dressing in there, and have you done quite a bit of diligence on that?
Mark Millett: I think we have done more due diligence on this project than anything we have done before by far and we brought in the OmniSource recycling team and they have done a great job looking at the logistics of getting scrap to the mill where the scrap draw regions will be and have been. We see that the changes that the team has made are definitely sustainable, there is no doubt about it.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. So I have another question on the metal recycling and ferrous resources operations to report, so if I look at your OmniSource operating income and even if I subtract the, or add or just for the realized or unrealized hedging losses or gain. I come up with a number per ton which is  much better than what we see at other scrap companies or other steel companies which are on scrap so thats pretty good and kudos to your OmniSource team that put on profitability has been pretty good compared to others. But when I do the math and I look at your at $18 million plus worth of operating income in OmniSource and take the unrealized hedging lost out and then if I subtract your loss from the Minnesota iron producing asset 9.1 million post tax or may be 14 with a pre-tax, it still leaves me a gap of $3 million of loss was that at IDI or is that something I am missing in here?
Theresa Wagler: No, and Sal we can go offline with this if you would like the number that you are looking at for Minnesota is actually a net of tax its not pre-tax and its not the operating level. So the number that youre looking at for Metals Recycling and double segment is operating and the number that we give for Minnesota is not. So there is bridge to do and I am happy to do that with you offline.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay. We will do that. Thank you very much.
Theresa Wagler: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Andrew Lane from Morningstar Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc.: Hi good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc.: A couple questions here, first you mentioned that the purchase of the Columbus facility will provide with access to the Mexican steel market, I am curious as to what portion of Columbus sales are currently derived from Mexico. And then kind of along those lines are there already significant business relationships in place or is this more of a growth opportunity that will come from low base?
Mark Millett: I think its the latter its a very large growth opportunity coming from a low base.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc.: Okay, are you willing to share it?
Mark Millett: Fortunately, we have existing customer relationships that have assets in Monterry in particular currently and I would certainly think that as I trusted loyal relationships, I think we can expand on those and create commercial opportunity for the Columbus mill.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc.: Okay. And then could you provide some colors for just the broader big picture strategy for addressing the Mexican steel market. It didnt really hear what product types might constitute your key exports and what end markets might predominantly fuel growth in the region for you?
Mark Millett: I think the, well the right answer is we havent explored and got an absolute precise strategy in place. But given the relationships weve had the items would cover total sheet, total valves and Hot Band, yes.
Dick Teets: There is a lot of industries that are growing down I need to say are appliance, automotive and energy.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Phil Gibbs from KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Good morning.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: The contract at service piece you mentioned I think it was $10 million to $15 million annualized that you expect to wind down over the course of the next couple of years. Is that right now in the operating expenses of Columbus is that what you were saying?
Theresa Wagler: No, its actually capitalized to CapEx. Typically these services would be part of our operating expense for Columbus it actually comes across as capital investment.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. So are we seeing that 10 million to 15 million then when its transferred over to your P&L, we should see that as operating expense on, is that what you are trying to convey?
Theresa Wagler: Not necessarily, Phil, because again we are looking at what we believe operating rates and things might be going forward, these are some of the contacts that Mark talked earlier that we might be able to renegotiate at some point in time, but so its a little  its less clear than that.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I was just trying to decide for whether your EBITDA thought process included headwind from those contract services or was included in your CapEx assumptions?
Theresa Wagler: Its currently included in our CapEx assumption.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Mark Millett: But just a little clear and we are on the same page. Theresa mentioned that there was CapEx of 25 plus $10 million $15 million of contracted service, al right. That is a little different than the legacy contract services that I was alluding to whereby the service providers that showed some of the CapEx which and those contracts are going to unwind over the next couple of years.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Appreciate that. And Theresa, can you provide the mix of flat roll products in the quarter as you typically do?
Theresa Wagler: Sure, Phil, I am sorry. Okay, so for the flat roll division second quarter shipments hot roll shipments were 358,000 tons, P&L 91,000 tons, cold rolled 47,000 tons, hot-roll galvanized, 128,000 tons. Cold-rolled galvanized 42,000 tons. Painted products were 101,000 tons and finally Galvalume was 11,000 tons.
Phil Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Mark Millett: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nathan Littlewood from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse: Good morning, guys. Congrats again and thanks for the opportunity. I just had a question falling upon yesterday and I apologize if I missed it amongst all that was going on but Theresa, you are kind enough to sort of breakout your estimate for next years EBITDA for this Columbus mill. Now, clearly that has lot of the same sort of macro and commodity price drivers as your existing steel fabrication business. I was wondering if you might be able to help us sort of close the gap between 260 mill at Columbus and what the equivalent number would be for your existing steel fabrication business as we can see it today?
Theresa Wagler: Couple of things. First of all, yesterday we didn't confirm what we thought EBITDA would be for the Columbus mill. What we did was, we talked around a multiple that was given during the presentation, but secondly I think more importantly our steel fabrication business is not related to the Columbus mill, the steel fabrication is really producing joist and decking and we have some more facility on our flat roll division but it is very similar to Columbus but not our steel fabrication operation.
Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse: So, when you look at this, okay they are different products. So when you look at the general sort of macro environment, scrap prices, demand all that sort of stuff, these things are all incredibly correlated and when in fact you look at the historic correlation between Severstals North American earnings and your own earnings or AK Steels earnings again they were very highly co-related. So in an environment where Columbus can do 260 about what sort of ballpark range would you think the existing business is doing?
Theresa Wagler: You are looking for us to give an estimate for Steel Dynamics for 2015 EBITDA, yes we..
Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse: Correct.
Theresa Wagler: Wont do that. We dont believe in giving guidance out that far. So I am sorry I cannot help you with that.
Nathan Littlewood - Credit Suisse: Okay, no problem. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for the final and closing comments.
Mark Millett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Super. Thanks, Kevin and thank you for all those still on the call listening. I would like to thank you for your support, online support for our company and to our customers. Thank you, your loyal support also and to  our employees, keep up the great work and be safe each and everyday guys and girls. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Once again ladies and gentleman this does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marlene Owen  Director-Investor Relations Mark D. Millett  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Theresa E. Wagler  CFO, Executive VP & Head-Media Relations Richard Teets, Jr.  Director, President & COO-Steel Operations Chris Graham  Vice President 
Analysts:  Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co. Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Nick Jarmoszuk  RBC Capital Markets Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Matt Murphy  UBS Securities Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Lange  Morningstar Research Ltd. David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC Luke McFarlane  Macquarie Capital, Inc.  
Operator:  Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, April 17, 2014, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen:  Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be available on the companys website for replay later today. Leading todays call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have the companys operating platform leaders, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, April 17, 2014, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now Im pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks Marlene, good morning everyone. Hopefully, you are all preparing for an enjoyable and safe holiday weekend, and thank you for joining us today, because we truly value your time. Nature certainly showed its fury this quarter, and I believe we weathered the storm better than most, and we are moving forward. And we have made great progress, I do believe on several fronts. And I will expand on that little later. But before we begin, I ask Theresa for brief comments concerning first quarter financial results. 
Theresa E. Wagler:  Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter 2014 net income was $39 million or $0.17 per diluted share. It was on the upper range of our guidance between $0.13 and $0.17. This compares to net income of $55 million or $0.24 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though our net sales of $1.8 billion only decreased minimally compared to the fourth quarter. Operating income declined $27 million or 25%, this was largely due to weather. The severe weather conditions that existed throughout much of the first quarter significantly reduced earnings. Conversion cost at our Midwest steel mills increased due to higher electricity and natural gas costs. Production was reduced due to power company curtailments, and shipments were reduced due to lack of available rail cars and trucks for delivery. All of our businesses were negatively impacted in some way, and our steel operations were impacted the most. Operating income from our steel operations decreased $47 million just over 30% compared to the fourth quarter. Total shipments decreased 6%, but the severe weather impacted our sheet and structural steel operations the most. At these locations, shipments decreased, and we recorded significantly higher electricity and natural gas costs. However, stronger order activity toward the end of the quarter, and the resulting growing backlog, suggest that our customers end market demand is steadily improving, and that reduced first quarter volumes were related to the winter weather. Operating income from our metals recycling operations, decreased by $2 million compared to the fourth quarter. The decrease was directly related to costs associated with building damages from excessive snow accumulation, again weather related. Operationally, ferrous shipments and metal spread were generally flat, while non-ferrous shipments increased and metal spread improved. Fabrication is the bright spot, demand continues to strengthen, from the seasonal perspective shipments were reduced slightly, but operating income actually improved to $3.1 million in the quarter, a notable improvement over previous quarters. From a new contracts perspective more an administrative item, I just wanted to point out that the first quarter effective tax rate included a benefit of approximately $0.01 per diluted share. Towards the end of March Indiana decreased its corporate income tax rate which resulted in us reducing our deferred income tax liability. Regarding first quarter 2014 capital allocation, we utilized $27 million of cash and operations, compared to generating $66 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Working capital required an additional $120 million this quarter, an increase of $89 million in accounts receivable with the primary use of funds. The quality of our customer accounts remain high. The increase is a function of sales timing during the quarter and increased product pricing. Its not from aging accounts. We also just review the companys annual profit sharing allocations to employees in March, this totaled $23 million. Going forward we would expect working capital to be a source of funding for the second quarter of 2014. Liquidity remains strong. At March 31, our liquidity totaled $1.4 billion. This includes available cash of $343 million and the benefit of our unused revolving credit facility of $1.1 billion. Our credit metrics are also very good and well within any covenant requirements. At the end of the quarter total debt was $2.1 billion with minimal secured borrowings of just over 15% of our outstanding. Our net debt was $1.8 billion, with trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA at $643 million resulting a net debt leverage of 2.8 times, which is below our preference of 3 times through the cycle. Current maturities of long-term debt were $344 million at March 31, including this amount all the convertible senior notes of $288 million that matured June 15. 16.8 million shares underlie the notes, with an expected conversion price of $17.10. Our stock price has been trading well above its amount. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong based on our low cost highly variable operating platforms which provides robust through cycle cash flow. Our capital structure has both the flexibility to sustain current operations and support future growth. To conclude, I will provide the sub-categories for those tracking our sheet shipments. For the first quarter of 2014, hot-rolled coil shipments were 263,000 tons. P&L 87,000 tons, cold-rolled coil 32,000 tons, hot-rolled galvanized, 106,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized, 41,000 tons, painted products, 101,000 tons, and finally Galvalume, with 10,000 tons for a total of 642,000 tons of shipments in the first quarter. Mark, Id like to turn it back to you now.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Theresa. We will begin with safety, which is the absolute highest priority for me, for each employee, and for our families. And simply said, our goal for all our employees is to work each day incident-free. Even though our results are better than industry averages, theres more to be done, and we are making progress. Our continued focus on safety is affecting positive change. Many of the teams achieved zero recordable incidents in the first quarter. My personal congratulations and thanks to those teams. A zero-incident environment is definitely achievable, and so to our team, I challenge you to that goal and keep up the great work, and I look forward to more improvement throughout the year. I also want to take a second to recognize and thank a vast majority of our employees throughout the different business segments for working effectively and most importantly, safely through the extreme cold temperatures and inclement weather conditions that occurred this quarter. And especially the men and women in Minnesota. They truly live through a brutal winter, and I thank you. So its not news that the winter was tough, not just for the metals industry, but for the broader economy as well. Extreme temperatures and record snowfall hindered movement and consumer activities, delays and cancellations for both rail and truck transportation were prevalent. Significantly in equipment ferrous, major highways, secondary roads experienced closures. Basically, transportation was a mess, and led to the interruption of delivering of supplies, and raw materials, and shipment of product. Furthermore, energy costs went through the roof, with both gas and power curtailments. Consumers stayed at home; building sites were shut down. So I think it is no surprise, and honestly, that numerous key economic indicators were negatively impacted, and consumer settlement declined. But as I look at the window, the sun is shining and I believe spring is finally sprung. Our earlier belief that the market softness was related to severe weather, and to a temporary spike in imports, and not through an underlying structural change in growth or demand, seems to be confirmed as market indicators have improved, consumer sentiment is rising, and most importantly our order book has strengthened on all fronts. We are confident that the broader U.S. economy will continue to improve. Non-service sector growth should grow at a higher rate than overall GDP, especially over the next three to five years, based on strength and asset values, domestic energy investment, and the need for increased infrastructure spending. As you look around, for example, as things thawed, March automotive sales were at their highest level since May 2007. Expected build rate for the year is 16.5 million units, continuing to grow to 17.5 million units by 2016. Energy remains a bright spot for the U.S. in general, and for the steel industry, as it is a major consumer pipe and tube products. Energy growth will also require major infrastructure investment for natural gas and liquids transportation. Construction spending helped steady a gain for the third consecutive month, but February 2014 results exceeding 2013 by 8%. 14 February year-to-date residential spending is up 6% from 2013, which is especially strong when you know the weather challenges. In addition, the architectural billings index also improved in February, and picked up. We will benefit from this growth, especially as construction improves which also benefits all our businesses, with the inclusion of the full capacity for our recent SBQ expansion, we have annual steel shipping capability of 7.8 million tons today. Our record shipments of 6.1 million tons was achieved last year, so we still have 1.7 million tons of steel to ship, the majority of which is tied to construction markets, giving Steel Dynamics meaningful leverage to the residential and non-residential construction recovery. As steel demand increases this year, demand for ferrous scrap also improve benefitting our metals recycling operations. And finally, our fabrication operations also have a significant amount of production capability that has remained unused due to demand. As a reflection of our confidence in SDIs current and future strength of cash flow generation, and our financial position our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend by 5% for the first quarter. As Theresa mentioned, our steel operations experienced some significant challenges during the first quarter. Production utilization decreased slightly to 86% compared to 88% in the fourth quarter. But we feel this reduction was not demand-related, but was caused by power company curtailments. Without these, utilization would have been comparable quarter-over-quarter. As a function of the extreme winter environment, spot electricity and natural gas costs skyrocketed. Most energy suppliers utilized their interruptible hours, causing increased costs, and in certain circumstances, lost production. We used the unplanned downtime for maintenance where we could, and the Flat Roll and Structural and Rail divisions were the most significantly impacted. First quarter Flat Roll Division shipments were down 13% sequentially and this is not surprising. The end markets predominantly consuming these products also experienced weather-related issues both in consumption and logistics. So good news we saw a steady improvement on our order books in March, even before the recent tightness in domestic supply. Shipments were only slightly lower for the Structural and Rail Division that higher energy costs significantly reduced earnings. Otherwise, we are seeing improved stable demand for wide-flange beams, and ended the quarter with a good order backlog. We are very excited to announce the completion of our expansion into premium rail. We are the only producer now of 320-foot standard and head-hardened premium rail in North America. We are currently in the qualification process for our premium rail with North Americas Class I railroads. Further limited production runs are scheduled for the second quarter of 2014. Full production ramp-up will continue through 2014 and into 2015. We're aligned to be the preeminent supplier, based both on quality and value. Our capability to produce longer length rail that can be further welded into 1,600 foot lengths significantly reduces both installation and maintenance costs for our rail consumers. Our Engineered Bar Products division performed well in the quarter. Shipments increased 17%. The SBQ market continued to strengthen. Our customers are gaining confidence in growth, and we are seeing increased stable demand. The introduction of increased automotive and truck customers combined with strong future demand has improved our order activity At the end of March our order backlog was stronger than its been almost two years and timing couldnt be better. Because again, great news, the team shipped prime product from the new SBQ rolling mill expansion. Further commission of this will be completed through the end of the second quarter. This expansion makes us the largest single site supplier of engineered SBQ bars in North America, with an annual production capacity of 950,000 tons. Moving to metals recycling, the quarter continued to be a challenge for the industry. Compared to the fourth quarter, the slight decrease in profitability was related to building damage caused by excessive snow accumulation. External ferrous shipments and metal spread decreased in the first quarter, as transportation hindered volume, and pricing declined in February and March. Tread over-capacity and weakened demand for exports continues to cause domestic scrap market volatility. Nonferrous volumes and metal spreads were somewhat improved, although the markets were quite frosty in the quarter. As mentioned in the press release, our Minnesota operations certainly didnt escape the impact of the cold. I believe they had 70 consecutive days of sub-zero temperatures, not a conducive environment for trials. We took a two-week hiatus to escape extraordinarily high natural gas prices, and we also didnt receive raw material that was necessary for testing until mid-April, because of the transportation delays on the Great Lakes. All that said, the learning curve was steep, and we were able to make meaningful progress during the quarter. Production rates and plant availability results confirmed the Nuggets plant, ability to produce in excess of 30,000 metric tons per month. Our primary focus has been and continues to be, on product yield improvement and production cost. And on both these fronts, we have made progress. We planned to complete the remaining tests, and our assessment of the process, in the second quarter. Positive momentum continues for our fabrication business. First quarter orders were of the magnitude typically seen in the construction-intense summer months rather than in the slow winter timeframe. Our March backlog is meaningfully higher than March of last year. Steel Joist Institute is forecasting 8% to 10% growth in 2014 and we are very optimistic that will be accomplished. Both as a function of demand improvement and the benefit of our broadened geographic footprint, we should benefit quite well. A steady increase in fabrication and wide-flange beam orders gives us confidence that the nonresidential construction is definitely in recovery. Driven to maintain a sustainable differentiated business, we are focusing on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrate the sustainability of our business model, both in good and in challenging market environments. We are focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, partnering with them to deliver what they need today and anticipate what they will need for tomorrow. As we look ahead, we are optimistic concerning the industry and even more so for Steel Dynamics. The passion and spirit of our employees compel us to a standard of excellence, to perform at the highest level. I thank each of them for their hard work and dedication and to remind them, safety is the first priority, always. Again, thank you for your time. And Melissa, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: 
 :
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Good morning, Mark, Theresa and Dick, and everybody.
Mark D. Millett:  Good morning, Sal.
Theresa E. Wagler:  Good morning.
Mark D. Millett: (indiscernible)
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thank you. A couple of questions on Mesabi. You mentioned the weather, and obviously, the project is in northern Minnesota, which obviously gets colder. Of course, there is no question that it was worse winter than we have seen in many years. Is this  did this stop you from doing your changes that you wanted to do, or the trials you wanted to run, to make sure that process improves? Or is it impacting your  if this process was running regularly, fine, would that be an issue going forward, also, if weather gets worse? Or was it just because you weren't able to run those special trials because of the weather?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from the standpoint of availability of the plant to produce, I think the team did a marvelous job. It did drop-off a little bit compared to summer months. But each winter, I think the team learns and slowly and improves and closes certain things, and that will just continue to improve. I cant say that weather didnt impact the availability of the plant, but that will improve and can be eliminated I think going forward. I think the weather did delay the trials. Again, we shut down for a couple of weeks natural gas cost which is prohibited, it would have been nonsensical for us to continue to run at that moment of time. So that obviously delayed things a little. And certain raw materials that we want to trial, we just couldnt get them to the plant. Obviously the lake conditions remain pretty severe. Lake Superior is  I think has still about 90% ice coverage up there. And so thats going to continue to give some protracted problems, I think to a variety of different companies. But its just a matter of getting the raw materials up there. The mills turn to rail to get the pellets to their plants, and they wield a bigger stick then we do. And so certain raw materials just didnt get there until mid-April. Theyre arriving and the trials, the definitive trails that we outlined in the past well be completed, we think in the next two, three weeks.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: When you mention raw material, isn't iron ore coming from the Magnetation joint venture, which is very close by? Is there some other raw materials we shouldn't get on the  from  through the Great Lakes?
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the iron concentrate from mine resources is hasnt been a problem. There are other raw materials fluxes, different fluxes, and binders that we have been trailing, or want to trial to reduce the operating cost.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thats very helpful.
Mark D. Millett: But I think the learning curve has, as I said, have been very, very steep, I am more than confident that plant availability can be in excess of 85%, they have proven it time and time again. Were confident that we can get to 30,000 tons or slightly more per month, we dont feel thats a problem. The recent trials have certainly reduced the volumes generation which has been a focus. And I think we see an opportunity for the cash cost structure to be in the range as other products being constructed in the country today. Again we need to verify that and be sure that, with the trials we have planned in the next two, three, four weeks.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And the other thing I have is that your operating income in the omni-source was $9.5 million, which was mostly offset by Mesabi Nugget's $8.9 million. I am just wondering, do you still have a loss of $11 million in the metals recycling? Or was it strictly IDI, which was a big component of that $11 million loss?
Theresa E. Wagler: No, Sal actually you are mixing apples and oranges a bit. So the $8 million that you are referring to for Minnesota that we have in the press release, that is a net of tax number and the other numbers you are talking about are operating numbers. So you cant combine the two because if you are looking at from the operating level, you have to also include the portion of losses that are not ours because its a joint venture.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, and was IDI profitable?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes it was.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right, thank you very much. Ill get back in the queue.
Theresa E. Wagler: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Katz with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I hope you are doing well, looking at the order backlog you made several repeated dimensions of it being stronger than its been in nearly two years. So can one look at that and then conclude that absence, the expansion that you guys have completed that volume will be reasonably up compared to the past two years second quarters?
Mark D. Millett: Well, dont forget the  I think I tried to articulate this. The SBQ expansion did shipped some prime material just before the end of the quarter, as kind of advertised. They are going to continue to commission and fine-tune the process there. So I wouldnt anticipate meaningful volume, right, Dick? In the second quarter, but then in the third and fourth quarter that will start ramping up. Similarly for rail they did ship some material, prime head hardened rail, thats gone out to Class I rail routes for their final approval. And so thats going to be a sort of a commissioning trial for the next few months, I would think. Right?
Richard Teets, Jr.: Thats correct. I mean again when you are talking backlogs we talk about backlog strength, how far it gets pushed out not necessarily the volume increased because when you are sold out, you are sold out. And so when we talk about the commissioning of the number two mill or what we are calling at the (indiscernible) in Pittsboro. And we are only rolling lets say 2,000 tons a month on it right now, and commissioning different products on it, when you have a mill thats shipping 55, 000 to 65, 000 tons a months adding 2000 tons to it doesnt add a tremendous amount of volume. And I think we get by the end of the year if we get up to a 16,000 tons a month thats not a tremendous amount of volumes being added to it, but it is extra volume. Again with rail we are adding the premium rail to it, but its displacing standard rail. So its again the strengthening of the margin, but its not necessarily strengthening the order book. Our shipments there though have been improving, we definitely proving over the first quarter because of the weather and so forth. We had  I think our second heaviest shipping month in the month of March at Columbia City versus the history going all way back to 2007. So the market in whole from beams as well and now they have the additional product of rail to ship versus then, but things are improving there to. But we still have a ways to go to fill out Roanoke because of the commercial products that we make there, it is still a bit weak. But Steel West Virginia is full. Again backlog is strengthening there, but thats extending, not necessarily more volume coming out of the mill.
Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, and then with regard to capital expenditures on the previous conference call, you guided to expenditures in all of 2014 of $125 million to $150 million or about $30 million of that was CapEx that was going to be carried over into the first quarter, it didnt look like that occurred. So a little more clarity there?
Theresa E. Wagler:  Certainly, I still expect CapEx to be in that same range for the year, some of the CapEx relates to the carryover Ill just speak that in the second quarter rather than the first quarter and that just has to do with how far along we make the payments when we are completing projects, sometimes  even though the project is completed we extend the payments beyond that.
Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, and at that time, youd also said that, you thought it could be more because that was historically relatively low number reflecting lack of specifically identified growth projects, by saying that you still expect it to be 125 to 150. Is that an indication that you havent identified any additional growth projects that you are definitively going forward with that at this point?
Richard Teets, Jr.:  I would say that we certainly identified potential growth opportunities; we havent press the trigger on any one of them at this moment in time.
Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC: And when would you anticipate having some additional clarity into those?
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well, in the future. I dont need to be quiet, but weve never had a habit to preempt our potential growth opportunities and so we actually want to go forward their approval.
Dave A. Katz  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, Ill wait until the future then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning Mark, Dick, and Theresa, hope you are doing well.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Go on.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wanted to try to get a sense of how  position youve been in the second quarter I mean, we all see that lot of your Flat Roll competitors in the Midwest are dealing with, lack of iron ore and couple of specific mill issues and is Butler going to run full through the second quarter, do you have any maintenance you need to take there? How youve been able to capture some of that share thats going to hanging out there?
Mark D. Millett:  I think the  well, let me take a crack at just go through our platforms and then, and directly or fill in the color. But at Butler, we have a very, very strong order book as weve always said, we tend to maintain lead times to a four-week sort of cycle for the Hot Band and probably six weeks for value add. And we all there today, and as we typically do, next week, we are likely open up the order book backup for June. So hopefully the  we can leverage the uptick in the market to a small degree. And certainly there is tightness and there is a lot of press regarding shortages of iron ore and constraints on the integrated side. But I think beyond that as I said earlier, we still see growth in demand. And I dont think people necessarily recognize how bad the weather has impacted the economy in the country. The flat rolled I think it seems obviously strength the automotive is still very strong, people were a little concerned with the inventory build in January and February. Hey, want cars buried in 3-feet of snow not many consumers are going to buy a car, the auto sales I think we abounded in March to one of the highest sales since 2007 all their effects. And a prediction to continued strength in that arena, manufacturing is seems to be little less at least from our view point. And although the residential indicators for March were a little mixed, we still are confident that is rebounding. And again I am not so sure why people were somewhat disappointed when the numbers came out yesterday its snow here in (indiscernible). So if we werent seeing some through about a week or so its going to take a little bit more time for people to get into the field and offering our thoughts. But we see good order profile coming into Butler HVAC, stubs raised garage door panel business. In Structural that the market I think is very stable, there is been some price appreciation over recent weeks. And I think thats certainly going to be sustained. And again when you link visibility from that the incremental increases in beam demand. And Ill let Chris, fill you in on the joist demand we see non-residential construction suddenly continue to turned up. And then with rail obviously that the railroads major railroads have large expansion plans large capital expenditures outlined for the next few years. And we see that to be a growing and good market for us particularly with the rail, premium rail coming on. Engineered bar they were beneficiary I think at the end of the last year, that we picked up market share as perhaps there are some other supply delivery issues within the industry that come during February and March where certainly seeing real demand growth there. And we are very, very confident that mill is going to be running quite well in the months and quarters ahead. But Dick mentioned Steel of West Virginia they obviously are quite depended on the truck and tractor, trailer business. And that business is anticipated to grow as (indiscernible) runs that place told me yesterday normally the year starts slow for him and ends with a roar. And he say that, that it has already started with the roar. So I think, there is a lot of freight moving and again thats a good signal for an improving economy.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color demand. And just on plant availability and is Butler kind of called up for now or do you have any big outages plan there.
Richard Teets, Jr.:  Yes, I will throw the color in on that because only market everything correctly that from an availability standpoint we did have maintenance outages scheduled there. But we decided to push those off because we cant, we had four day outage plant here, our spring outage that was going to occur here in the second quarter. We decide to push that into third quarter because we can and we had an upgrade outage plan for June in Jeffersonville that for a speed increase and so forth for our Galvalume coating line that weve pushed that into July. So that we have the opportunity to be a bigger player in the marketplace because of some of the curtailments that are going on in the flat-rolled arena, so we could make our products available and some of it is because of issues going on, we have to  were going to step up and help our sister division in Pittsburgh The Techs or as they reach out and gain much of their supply, most of your supply normally from the marketplace, and with the tightening going on in this why we will now supply a bigger portion that we normally would, well do it ourselves from the Butler plant then by taking outages into the next quarter and give the marketplace a chance to recover from some of these issues that its currently seeing itself. And weve already from the other plants, we went through our maintenance outage at Columbia City and every things running well there. And so that is up to snuff. We have small furnace outage going to occur in May in Pittsboro, but their customers wont see that because we have a full of supply and were currently going through a maintenance outage in Roanoke, but when it comes back, again we ship most of the outage inventory there, so customers wont have any issues. And in West Virginia theres new fall. So there are no issues that Steel Dynamics very strong and healthy.
Mark D. Millett:  As I mentioned earlier, we get I think a good visibility into where the construction arena or market fell through. So Chris, would you just fill in.
Chris Graham: Sure, Mark. As you and Theresa have already noted the joists market has continued its steady pattern of growth recently. I think some historical perspective on recent industry trends is important to give some color between 2009 and 2013, typical fourth quarter sales increased in total by approximately 50% typical bookings 2013, 50% higher than 2009. The rate of change increased in 2014, fourth quarter 2014 bookings were 25% higher than fourth quarter 2013. We said thats been a very impactful change for the industry. The trend has continued in the first quarter of 2014, industry bookings were up over 7% year-over-year. As far as short-term indicators going forward, our current code activity remains at or above the levels that have supported that recent increase in demand. And our longer-term indicators like the ABI and the like, are still positive. Thats about as good as our crystal ball gets as far as the industry goes. I would say as far as new Millennium goes, the crystal ball is clear, were very excited with the direction the industry is having, given the retooling weve undergone over the last five years, and the expansion in the capacity in new markets. We have opportunities to do exciting things this year and beyond.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Thanks Chris.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  And just to clarify did you say that first quarter 2014 with 25% higher than the backlog in the first quarter of 2013 is that right.
Mark D. Millett: I was speaking to industry bookings just in general I apologize if I wasnt clear. Fourth quarter of 2013 was 25, Im sorry, the fourth quarter 2013 was 50% higher than fourth quarter 2009.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Gotcha, okay. Great, well thanks for all the color guys. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Littlewood with Credit Suisse. Please precede with your question.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Good morning, guys, and thanks for the opportunity. I just had a couple more questions on this whole market share opportunity. We noticed that your days in inventory has increased from a two-year average of about 65 up to 73. So clearly, you were producing a little bit more during the quarter than what you were able to push into the end markets. And it sounds like that is largely transport-related. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the composition of that inventory, in terms of where it is, what type of product it is. Is there anything unusual about the split of that material? 
Theresa E. Wagler:  I will take that Nathan, this is Theresa. The inventory finished goods were increased specifically at the Flat Roll Division and the Structural and Rail division and it was specifically related to not been able to get transport out from the mills to the customers. So its already basically sold its just need to be transported. So I can but I will breakdown the specifics about the individual products that rail was related to Flat Roll and Structural.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Got it, okay. And with the Butler operation specifically, just to confirm your earlier comments, that thing is basically running flat out at the moment? Is that correct? There's no opportunity to increase utilization? 
Mark D. Millett: Thats correct.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. And when you look at the sales for Butler, can you tell us what the split is there, in terms of contract versus spot tonnage? 
Mark D. Millett: Well, none of our business is contracts from the standpoint of any fixed price. We have some arrangements for the on a cost plus basis. But I would say its on, its not a whole bunch  definition, its probably 15% or there about.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. So I am just wondering, will we see a pretty direct transfer of the recent increases in spot prices created by CIU or [Plattes] (ph) or whoever? Are we going to see that pretty much fully reflected in June quarter average selling prices, do you think? 
Mark D. Millett: I would suggest you will.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes, okay. Finally, there is obviously a lot of weather disruption right across the entire business during the March quarter. I'm just wondering, are any of those events and impacts that you felt, is any of it insurable? Or could we potentially see a recovery, at some point, of some of these disruptions? 
Theresa E. Wagler: The only part of thats insurable with very, very small part and thats relate to the damage to the building because its snow accumulation and it is a de minimis amount.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Got, it. Okay.
Mark D. Millett: As you translate the weather impact, as Theresa outlined, yes we had some inventory builds and so the Structural mill and sheet mill, will makeup some of those shipments. Or get some of that inventory out, so thats recoverable, but much of the  much the impact to us anyway was on the cost side. Natural gas and power, and obviously thats not recoverable. So as you look forward if you look at our first quarter, second quarter is two plus two equals four and you think that now first quarter is one and you are going to get three in Q2, thats not going to be the case.
Mark D. Millett: And I think for the record both natural gas and electrical power either by contract or by hedging, we have positions taken, but no one expected the duration of these experiences to last and then at every mill we had the power company step in and exercise interruptions that were part of the agreements we have had. Where we had no ability to even by through where we were offered by through opportunities, the price was so expensive it would have been even worse than the losses incurred by not producing on those days. And so decisions had to made. And I can remember one day when there was a natural gas pipeline explosion in May and October the following day there was a natural gas curtailment here in Indiana at some of our  were only the amount of natural gas that we had pre-elected, we were allowed to use in that curtail of our production in any of the facilities where we had not pre-elected sufficient. And again what under no other circumstances in history of the company had we had to pre-elect sufficient, because we didnt know what you ever we are going to be producing. So these are  just like the 100-year flood. We had not anticipated a natural event like this.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Understood, understood. And some of your competitors have been willing to discussing some detail sort of the actual prices they have been paying for electricity and gases. Is that something you would be willing to talk about, so we can maybe have to go kind of reversing it out as we look forward into the rest of the year?
Mark D. Millett: Well, market prices are I think publicly available. That in the natural gas line decatherm at one point in places. For you to back calculate or try and guess is it  its incredibly difficult because on the power side we got many different contracts, Lumber city tends to be a market price. Butler is pretty well on a fixed-price. Incorruptibility hours which is difficult to quantify and same thing on the natural gas side.
Nathan D. Littlewood  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, I appreciate your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Jarmoszuk with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with our question.
Nick Jarmoszuk  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for taking the question. First one is on the segment of cash flows. Could you give us a little details to the sources of cash coming from other investing activities?
Theresa E. Wagler: We had a sale leaseback arrangement with another company and they elected to buyback that property and so that basically was $27 million and thats really into the cash flow.
Nick Jarmoszuk  RBC Capital Markets: And than in 1Q 2013?
Theresa E. Wagler: In 1Q 2013 the amount was $34 million and that was simply associated with we had some investments that were not  they were not categorized as cash, even though they were short-term and so that was just bringing those investments back into a cash profile, so they had to run through the cash flow statements.
Nick Jarmoszuk  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the energy and natural gas question. Would you be able to give us a sense as to what the year-over-year increase in energy and natural gas costs were in 1Q 2014 versus 1Q 2013?
Mark D. Millett:  I dont have that in my finger tips here.
Theresa E. Wagler: I cant answer that question; I dont have that in front of me. It was meaningful, we tended to look at it as first quarter costs, how much higher they were than the fourth quarter costs, and you kind of look more on a sequential basis than quarters. And it was definitely in the tens of millions of dollars impact.
Nick Jarmoszuk  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Mark, can I make a clarification for the next question.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, go ahead.
Richard Teets, Jr.: I was talking 2013 and 2014; I apologize if I confused everyone. The one caller about joist bookings, I just like to restate, between 2009 and 2013, typical fourth quarter sales increased by approximately 50%, after that increase came between fourth quarter 2012 and fourth quarter 2013 alone. The first quarter of 2014 7% over first quarter of 2013. Thanks for letting me clarify that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC: Two questions. First of all, Pittsboro, as you ramp up here, do you think  whats the portion of the ramp-up that is market share gain? And what is the portion of it that was actually just growth in the market? And versus your original expectations, do think the ramp-up time will be as quick as you hoped?
Mark D. Millett: Are you talking rail?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, Pittsboro.
Mark D. Millett: Pittsboro.
Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC: It's Pittsboro, SBQ.
Mark D. Millett: I guess weve  based on our thoughts and investments premise in that  much of that 325,000 tons is going to come from the market share.
Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC: Go ahead.
Mark D. Millett: And I think if you look at that market, and its  the expansion is focused on three and five-eighths of (indiscernible). Thats about 50% of the SBQ engineered market, which is typically 8 to 10 million tons. So we are looking to get 325,000 tons of a  essentially a 4.5 million ton market which we dont believe is too bigger bite of the apple, particularly when we have the following that we  the team in Pittsboro has been able to get the very, very high quality product. They are focused on the high end of the market; the engineered bar as opposed to SBQ where delivery, quality is absolutely imperative. A lot of that work is  the material, as it goes through an approval certification process for two or three years. And so I think with that following the 225,000 tons of the market is not to
Richard Teets, Jr.: Yes I think Brett, what you had to think about is when we start to considering the project two is actually back prior to the drop off in the market place okay. And so even when Mark talks about the size of a market its not in a recession, its prior to recession. And so therefore its part of the growth but as Mark is pointing out right now I mean we have had products that have been PPAP-ed. I mean again through the automotive process and other customers. We engineered this whole design of the mill to allow us to continue to make those products smaller sizes for our PPAP-ed customers the delivery of those why were commissioning the mill on a non- PPAP-ed, non critical products we are commissioning the mill on those products now. And then we are also now making going to begin making those products that will be submitted to the same customers for their qualification process to become PPAP-ed and then when they go through that process and get qualified then will begin the transition to allow us that take out of the choice in the flexibility of being run on either the 16 inch mill or the 14 inch mill, which ever we desire. So is it part of the rebound into the full size market that we originally contemplated when we talk about the market or are we taking some of the original its really what you considering it, its the full size market. And we are trying to get a small piece of it the 8% of the small bar market. But its the market was smaller than that in the depth of the recession. And so yes is part of the recovery but we are taking market out of the recovery. But is also from somebody else.
Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC: Got it. Okay. And thank you for a very specific and detailed answer. I have one more question. As you guys look at some of these growth opportunities, are you looking more towards building or buying?
Mark D. Millett:  I think as we look at growth and obviously I think we are well positioned to do so. If you look at our balance sheet and our liquidity, our cash flow were in great shape. And we are committed to growth yes we did increase our dividend in the first quarter, I wouldnt want anyone to think that will change in the philosophy of the company as a whole, we are being very specific, and very intentional as to where we grow. We certainly want to not just grow with the size where we want to improve that the quality of our margin. And also perhaps mitigate or soften a little bit of the locality of our business. So we are going to and are evaluating organic growth opportunities within the company or we see some there. I think we are focused on downstream opportunities our teams are very, very confident that in coating and painting arena. We feel this opportunity in rail, this considerable expansion in that arena if you look at the CapEx spending of the major railroads that the anticipation is that market is going to grow with a 1.5 million may be 1.6 million tons of rails for year, as a market is typically been in the 800,000 to 1.2 million tons a year. So we are looking at possibilities there. I think our preference would be not to add capacity to the marketplace. And I do believe that there will be opportunities over the next 12 months to 18 months, where companies are reevaluating their sort of portfolios and seeing what  which businesses accord to their particular  their vision. And those opportunities I think will come to market. And we are in a great position to assess them as they do.
Brett M. Levy  Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Yu with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Great. Thanks and good morning. I think Dick, you mentioned earlier, with Techs, that you were going to ship some material substrate from Butler over there to displace, I believe, Monde Valley has been the more or less exclusive supplier? Can you elaborate on why the supply there is coming down? Because I didn't think Monde Valley was part of some of the disruptions we have heard. And how many tons are you going to ship from Butler? Is there a meaningful margin impact?
Mark D. Millett:  No, I didnt mean to imply that they are having any problems at Mon Valley. Mon Valley supplies about half of the tons that we consume at The Techs and rest of it is out in the open market. And needless to say Sparrows point was the major  the second major supplier to The Techs once Sparrows point was around. And ever since the demise of Sparrows point The Techs have had go shopping further away and its only because of that that the shipping costs have been become more of an acceptable condition with Butler. And we have other good suppliers, Im not saying we dont, but with the impact of the general flat rolled market, everyone is reconsidering and when there is tightness in the flat roll market all customers whoever is having difficulties go shopping to their other suppliers asking for more tons. And therefore, then there is more pricing pressure on all of the suppliers and The Techs have a harder time, price-wise, with all those other suppliers. And therefore that makes our shipping rate even lesser than issue. So thats what I was trying to imply. It had nothing to do with the Mon Valley capability. They are standup guys and they have always  weve been a great partner with them there. So I didnt mean to imply anything whatsoever with US Steel Mon Valley. I'm sorry. 
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Mark D. Millett: But I think the other issue, or consideration, is that the Dick's team in Butler has done an absolute phenomenal job over the last two or three years and the capacity of that mill is growing from 2.4 million tons up to in excess of 3 million tons. A lot of that was  that expansion was going to be assorted Hot Band, because of the limitation on the coal reversing mill to convert it to cold-rolled and downstream.
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Mark D. Millett: And consistent with the  consistent with the innovative sprit, the guys of just recently, two, three months ago.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: Came up with a way of dramatically increasing the throughput for the cold-reversing mill, so that allow us to convert some of the Hot Band to cold-rolled substrates that can be shipped to The Techs. So its given Butler greater flexibility they ship material to The Techs or they shipping into the open market, and it is an opportunity, in all honesty, for margin expansion not margin contraction.
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay. Second question, scrap markets, you mentioned earlier, in Q1, export scrap demand was weak. We saw some supply disruptions. Can you talk about what is happening now, in terms of the book, those elements, export, demand scrap supply, shredder capacity. Is it getting better, as we look out into the second quarter?
Russell B. Rinn: Hi, this is Russ, I think on the export side we have not seen a big market difference and where we are in the first quarter. Its still somewhat muted. There have been some additional cargos of the coast. But it is not near the levels that it has been in past years at least at this point in time who is to say what will happen with the disruptions in the Russian market if that has any impact availability of either billets or scrap. But I think the export market is still lagging where it has been years past. So I think from that standpoint I dont see that having a dramatic impact in the short-term.
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And then the supply side?
Russell B. Rinn: And so there is plenty of scrap available and unfortunately lot of has been buried into snow in this part of the world for the last three months. But as the weather warms up and  the scrap is out there its available particularly in the prime side where you see the automotive is really growing are continue to be robust. So that prime scrap has continue to flow the obsoletes, that is the stuff that has to go be collected in the fields has been and so little bit of a slower grade. But I think that will come back as weather or rise again but there plenty of obsoletes scrap in the U.S. it just a matter of, a function of whether its available or what its availability as the weather or what the prices that will attracted to the market place.
Brian Hsien Yu  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Murphy with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Murphy  UBS Securities:  Good morning. I saw the number of steel-makers had been down in Washington. I think Dick went for you guys. And I'm just wondering if you can provide any color on the reception you got there? And what your next concern is? Is it infrastructure funding? Or how concerned are you about the potential for imports, given we've got prices rallying here in the US?
Mark D. Millett:  Well, I would say that the I think from the Steel Caucus from the house was a very reception. But you would expect from the Steel Caucus Group because they are at least tuned in, to our play its matter of expanding that warm reception to those who dont necessarily have steel producers in their home districts. But talking to others as congressmen took me around and gave me some introductions, I think it was at least pleasant visit that I had the opportunity to participate. Again I think the best word that we got from trade groups and so forth, I mean that the secretary was that it was preliminary rulings, that they were still gathering information. We didnt really understand why that the rulings where, that they where when they were, it seem to be unfavorable ruling and they justify with the fact that they had not had enough information was  that you would have ruled the other direction giving a more favorable preliminary ruling. And still gathered the information and send other signals. But in order what it is. So everyone still anticipating the final decrease it come out. And so I think there is still opportunities and reasons to be optimistic about both all country tubular goods as well as rebar. So and then there are other products out there, that we have to be vigilant about cold galvanized products, painted products, like gauge particular. And so others interesting times, that we still need to be participating with products.
Mark D. Millett: I think on general take is that, imports will continue to be a bit of ahead wind, once the domestic global spread gets up to that a $25, $150 a tons they start getting, attractive or some interest, but I think as the first couple of months of the year indicative of the level thats going to be sustained the whole year or is it going to be a similar year to 2013, where we seem to get a couple of spikes each year and it just so happens the first spike was at the very beginning. And I guess I would suggest that at least historically and obviously that is been global over capacity for long-time and trade imports unfairly traded imports. Been there for years. Is not a new phenomenon and if you look typically 13, 12 imports are round about $29 million, $30 million tons which seems to be a normalized level, they tend as a percentage of sort a current consumption. Its in the 20 year-on-year row, its about 21, 22 maybe 23% and I dont see why there is anything to drive sort of a major dislocation in 2014.
Matt Murphy  UBS Securities: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call.
Mark D. Millett: Good morning, Phil.
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Had a question on just the SBQ volume ramp for Dick. Any way we should be thinking about that, as we move through this year, as to what your expectations are on the new rolling mill?
Richard Teets, Jr.: I actually would tell you now that, this year thats again this is going to be small tons, because we are really working on a high quality as I said it starts with the 200,000 tons and by the end of the year, really honestly believe it gets up to about 16,000 tons at the end of the year per month. And thats not a big a number of tons and so, most of it is going to be around the lower end of the quality spectrum, because there is still going to be trials the sizing mill was going to becoming into play here until the end of this month, being end of June and again we are going to be experimenting with that we are going to be going through the keep act process of sending those products to customers, we wont get approval on that early even just of this year. And so because thats a very demanding process and so I wont be thinking about major margins on those products, but I think for us its a really a 2015 excitement and then big investment for us
Unidentified Company Representative: The margin change is not going to be there. On a volume basis, if you look at the mill, youre going to have growth in the market because last year was a tough time for SBQ and engineered bar. Plus youve got the additional smaller-diameter, so overall volumes I think quite likely could be up dramatically.
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, and if I could just squeeze another one here for Theresa. The corporate eliminations, they were high in the fourth quarter. I think we talked about that on the last call. This quarter, they were low. Some of that probably due to the sequential change in the profitability. But just wondering, how we should be thinking about that? Because it has moved around aggressively the last two quarters. Thanks.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly, yes the fourth quarter still had some additional cost associate with year-end adjustments related to bonuses et cetera. And so and there was also additional expenses related to an RSU program. And so going forward youre probably going to see a  and more inline with what youve seen in the first quarter and I wouldnt expect dramatic changes from that.
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lange with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lange  Morningstar Research Ltd.: Hi, good morning. Just one quick one for me. With regard to nonferrous metal recycling, it looks like nonferrous shipments, as a percentage of total scrap shipments, was higher in the first quarter, than it has ever been before, at a little over 16%. And also, you shipped more nonferrous volume internally in the first quarter than in any full year previously. Could you provide some color as to what drove these results? And are these elevated nonferrous shipment volume levels sustainable going forward?
Russell Rinn: Andrew, this is Russ. The big impact of the nonferrous shipments level is the ramp up and the ramp up of our joint venture SDI/Lefarger copper mill. The bulk of that increase is coming from those shipments as weve finally begin to ramp up and produce on a more elevated basis with that joint venture. So I think, yes, the answer is the nonferrous those numbers would sustainable going forward. Again part of the percentage difference also Id say on the  versus the ferrous, its also due to the fact that ferrous shipment hold ups and the transportation issues slow down some of what we likely could have gotten up on the ferrous side, not a huge impact, but it has some impact on ferrous shipments.
Andrew Lange  Morningstar Research Ltd.: Okay, and as that JV ramps up, do you expect those figures to even to increase from here? For internal shipments?
Russell Rinn: We are planning on.
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Andrew Lange  Morningstar Research Ltd.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lipschitz with CLSA. Please proceed with your question.
David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC: 
 :
Theresa E. Wagler:  Good morning.
David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC:  I guess two quickies. First one, and you haven't answered the whole energy question. Can you tell us in an earnings perspective, what do you think, just in general, all the weather cost you? Would it have been $0.05, $0.10, $0.15? What sort of, if you felt like your normal  where prices were and all that type of stuff, what you think the EPS impact would have been?
Theresa E. Wagler: David, this is Theresa. Just from the perspective of the fact that they are definitely estimates, we made the decision that we dont want to disclose that information. It is the majority of the drivers, so if you look at our consolidated operating income and it decreased by I believe $25 million or $27 million. It was a major, major part of that, and I think steel operations specifically decreased $47 million and it was well more than half of that number.
David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then my second one is back on the imports. You talked about the percentage historically. But if you look at the numbers already, through the licenses, and you look at what it is through the first part of April, you are running at an import level thats pretty much  or close to what you saw in 2006, which was the highest sort of level ever of imports. How do you feel when everything starts to get back online? The spread has continued to widen, the US versus the world price? How do you, when US Steel and AK and all them come back online, or  how does that impact the market, with all the imports coming?
Mark D. Millett: Again its  I think is a question of spread between domestic and foreign pricing. And markets  commodity markets have a wonderful way of balancing themselves out. The domestic price goes up, because of either demand or supply side pressure. Next the import is attractive, they come in and as we saw in February this year, the domestic market turns over a little bit. And as I said if you look at 2012 and you look at 2013, we had two very, very, very similar spikes, and they lasted a couple of months. So the question is, is the February, March, is that a similar trend, and so we are going to get a spike, things turn over little bit, and they go away and we get another one later in the year or is it a prolonged, protracted issue? I dont know who has got the clear crystal ball, but I would suggest that we are comfortable that its not a 2006 crisis, its just an ongoing 2012, 2013 type trend.
David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thanks.
Mark D. Millett: And, again, I think and plus we are more optimistic than most, but we see demand growth. From our aspect  from our viewpoint, we truly see construction is coming back both on the non-res and the residential side of things, and thats going to continue to drive our market.
David A. Lipschitz  CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Luke McFarlane with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question
Luke McFarlane  Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Im not sure you mentioned it. But I was just wondering if the railcar issue that youve been talking about for your shipment delivery has actually resolved itself?
Mark D. Millett: Sorry, what?
Theresa Wagler: Has the railcar issue resolved itself?
Mark D. Millett: Its beginning to  it, again, there is still some backup in some areas, but I think by and large, I would characterize that it has started to alleviate itself, and we are starting to see those backup cars moving and delivered and much less interruptions or unavailability of cars for either shipment or from the mills or from the scrap yards.
Luke McFarlane  Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, cool, and whereabouts are the areas that are still backed up?
Mark D. Millett: Again, dont have visibility across all nations. But I know Dave up in Minnesota is still struggling with cars going back and forth through the range.
Richard Teets, Jr.: I had a meeting out in Colorado with just about all the major railroads, a different railroad function and they said they were in general about 85% caught up with their own, within their own systems. And they thought it would still take a few months to a clean their system out. And that they actually had resorted in some cases to a moving things by truck to help their own systems. I said, so you are the cause of my truck shortages. So had a chuckle with that.
Luke McFarlane  Macquarie Capital, Inc.:  There you go. And then just lastly, with the natural gas exposure you've got, have you ever thought about hedging any of that? Or is that something you might consider in the future?
Theresa E. Wagler:  We actually do has a portion of that at each of our steel divisions and most of the divisions were hedged to a certain point some of them were exposed and thats where additional cost came to there.
Luke McFarlane  Macquarie Capital, Inc.:  Got it, thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from the line of Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs. Please precede with your question.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Couple of things. You mentioned that, if I'm not mistaken, that you're opening the June book next week?
Mark D. Millett:  (indiscernible).
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Is it yes?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. How does it look in terms of seeing some tightness? You think it is going to be filled up very quickly? Is that your expectations?
Richard Teets, Jr.: We won't know until we open it up, but when we close the book, they were floating at a phenomenal rate. And I guess as we see, our sales folks and commercial folks talk to people out there. Theyre warning us to open the orders up. Couple of people may have even suggest that what we were delaying to try and take advantage of the market. But actually its not the case it just typical fourth week of the month. We open up the book for the following month, thats how weve always done. There seems to be a strong appetite.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: When was May filled out, by the way?
Theresa E. Wagler:  I think it was May filled.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: When did you close May?
Theresa E. Wagler: When do we close may?
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well, it depends on what product you are talking about. Because we still have a little bit of opening in our light gauge galvanized and so forth. But from hot-band and so forth its we are full.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, the other thing on rail, Dick, congratulations that you pre-shipped your first premium grade. Been waiting for it for a long time. I was just wondering, like in SBQ, there are many grades and shades. Is there  are there many grades and shades of the premium rail also? Or is this a  are you at the top of the line, where you want to be? And also, what are your expectations in terms of qualification? How long does it take, generally, to have the qualification done on premium grades?
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well, each grades of the railroad has a either their own or they differ to the AREMA specification for premium rail. And we have made product repeatedly that meets the AREMA specification. And then when the railroads have qualifications that are above it, we shoot for the highest one, the ones at that have chemistries that our modifications from the AREMA, not just physical meaning hardness once that are different. Those are ones that we have not been pursuing because then if you miss it. You have a chemist a grade thats unique and then its a hard to downgrade it. and so we have not pursued those. but the ones that are basically a heat treatment modification, those are ones that were after and we will be sending samples to them for their analysis. but were very confident that those will be falling in line. so weve already, like you said, made a shipment to the first Class One railroad and expecting feedback from them. They had their samples and theyve been satisfied with the samples and thats why they agreed to take a shipment of welded rail head-hardened product.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And thats you have given us in the past that the size of this market, rail market is generally between 900,000 to 1.1 million tonnes, but a steady market. I was wondering how much is the hardened rail in there?
Mark D. Millett: Its a grown and continues to grow. and so I would tell you right now is probably 60% of the market used to be the other way around that used to be between 25% and 40% of the market. And now its basically flip-flop, because of the economics over there, the price of it has come down relative to the standard rail products. and therefore, people are taking advantage of the lower differential in pricing and then putting it into the  into applications where before they found standard rail acceptable. so theyre using it for reducing the maintenance cost in those arenas.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And my assumption is that, you can also start the longer length rails in hardened equipment is able to do that?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. and thats what weve shipped, that was a lot was shipment of long rail product.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. thank you very much.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you. Youre welcome. 
Operator:  Thank you. our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Hi, guys, I think sort of a follow-up, Ill keep it brief, I know you have other things to do today. But just quickly Theresa, what should we be using for a tax rate with the new tax roll in Indiana?
Theresa Wagler: I think absent the adjustment that we saw in the first quarter is, youll probably be looking forward at around a 38%. 
Evan L. Kurtz  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 38%, okay, great. thanks, guys.
Mark D. Millett: Okay.
Operator:  Thank you. our next question is from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, just a last one here from me, any of you on scrap into May, any early read that you can provide there as to what you see? Thanks.
Mark D. Millett: Phil, I think the trend is I think our folks look at it and see it is on the upswing at least in the short run, again, whether that is more than that is a furlong up direction, its way too early to tell, but I think at least as we look into May, we think the trend is going to be upwards. 
Philip N. Gibbs  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks. 
Mark D. Millett: Before I do that, Dick had just one follow up comment.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Yes, I guess I just wanted to make a clarification, earlier when I was talking about a question, answering a question on the number two mill. the 14-inch mill, Pittsboro when I was talking about the tonnages. It was specifically directed towards the tonnages coming from the number two mill. and I said about ramping from 2,000 tonnes, up to about 16,000. when you consider, this is still April when you look at the tonnes in aggregate that becomes about 70,000, 75,000 tonnes plus or minus in the year. So those are still some significant tonnes, still tonnes downplay the expected margin impacts on it. But Pittsboro as a whole, as we have to remember when you think about year-over-year, last year, we were not running the melt shop, because of softness in the market during the daylight hours because we didnt have the order book, the backlog wasnt there, we are running flat out now. So from the whole plant perspective, we are doing  we are going to have couple hundred thousand tons of greater production in shipment. So I wasnt  I want to make sure everyone understood how excited, the whole steel platform is about the improvement in the market, the production and everything. I was specifically addressing, I thought the question after I handed the answer almost sound like a downer about Pittsboro. No I was only being very specific about the number two mill and I didnt want to raise the expectations of a major participation of that mill on the impact of that financial performance so that was my clarification.
Mark D. Millett: Super, thanks Dick. Well, I guess just in closing, with the polar vortex behind us where we continue to maintain a positive view moving through 2014 into 2015. As I said earlier the residential and non-residential markets from our perspective are recovering and will allow us to start fully  averaging the $1.7 million tons of kind of latent capacity that weve been unable to use in the past. And as that additional demand does return obviously utilization rates will increase across the nations, but should allow margin expansion to occur also. We mentioned the premium rail and the SBQ expansions, we are incredibly excited about that and look forward to them contributing. We are in great financial shape. We do have the ability to grow. Weve got great customers, and most importantly we have a phenomenal team with a passion to deliver. So on behalf of the whole team almost 6,800 of us now Id like to thank you for your time this morning and your support to our company. A special thanks to all of our customers. Our team will continue to strive to create value for you. And as I said most importantly to each employee, thank you for your commitment, you passion, and remember to be always safe, always. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our call today. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen - Director of Investor Relations Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Chris Graham - Vice President and President of New Millennium Building Systems Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation 
Analysts: David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc. Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nicholas Richard Jones - Royal Bank of Canada Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC Philip Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Financial Results Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, January 28, 2014, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have the company's operating platform leaders, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, Vice President, Steel Dynamics and President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, January 28, 2014, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Marlene. Good morning, everyone, and happy new year. Hopefully everyone is all warmer than we are. We're suffering a little Arctic freeze today. But thanks for joining us on today's call. We value your time and look forward to sharing our view of the steel industry and some of the opportunities that lay ahead for SDI. But to begin, I'll turn the call over to Theresa for brief comments regarding our recent financial results.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Happy new year. For the full year of 2013, we reported net income of $189 million or $0.83 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $164 million or $0.73 per diluted share for the full year of 2012. Last year benefited from our 2012 and early 2013 refinancing activities and debt reduction. This resulted in decreased annual interest expense of $31 million. As a result, our pretax earnings improved 29% for 2013. However, metal margins remained a challenge in the year as average product pricing decreased to a greater extent than raw material prices. So despite record steel volumes, 2013 consolidated net sales of $7.4 billion and operating income of $387 million were very similar to full year results for 2012. For 2013, operating income from our steel operations, they improved slightly on record volumes. Excluding the impact of noncash unrealized hedging activities, our metals recycling operations also had very similar operating results. They recorded $68 million on an adjusted basis for 2013 compared to adjusted 2012 results of $69 million, only a $1 million difference. Our fabrication operations continue to provide positive signs of continued growth in the non-res construction market. 2013 shipments of 360,000 tons represent a 24% improvement over 2012. Operating income for 2013 was $7 million. This is more than 3x the results for 2012. Pretax income of 1 -- excuse me, pretax income of $827,000 for 2013 represents the first full year of profitability since the 2008 economic downturn. Changing to fourth quarter results. For 2013, we had net income of $55 million or $0.24 per diluted share. This was at the upper range of our earnings guidance of between $0.21 and $0.25. For comparison purposes, 2012 results did include certain items. They're related to refinancing efforts, noncash impairment charges and beneficial tax adjustments. Without these items, fourth quarter 2012 earnings per diluted share would have been $0.20. For the fourth quarter of 2013, net sales of $1.9 billion were down slightly from third quarter results, and compared to the consolidated operating income, decreased by $5 million. This decline was a result of an increase in our noncash equity-based compensation expense of $4.5 million or $0.01 per diluted share. The additional costs were primarily related to our company-wide restricted stock unit benefit plan. For steel operations, lower shipments in the fourth quarter were expected due to typical seasonal declines in scheduled maintenance. The lower volume was offset by improved sheet steel metal margins, resulting in increased operating income from our steel operations of $6 million. Overall, steel metal margins increased in the fourth quarter as our average quarterly steel price per ton shipped increased $11, which was more than the $7 increase in our scrap cost. Overall operating income per ton shipped for steel operations increased from $96 in the third quarter of this year to $103 in the fourth quarter, a 7% increase. For our metals recycling operations, operating income remained relatively flat when compared to the third quarter at $12 million. A 15% increase in ferrous metal margins was more than offset by decreased ferrous and nonferrous volumes and lower nonferrous metal margins. Our fourth quarter and annual effective tax rate was 37.8%. Comparatively, our effective tax rate in 2012 was 30.3%. 2012's lower rate was the result of certain favorable adjustments in our reserves for unrecognized tax benefits. For those of you looking for estimates for 2014, our current expectations will be that the effective rate is very similar to that for 2013, so I would suggest around 38%. Our average diluted shares increased almost 1.5 million shares for the fourth quarter. This was the result of increased levels of incentive stock option exercises that remained available from our old ISO benefit plan. We currently still have 3.3 million shares outstanding in those plans. At December 31, there were 222.9 million shares of common stock outstanding and 16.8 million shares underlying in our convertible notes. Switching to cash flow. Cash flow generation during the year remained very strong. Cash flows from operations provided $312 million of funding during 2013. For the year, working capital changes required about $116 million, and a lot of that was required in the fourth quarter that was related to inventory, specifically, scrap inventory at both our steel mills and our Mills Recycling locations as we -- as scrap increased in value and volume to take a positive position for increases in January -- price increases in January. Our annual 2013 capital investments totaled $187 million. This is somewhat less than originally estimated. So there will be approximately $30 million of carryover from the fourth quarter into the first quarter of 2014 for spending, and that's related specifically to our expansion projects, at both the Structural and Rail division and the SBQ division. Over 40% of our 2013 investments were for the construction of those 2 projects. We currently estimate 2014 capital investments to be in the range of $125 million to $150 million. In spite of 2013 capital allocations for investments, for debt reduction of $94 million and for dividend payments to shareholders of $95 million, our total cash increased $19 million during the year, and we ended with -- we ended the year with $395 million of cash. We also have the full benefit of our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility. Combined, this provides $1.5 billion of available funds. Strong cash flow generation is consistent testament to our low-cost, highly variable cost structure and diverse value-added product portfolio. We're pleased with the execution of our refinancing initiatives. They've positioned us very well. During the past 18 months, we've created greater long-term strength and sustainability in our capital structure through debt reduction of approximately $275 million, the extension of our debt maturity profile and the meaningful reduction in interest burden. Our credit metrics remain strong and well within any covenant requirements. Total debt is $2.1 billion with minimal secured borrowings. Our net debt was $1.7 billion, and our net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA was 2.6x at the end of the year, which is below our preferred 3 cycle maximum of 3x. Current maturities of long-term debt were $342 million at December 31, primarily comprised of our convertible notes, which mature in June of 2014. The current conversion price is $17.14. We're very comfortable with the timing of the maturity, and we believe we have many options available to us, including partial or forward payment with available cash if the notes remained unconverted along with various refinancing alternatives. The strength of our balance sheet is derived from our low-cost, highly variable operating platforms, which provide robust recycle cash flow generation. To conclude, I know there's many of you that track our Flat Roll shipments by product type. So I'll now provide the fourth quarter shipment volume. For hot roll coil, we shipped 304,000 tons. For our pickled and oiled, we shipped 114,000 tons; cold-rolled, 27,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized, 102,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized, 49,000 tons; painted, 112,000 tons; Galvalume, 18,000 tons; and then we did process over 13,000 tons in our new straightening line as well. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. Well, I will begin with safety. It's the highest priority for me, the management team and hopefully each of our employees. And simply stated, yet not so easily achieved perhaps, is our goal is for all SDI employees to work each day accident-free, and we continue to make progress toward that goal. Roughly 91 of our 126 locations were accident-free during the fourth quarter. My personal thank you to each of our employees for their efforts to work safely each day. Our performance continues to be better than industry averages, and our performance continues to improve. But we can certainly do better. As I said, our goal is simple, 0 incidents. With continued focus, I look forward to more improvement in 2014. Directing our focus to the broader economy, things in the U.S. continue to improve, albeit not as quickly as we would like and not without caution as recent concerns about China's economy and global central bank's stimulus has certainly led to considerable volatility in the financial markets of late. It's interesting, the recent market correction seemingly is totally independent of what we see on our SDI radar screen. That being said, consumer confidence in the U.S. economy and labor market did show signs of improvement after news of the passage of the U.S. budget bill was released. Third quarter real GDP increased at a rate of 4.1%, meaningfully higher than the original estimate of 2.8%. Growth of about 3% is projected for the U.S. in 2014, with more strength in the second half of the year. However, the rate of growth needs to be stronger to support sustainable economic momentum. Positively, I believe there's more optimism regarding the non-service sector portion of GDP. It has the potential to grow at a higher rate, especially over the next 5 years, driven by strength in asset values, domestic energy investment and the need for increased infrastructure spending. Among these or among others, these factors include heavy steel consuming industries, such as automotive which is currently forecast to produce 16.5 million units in North America this year and perhaps reaching over 17.5 million units by 2016. It's anticipated to remain strong. Energy, perhaps the brightest spot overall, impacts the steel industry as a buyer of pipe and tube and other related steel products. It will also require major infrastructure investment for collection and distribution of natural gas. Construction continues to lag the recovery. However, we believe residential construction will continue its gradual recovery based on pent-up demand for new home construction. We also believe nonresidential construction demand is gaining momentum. It's forecast to grow over 7% this year, albeit from a lower base, but we are most encouraged by our fabrication customers. They are placing orders and are also seeing growth this year. We will be the beneficiaries of these economic growth opportunities. As nonresidential construction improves, all our operating platforms will benefit. Based on actual production June, 2013, we at SDI had over 1.1 million tons of steel capacity that was not utilized due to market conditions. Significant portion of this is impacted by the current construction markets. Also, as domestic steel mill utilization improves, demand for ferrous scrap will follow, bringing benefit to our metals recycling operations. Similarly, we have over 150,000 tons of excess fabrication capacity tied directly to construction. So overall, I believe we have significant leverage to a recovering construction sector. In steel, we achieved several operational records in our steel operations during 2013, including record overall shipments of 6.1 million tons, easily surpassing 2011's 5.8 million tons. The Flat Roll division reached record production and shipping levels, producing a phenomenal 3 million tons and shipping 2.9 million tons. We believe this level of annual production sets a record for all North American electric-arc-furnace steel mills. I commend the team for their passion for continued improvements. The Structural and Rail division also had record annual shipments of 1.2 million tons, just slightly higher than the previous record in 2007, which was established in the top of the construction markets. While we did see a 12% increase in annual beam shipments, Rail was the differentiator, contributing 206,000 tons or over 17% of 2013 volumes. We're already seeing a meaningful benefit from our strategy to diversify the product offerings of the steel mill, away from the structure related steel to a product that is less cyclical such as rail. As expected, overall fourth quarter steel shipments declined from third quarter levels due to seasonality and scheduled maintenance. However, based on improved steel metal margins from our sheet operations, we still had modest improvement in operating income for the quarter. Based on improved end markets, long product steel shipments were higher than a year ago, although they declined sequentially due to seasonal impact on demand. Collectively, sequential earnings also decreased, but structural steel product pricing, although it appreciated a little, didn't keep pace with the raw material price increases. However, despite slightly lower shipments from our Engineered Bar division in the fourth quarter, profitability modestly increased. Our engineered bar customers report that they are gaining confidence in growth, and we are seeing increased stable demand. Our ability to reliably produce a high-quality product with consistent on-time delivery is translated into real customer confidence in our performance and allows them to place orders with relatively short lead times. The addition of new automotive and over-the-road truck customers has aided the order book along with typical future demand. The strengthening in the SBQ market is good news as we approach full start up of our 325,000-ton production expansion. We have commenced commissioning of the new rolling mill addition, which will produce smaller diameter, round engineered bars, and we expect shipments before the end of the first quarter. This project will make us the largest single site supplier of engineered and SBQ bars in North America with an annual production capacity of 950,000 tons. We are well positioned to take advantage of our unparalleled customer service and quality reputation there. The team was voted the top overall SBQ supplier in 2013 as determined by Jacobson & Associates Steel Satisfaction Survey. Our order book is strong, and we are fully prepared for this increased market opportunity. Additionally, the premium rail expansion is also proceeding incredibly well. We successfully produced our first head-hardened rail for testing at the end of November, well ahead of our earlier expectations. During December and to date in January, we've been refining our operating practices and plan to begin shipping quality premium rail before the end of the first quarter 2014. We expect the gradual growth in sales throughout '14 and into 2015 as we introduce the product into the market. We believe we are aligned to be the supplier of choice based on the exceptional quality of our rail and the customer value we offer. By having the capability to produce 320-foot road lengths that can be further welded into 1600-foot lengths, this greatly reduces the installation time and truck maintenance costs for our rail customers, bringing them great value. Moving on to the metals recycling business. The quarter continued to be a challenge for the overall industry. Although pricing approved in November and December, the decrease in volume more than offset the increase in ferrous metal spread, resulting in relatively flat profitability. Although earnings from our Midwest locations improved slightly in the quarter, the continued overcapacity of shredding operations in the Southeast resulted in earnings deterioration for those locations. In December, we rightsized our workforce there and idled one of our Southeast shredding locations in an effort to more effectively utilize our assets in that region and improve future financial performance. We will continue assessing the effectiveness of our asset utilization to further improve results there. In Minnesota, our pioneering efforts continued to make some progress in the fourth quarter. Production rates and plant availability achieved in the third quarter this year confirmed the nugget plant's ability to produce in excess of 30,000 metric tons per month. Substantiated volume expectations, our primary focus is turning to improving product yield and decreasing the overall cost of production. Significant opportunities in these areas were identified, and preliminary progress was made during the fourth quarter. However, the severe Arctic weather conditions did impact the extent of our advancements there. The possible solutions are not capital-intensive but do require time for further testing and development. We plan to complete these adjutant [ph] projects no later than the end of the first quarter of this year, at which point we will assess the progress achieved and determine next steps. Relative to our other iron operation, Iron Dynamics achieved record annual production of 239,000 metric tons of liquid pig iron. Again, my congratulations to the team for their outstanding performance. Their contribution to the Flat Roll division's productivity cannot be overlooked. And likewise, the contribution to our sustainability efforts is also important as they obtain 100% of their iron needs through recycling steel mill waste outside. 2013 was a great turnaround year for our fabrication team. The industry improved joist shipments by 14%, while we gained market share and increased overall volume by 24%. We also achieved significant growth in profitability. We're optimistic moving into 2014, both as a function of demand improvement and the benefit of our broadened geographic footprint. We do expect to see the continued impact of seasonality on the first quarter results, especially given the frigid weather conditions we have been experiencing so far in January. Driven to maintain a sustainable, differentiated business, we continue to focus on opportunities to maximize our financial performance. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrate the sustainability of our business model, both in good and challenging market environments. We are focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, and as importantly, partnering with them to deliver what they need today, as well as anticipate what they will need for tomorrow. As we look toward 2014, we're optimistic concerning the industry and even more so to Steel Dynamics. The passion and spirit of our employees compel us to a standard of excellence, to perform at the highest level. I thank each one of them for their hard work and dedication and to remind them, safety is our priority, always. Thank you for your time, folks, and I open the call up for questions. Rob?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dave Katz of JPMorgan.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I heard you say that CapEx for the year was going to be $125 million to $150 million with $30 million of that representing CapEx carryover, which puts you at about, if you exclude the carryover, at about $110 million for the year, which I think would be your lowest level since 2005. I know historically you guys have favored growth and was curious if you think that there's a chance that, that number would creep up during the year. If so, what's the possible growth opportunities you see out there are? And then if not, how that ties back to your longer-term net leverage target of returns because it would put you, I believe, substantially beneath that at the end of the year?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think to your point, we are committed to growth, and we continue to evaluate organic opportunities as well as growth opportunities that will leverage our core strengths. And our focus, certainly, is on bringing in all of the quality margin, quality returns. As we assess those opportunities and if they are concluded to move forward, then yes, there's a possibility that the CapEx will creep up.
Theresa E. Wagler: Dave, that number just includes items that are approved to date. And so as we go through the year, Mark and Dick and the team never are without project ideas, so we'll update that number as we can.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just for clarification, given that it's where you're today historically when you look back on a rough basis, how does where you enter the year compare to where you exit?
Theresa E. Wagler: Typically, you would see that we've spent more than what we project at the beginning of the year, but it's because of individual projects that, as I mentioned earlier, are approved as we proceed through the year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sal Tharani of Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you 2 questions. First, on the non-res side, you had commented that joist was up 14%. Is that your sales? Or is that just the industry sales?
Chris Graham: For the year, the domestic joist industry was up shipments-wise, 14%; bookings-wise, around 17%.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So where does this -- what area of non-res does the joist end up in?
Theresa E. Wagler: What area does joist end up in for non-residential projects?
Chris Graham: Well, in the first half of '13, there was a lot of big box. We're seeing the Amazon distributions, the Family Dollars, the big distribution centers. We've not seen as many of those in the second half of '13. The good news is that activity was sustained at levels that were near the first half of the year with the big boxes in it. So there's been the regular type work filling the void left by the big boxes, which we see as a sign of an improving -- a truly improving landscape.
Mark D. Millett: I think Chris and the team have done a phenomenal job. During the year, they have increased market share. Obviously, we restarted over the last 18 months or so the 3 CMC facilities in Hope, Fallon and Juarez, and those folks are kicking in and fired up and passionate. But that gave us a geographic footprint to certainly garner some of those big box accounts, also warmer -- I think is warming up to us quite nicely.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Mark, I want to ask you about Mesabi Nugget also. I mean it's been -- last 2 years we've been talking about that the last year we said that it will be the last year of losses. We said the same thing in 2012. I was just wondering what is your commitment to this project if it continues to be that way? And is there any light at the end of the tunnel or anything else you could do strategically to -- before this project? I mean, maybe it is not worthwhile pursuing, have you ever thought about that?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we -- Sal, we look at all our operations as to whether or not or whether the financial viability is, not just Mesabi Nugget. But I think as we've communicated previously, over 1 year or so, 1.5 years ago, we put a plan in place and the intent was to bring that facility to kind of a breakeven point anyway at the end of last year. We did not achieve that. We did achieve the plan to get to 30,000 or confirm its ability to get to a 30,000-ton per month production rate and to get plant availability up over the required 85%, 87%. So that was achieved. And the iron constraint recovery and Mining Resources have certainly been achieved, and they've achieved production cost under $50 a ton as planned. As we also said, the issue has been once we got to the higher operating rates, we have a high appliance generation, and that is offset and I mean, they reduce yield and that has offset that attractive iron constraint cost considerably. And we've been focused on 2 main issues. That was hampered a little bit in November, December. The weather up there has been absolutely brutal. It's been in the minus double digits for, I don't know, the longest time, so it slowed our activities down by 1 month or so. But the focus is on the fines reduction and also the replacement of our reductant coal by lower-cost carbon sources such as char. There's been an immense learning curve over the last 3 months. We've identified several advancements that could have a material impact. And as I said earlier, once complete, we should be by the end of the quarter and no later than that, we will assess the commercial viability of the project against future projections of raw material markets and assess our next steps. I'd say the intent, Sal, as I said in the past for Mesabi Nugget not to be a prolonged anchor or source of losses.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michelle Applebaum of Michelle Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: I wanted to look out at the competitive terrain. Pricing has been doing much better the last 6 months, and The Wall Street Journal carried a fairly strongly opinionated article about a surge of imports coming in, in the early part of the year, and I was just curious to know your view on a, whether that's true; and b, are there fundamental changes now in the U.S. market with the closure of RG Steel that was getting a lot of headlines and the Thyssen sale and all that stuff? Can you comment on that?
Mark D. Millett: I will, Michelle. But I think the second half of '13, sheet pricing certainly appreciated, and there was some supply disruptions and there certainly was raw material pricing support as scrap moved up in the last couple months of the year. But I think the underlying appreciation was driven by demand. It's a little difficult to determine current market direction, I would suggest. Some would say that it's turned slightly. But given the way the holidays fell, given the incredibly bad weather, I think the market's only just getting back to work, really. And it's hard to say whether or not there is a material change in direction. As I said earlier though, the overall sentiment certainly -- market sentiment certainly doesn't correlate with what we have on our radar screen.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: What does that mean?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's...
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: You mean the negativity, right?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. If you look at the negativity and the volatility of Wall Street here the last week or 2, we certainly don't see it in our business and in our order book. And moving forward, we remain very, very, very optimistic. We had a solid fourth quarter, and we have a positive view going into '14 and '15. Just generally, and I'll let Dick and Russ comment on -- in detail on their areas, but just generally, steel consuming non-service center portion of the GDP should exceed that projected 3%. So there's going to be, I think, growth. And you've got companies with strong cash positions. That, with a low-interest-rate environment, should promote fixed asset investment. You have shale gas expansion; that should fuel widespread economic growth, I think, over the long haul. We have in this country a need for infrastructure replacement and build. And you have a little bit of re-shoring and manufacturing coming on. Unfortunately, that's overshadowed right now by uncertainty and the strengthening or the potential strength for growth of the global economies and will certainly be unhampered by the global supply demand balance. Supply, obviously, outstrips current demand. But again, looking at the markets in general, although we believe, as others do, that we'll remain strong, manufacturing is robust, seemingly growing. We feel that hot-rolled coil demand should strengthen with the energy market pipe and tube demand. It's contingent probably on a reasonable level of imports, but it's quite likely that hot-rolled coil will become tight in perhaps 2015. That will allow the supply and demand to coming back, at least come domestically in North America, and get back into balance with an associated potential for margin expansion. Residential construction should continue to grow this year with all the pent-up demand for houses and reduction in inventory. And we certainly see that in our order book in raised garage door panels, HVAC and stubs [ph]. It's materializing in our backlog. In non-res, ABI did dip under 50, November, December. But again, in our business, we see continued steady growth in our beam backlog and as Chris alluded earlier, in our joist business. It's interesting, our volume in the fourth quarter in joist, I do believe, Chris, tell me if I'm wrong, our volume would typically go down just with the weather seasonally. But our volume quarter-over-quarter, I think, was pretty stable. So we're quite optimistic by both the residential and nonresidential recovery. And as I said earlier, we've got a lot of leverage there. We've got 1 million tons or so that we can exploit. When you look at rail, CapEx spending there projected by the big railroads is extremely strong as they build out their shale gas infrastructure and increase and replace their rolling stock. And I think this growing rail market provides us a great opportunity as we ramp up our new head-hardening capability. As mentioned, shipments of standard rail reached 2,000 -- 6,000 tons in 2013, which was well above our prior expectations, and our head-hardening capability is only going to add to that capability. So we're very, very bullish there. And a bright spot, a very bright spot, I think, is engineered bar. That business has come back quite well, quite strongly, and I think that the backlog is probably the best we've seen in probably 18 months or so. We're seeing renewed strength in seamless markets, Class A trucks, and I think that kind of affirms some of the commentary from Cummings [ph] and Caterpillar yesterday as to what they see in the market. So we're very bullish in Engineered Bar Products. So a long answer, Michelle, but I think generally, we are quite optimistic. And again, it doesn't connect necessarily to the overshadowing sort of sentiment of the market. Dick, any other thoughts, mate?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think the only thing I can add to all that was the fact that Pittsboro is actually going back to full production. We've been on a reduced melting rate for quite a few months, but February will be our first month back to full 24/7 melt. We've been mostly on reduced melt Monday through Friday during the peak hours because the order book didn't support it. But we're expecting to continue that in February, and March is filling up. As you said, our backlog is our strongest it's been in over 2 years. And then the other thing you didn't touch on is Steel of West Virginia has a very steady and full book. And as much as Roanoke isn't seeing a great margin, they've been -- they had record shipments, and so their book remains full. The merchant bars and rebars are not the strongest sales pricing perspective, but it's a good volume. So we're thinking it's -- things have returned and they continue to, so I support everything you've been saying.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: That sounds great. Always good to hear very candid views from you, guys.
Mark D. Millett: Well, that's all you get from us, Michelle. And you also mentioned RG, I do believe that the domestic market has improved from a capacity standpoint. RG, depending on how you calculated the number of tons, you could say 8 million tons came into the market, but most of that hasn't really been in the market for the last couple of years, 3 years. But there's a good 3 million or 4 million tons or thereabouts.
Richard P. Teets: And then I'll throw one more item in. Again, I'm very proud of the fact that just about every one of our divisions has brought new products on line. I can go down through and list them. But the one I'm very proud of is The Techs. We've developed the Galfan product and already year-to-date, we ran -- we haven't run 5,000 tons in January, but just about. And last year, we ran just -- just less than 6,000 tons of Galfan, and that was an expansion over 2,000 tons a year before. And so our sales efforts have been multiplying. And so we're very excited about the efforts that The Techs and the Flat Roll team have been putting into marketing that product and where we think that can take us. So there's things there that are real good at all of our divisions.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Curt Woodworth of Nomura.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Despite some of the positive growth just seen in demand and the growth in the backlogs, you also commented that you saw deterioration in the metal spreads in the long product market. It seemed like beam pricing, especially, was difficult to get traction with last quarter. So I guess the question is, what is preventing the pricing from following the scrap move up on the long product side? And do you guys see spreads improving end of the first quarter?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the opportunity for scrap move, and Russ can jump in, but the scrap market is likely to be sideways to down, more likely down, even though we've got some frigid weather that is probably hampering the flow of scrap. If you look at the export market, the Turkish currency valuation weakening. There's very, very little export interest right now, and that has seemingly pushed pricing up or down over the last year or 2. So with a decrease in scrap environment, we would anticipate a potential for margin expansion, yes. But, Russ?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I think certainly, the pressure is downward on the scrap market here at least in the first quarter. I think it will take Turks probably the first quarter or so to get their balance figured out as what they're going to do. And that step, well, it certainly has a big impact. But I think you said it well, Mark. I think the pressure -- the obvious pressure downward may be mitigated somewhat by the weather conditions. They're [indiscernible] slow, but again, I think there's -- once the weather warms up, there's ample supply of scrap.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And the second question on working capital, usage was pretty big this year and part of it was trying to get ahead of I guess the scrap price increase this quarter. Do you guys feel like you can reverse part of that usage this year? And how much potentially do you think you could get out of the working cap?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, the movement in the fourth quarter was fairly dramatic in inventory, and that was really specific to us trying to position ourselves for the first quarter. So that, given the fact that scrap pricing will be coming down, that's going to reverse itself pretty quickly in the first half of the year. So there is potential for working capital to bring back quite a bit of funding during the year, maybe in the tune of somewhere between $50 million and $75 million. But that all depends again on what the second half of the year looks like as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brett Levy of Jefferies.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Guys, can you talk about your order book in terms of like the beam and rail business, all the different parts of the sheet business, The Techs? I mean, talk about the order book. Is it getting stronger or weaker? A little bit of color just by product area.
Chris Graham: Well, I don't know what kind of color you want. We have our strong -- I can -- I'll talk in strength or weak Butler has a -- has our Flat-rolled bookings out into -- hot-band is February, of course, cold-rolled and galvanized and paint is March is what we would expect. There's few holes that are being filled, but we're not crashing and burning by any strength because we see it improving. We see the strengthening as Mark was referring to occurring. A little bit of pricing pressure because of imports was referred to by Mark earlier, but it's stable. Beams, we have one of our biggest backlog in beams and we've had since 2007 or so. Rail, again, it's a developing market by us. You can see it's a continuation of our record shipments. It's -- without saying a number, it's -- it continues. And it's being influenced by our desire to start anxiously making shipments head-hardened product but, we haven't made a firm commitment. We've been getting orders that have open-ended opportunities to ship either the head-hardened or standard rail, whichever is available. We appreciate that flexibility that some of our customers have given us, but they are supporting us in that -- in our development attempts. I already referred to, as Mark did, Barry's backlog down in Pittsboro of being the best it's been in 22, 24 months, and developing our opportunity to run full. And again, the toughest one is Roanoke, again, record shipments. That's toughest only because of margin and most -- and a lot of it's because of unfairly traded Rebar products that are being challenged in the trade cases and so forth, and hopefully, we'll have a positive resolution there by the industry. But I don't know how you want it referred to, but that's strengthening all the way around, very positive, and The Techs have been challenged because of all of the galvanized products on the East Coast and so forth. But we're not standing still, and they're pursuing other markets. And I think everything is fine from that perspective.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: All right. And then in terms of how that translates into pricing power? Or just generally, does it feel like all of the gains that you've picked up since June could hang on?
Mark D. Millett: Well. I think the unknown is, obviously, the import. If you just forgot about the import scenario, again, on our radar screen, we're strong right across our universe. The one headwind for our industry, for us and our industry, is the import sort of spec so to speak. The global pricing on bands today exceeds the 150 that I've talked in the past about being kind of a hurdle that starts to attract import interest by our customers. And hence, we are probably going to see a little bit of a spike in imports coming up. Don't necessarily think it's going to be a wave or diluters that's going to dramatically impact our market. It's just creating a headwind for us.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: And so the question really is, is it going to create a pricing route or a pricing adjustment or stability?
Mark D. Millett: I think, generally, it's just going to set a ceiling or just compress our ability to increase and expand margins dramatically.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Yu of Citigroup.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question is at Mesabi, I know you guys have that Magnetation product that you're producing. If I recall correctly, there's about 1 million tons of capacity. Can you give us some insight in where that's running at? And if it's producing extra product, is it being sold to third parties? And say you do, and I'm not saying you will, but just scenario, you do shut down Mesabi, is there -- would you become a merchant supplier of iron ore concentrates?
Mark D. Millett: The plant, you ask where is it running right now? I would tell you the minus 45 degrees, whatever they're seeing, slowing down just a heartbeat. So I can't, generally, say they're producing at 1 million tons right this second, but they have that ability without any doubt. And the cost structure is as we represented. There obviously is an opportunity to sell that concentrate out elsewhere. In fact, as you probably know, that asset is a joint venture with Larry Lehtinen's Magnetation. So they're taking about 20% of its volume and disposing it into third parties already. And given economics, you've got to consider world market, the constraint is, you got to consider freight. Obviously, there's ability, if it makes financial sense, to sell that to third parties.
Theresa E. Wagler: But we currently aren't doing that.
Mark D. Millett: But, yes. But we're consuming our own.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then second one is, just on scrap, you've been anecdotally hearing about movements of scrap from the East Coast to the Midwest, and you've given differentials of, say, $80 to $90. Are you guys seeing that in your business? Is that something that you're doing?
Russel B. Rinn: No, I think certainly, we are seeing that, again, is that the scrap piles up on the coast, it is not being exported. It's going to find a home. And so we are seeing that move from the coast inland, some of it has come all the way into the Midwest, and in some cases, we have purchased some of that for our steel mills.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Luke Folta of Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, first question, did I hear you say that structural beam backlogs are as high as they've been since 2007? And just to clarify, are you talking Columbia City as a whole, including rail, or just the beams?
Chris Graham: Well, the backlog I was referring to is a combination of both. If I separated them out, I'd still tell you that the -- well, that's a close one. Since I've been gone from the beam business over there, primarily since 2006, it probably is the same as about then, when we were running so well. But when you add the rail to it, and they have a little bit of an advantage, they have a second beam mill over there that we're adding products to and so forth. But it's similar, so I'd tell you that the beam business is the same, so it's coming back, substantially, because they have a wider product range. I'm not telling you that the construction world is the same as it was in 2006 and '07. Don't take that as a -- because we're doing more OEM business and attacking other product opportunities. But the volume coming out of that mill, they beat the total volume that we shipped over the year by a couple thousand tons. That included some rail of 200,000 tons granite, and their challenge for this year is the -- without the rail beat the tons of beams, and then, add rail to it. So that's exciting from a Columbia City perspective. So I don't know if I answered your question, but the backlog is in total tons is higher than it's been in years.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I get it. That helps. And then just secondly, with the reduced CapEx guidance and the potential for working capital to be a source of cash this year, it looks like you're setting up to have a pretty decent free cash flow year for '14. And I just wanted to kind of dig in more on your opportunities for growth. Can you first talk about growth? The tradeoff between growth and share buybacks, is that something you even consider at this point? And also, can you give us some sense of what the major areas of growth that you're looking into? Is it mostly on the steel side, upstream? Anything you can say, that would be helpful.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I agree that we will -- we continue to sustain a very robust strong cash flow even in these tough times. I think from the standpoint of where do we deploy that cash, stock repurchase is not -- is something that we frequently assess as we do all of the different avenues of disposal of cash, but it's not preferential for us. We feel we can deliver much greater value by deploying those -- that cash elsewhere today. As you saw last year, we raised our dividend 10%. We don't intend to be a dividend stock, necessarily. We're still a growth company, so we would like to see a sort of a positive profile of our dividend going forward. You have also seen, as Theresa mentioned earlier, we refinanced here over the last 18 months. And if you look at our balance sheet, all the changes there too since 2011, we've had a positive impact of about $45 million of interest and stretched out on maturities, so we're looking very, very good there. We have brought our net debt down to -- to under our target, under 3x. I think we ended up the year at 2.6x. So we're following our sort of advertisement there. We continue to look at organic opportunities, and we've identified a few, but are not in a position, nor do we want to discuss them. We tend not to want to speculate, Luke. You're going to know -- when we decide to do something, then you'll know. But there are some smaller, incremental organic opportunities for us, certainly on the steel side. We're looking for growth opportunities outside of that, as we have always done in the past, with a focus on leveraging our core strengths. If you look at our different platforms, scrap, obviously, recycling is a challenging environment today. We'll have possibly some very minor expenditures. And when I say minor, $1 million here, $1 million there or $3 million for another ASR opportunity. But that's not a -- what I would consider a growth opportunity for us right now. We are well balanced, strategically. We got 7 million tons or so of steelmaking capacity. And our recycling divisions are probably have the capability anyway of 6 million to 7 million tons of collection, distribution and processing. So strategically, we're well matched. People in that space are still living in the past from a valuation standpoint, and so valuations are incredibly high. Margins are incredibly thin, and that would not be an arena that we're actively searching to spend our cash. Fabrication, I think Chris and the team have done a phenomenal job positioning themselves. Again, within 3 new joist assets and an additional debt line, they're well positioned to serve the market. We got 150,000 tons of excess capacity there, and the challenge to the team is execute, and I think they're doing just that. The greater focus, I would suggest, is on steel, because that's where the margin is today. And as I said earlier, I think we've identified a few opportunities that we're assessing, and we'll leave it at that.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If I could add just one more quick one on SBQ. Can you give us some sense of just a time line of how you expect that new capacity to ramp-up and give us some sense of where you are in terms of customer qualifications and things like that?
Mark D. Millett: Dick, do you want to...
Richard P. Teets: At the SBQ facility, perhaps as we've been going along, we've been identifying the customers that will be -- come -- taking us along with them. We've been cultivating that business, and so we're very comfortable with the expansion into the smaller borrower arena with our existing customers, with new customers and the products that will be required to start filling that out. So we're prepared, we're comfortable with the expansion, even in light of other expansions going on in the marketplace. So we're excited.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. I'll just add, Dick and Barry [ph] and the team there have done a phenomenal job, I do believe, over the last 3, 4 years, building customer confidence. The focus is toward the higher end range of the quality range of SBQ, not just typical 1 inch, 10-18 bar, but in the highly alloy, highly customized grades. And given the quality they've achieved, and given as importantly, I think, just the timeliness of on-time delivery, I think, we are getting sort of a preferential sort of market exposure there.
Richard P. Teets: And I think there were -- it has to be -- remain on the radar screen is that we're not new to the small bar business. We've always had the capability of making small bars. We just elected not to. We have a small bar mill there, but it wasn't real desirable because the amount of reduction we had to take and the amount of effort that slowed us down, and there was a -- it was a better economic decision from a bottom line perspective to pursue larger bars. So it's not like we're entering into an arena that we haven't gone to or danced in the dance. So we have been there to the tune of over 125,000 tons a year, and so when we're talking of going to 325,000 tons, it's an expansion, not a new one for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Tanners of Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to -- a lot of questions have been answered, and I appreciate all the details. I guess I just wanted to ask you if you can help us understand how you may have changed the discussions there or characterize the discussions you had with flat-rolled buyers starting this year relative to how you've done it in the past, if you made any changes, or how those dialogues have changed.
Mark D. Millett: I guess, I don't know where you're leading us, Timna. But I don't believe there's been any material change.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [indiscernible]
Mark D. Millett: We never -- a part of our industry ventured into sort of CRU minus type contract arrangements. That's something that we never did. We based some of our contracts on CRU as the indication of where the market is, but not on a discount basis of any great nature. But I think we're business as usual.
Chris Graham: Do you want to amplify your question a little, Timna?
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, of course, sorry. I was just asking because so many buyers have told us that mills changed their attitude at the start of the year and I didn't know if you were in the same category with the CRU discount changes, to rebates, to being a little bit more stringent about how you price your contracts or just -- or how you price steel, in general. So just wondering how you might have changed into the new year.
Chris Graham: Again, we're not monstrously big on contracts and so forth. We are -- it's an evolving business, and we have to react as our competitors do. But we're not -- we haven't changed our philosophy, and we haven't changed the way we take our product to market. And so we might be one of the ones who have changed the least is, I guess, the way I'd analyze our changes if there were really anything of significance.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, super. And the only other question I had was, we're getting a lot of investors starting to question this non-res recovery, and it seems like it still should be there and we have faith, but it seems like quarter-after-quarter, we say it's coming, and quarter-after-quarter there hasn't been that much evidence. So can you characterize without repeating, sorry, a lot of what you said, can you characterize any reason why it's different and why this -- you have really have more conviction and it's happening now versus over the last several quarters?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think despite our -- I can't talk for our competitors, but we -- albeit off a low base and albeit gradual, we're continuing to see increased beam orders and we're continuing to see greater market share and greater volumes in joist. So I -- Timna, I don't see there being any hockey stick here where it's just going to take off, but we're just committed to our -- sustain our view that we're making, at least SDI, incremental progress in that arena. And I guess one -- I guess this is not very scientific, but as I travel around the country, I really do see more cranes in the air. There are more buildings going up, which correlates to what we see in our order book, I guess.
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, I would add that the fact remains that from a low of 400,000 tons of joist sold in the country just 3 or 4 years ago, '14 looks like it's going to be over 800,000 tons. So I think one can argue about the hockey stick shape. But so far, we continue to see that type of slow, steady improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question on the sheet market. I think you guy, and the mini mills account for about 1/3 of the supply of sheet, and import's somewhere around 15% or so. So you and imports are about 1/2 of the supply of the sheet market in the U.S. And just mentioning what you mentioned earlier that you expect scrap prices to fall going into the early part of the year now, that means your costs are coming down, and you also mentioned that import's kind of thinking that they would be about $150 premium over U.S. prices, and now they're a little over $200 premium over U.S. prices, at least in China anyway. I would think you have the ability to take some share on the sheet side, particularly the hot-rolled side, given you have some capabilities that are left out there unused. I'm kind of surprised that your order book is only going out of weeks. You said February, we're almost in February. Isn't this a great opportunity for you guys, given your variable cost structure, to get some -- take some share right now?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, Mike, the team up there has done a remarkable job in this challenging environment, pretty well, keeping the mill full. The -- our sort of lead times, or whatever, typically are not much more than 4 weeks anyway, particularly in hot-band. We, obviously, finished product through painted tend to stretch out maybe 6 weeks or so. But we intentionally keep a short order book to capitalize on any market inflection. So I don't believe -- Dick, jump in. I don't think we're concerned about hot-band being 2, 3 weeks out right now.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I apologize, if I -- by saying February, recognizing it's the 28th of the month or so. I wasn't thinking of it in that manner. I was thinking it's the end of -- we're sold basically through the end of February, and I wasn't trying to imply the first or second week. No, we're solid. We're very comfortable where we are, believing that we've sold at good prices. We're okay. We will run full, and that's where we like to be.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you have no capability to pick up share on the sheet side on the -- in the marketplace at this point?
Richard P. Teets: Well, we're booked. I mean, we run full. Last year, we had very few days where we ran just a single caster. That's our indication that we had capacity left on the table. And if we had 10 days in a year, that -- then we look at how we can minimize those days, when we talk internally. Did we sell enough to New Millennium? Did we sell enough to The Techs? And the answer should be is, probably, no, in both of cases. Should we -- now that we have a leveling line -- that's what actually justified our leveling line because we felt we can make a higher quality product and take it to the market where we have customers who buy other products from us but were not buying as much light gauge from us because we were not delivering what they can perceive as high enough quality on the first 100 feet of our very light gauge products, and now we're leveling into the tune of 15,000 tons, 30,000 tons a month type of thing. And so we're excited about that, hopefully, filling up those few days of a single caster operation. So SDI, Butler, the Hot Mill is full. Now it's a matter of maximizing, as we always try to do. The value added is to benefit the bottom line and how can we always move product through there on a monthly basis to figure out can we get any more revenues from painted, Galvalume painted, cold-rolled painted, just pure cold galv, whatever the mix can be, based on gauge and ultimately resulting tonnage.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Mike, obviously, if you look over a little bit of time, Butler has picked up quite reasonably because that mill, not so long ago, was only 2.4 million tons. The team out there has gone from 2.4 million tons to actually shipping, physically shipping over 2.9 million tons last year in what is still a challenging market. So we have been getting a little bit more of the pie, I think. And To Dick's point, our focus is margin.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What do you -- what's your expectation for the fall in scrap through the quarter?
Mark D. Millett: I think...
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, given the pressures you said about the export market shrinking up with -- especially with Turkey.
Mark D. Millett: Smiling at each other, Mike.
Richard P. Teets: He won't tell me.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. Again, I think I've said it in the past and Russ has said it in the past, the crystal ball on the dimensional move is -- or the extent of the move is incredibly cloudy up till February -- I mean, January 31, how the end of the month. I think, again, we feel that it's there. Given the drift down in iron ore, if you look at that, it can come off a reasonable amount.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, do you think scrap will come off more than the price of hot-rolled?
Mark D. Millett: I think it has that ability. It -- again, as we said earlier, we feel that domestic demand in the -- our sheet business remains strong. The headwind is import and how that will affect us. And I don't think anyone at this table is smart enough to figure out what the eventual outcome will be there. And whether it falls -- the pricing falls more than the scrap or not, I don't think so, personally. I think demand there, at least, again, I go back to our radar screen, is pretty positive right now. So there's going to be some support.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Last question on the non-res side. On the infrastructure part of the demand, can you talk about anything you're seeing on the permit side in terms of spending on infrastructure?
Mark D. Millett: I can't say that I have, personally. Chris, is there?
Chris Graham: No, I mean, we don't even hear anything from any real estates. I mean, guard -- we look down as far as in the pecking orders like guardrails and so forth, and there's really no strength in markets that respond to that. So it's business as usual, but nothing -- there's no big bills or anything that show support there yet.
Mark D. Millett: I'd like to think [ph] that legislators will understand that the place is falling apart but...
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You just need a big bridge to fall, I guess.
Mark D. Millett: Well, let's hope not.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nick Jones of Royal Bank of Canada.
Nicholas Richard Jones - Royal Bank of Canada: I had a question for you on Roanoke Bar. I was hoping you would talk about the price announcement earlier in January on the 14th, 17th? What did you see that instigated the price increase? And then what brought on the announcement on the 17th?
Chris Graham: Well, needless to say that it's a market that is very transparent, and everyone is doing their best in trying to garner the maximum amount of revenue that they can. And so sometimes prices get announced. And if there's not 100% agreement as to where the market will move to or the timing of when that market move works, there sometimes has to be a realignment and an adjustment. And so, therefore, we went out with a price increase of $30 and on a date. And then ultimately, we didn't believe that, that price would be sustained or supported universally, and then lowered our price by $10 to a price that -- of $20 net, I mean, ultimately a $20 increase from where it had been by reducing it by $10 and felt that, that's where the market is and that's where we're selling at. So -- and that's where I think the rest of the market also moved to. So it's really a transparency in the market, and not much more can be said about it.
Nicholas Richard Jones - Royal Bank of Canada: Did you see customer -- immediate customer feedback? Or what were the tea leaves that you guys were looking at?
Chris Graham: Well, it's always -- when I say transparency, there's a customer reaction, there is order intake, there's a feedback, there's in many cases, in that kind of business, you carry inventory in those markets and whether your inventory is being depleted at the -- at a rate that is expected or shipments slow or speed up is an indication of acceptance or anticipation of moves. And so there's a whole lot of different tea leaves that the sales team and the management team have to be apparent taking advice from. And they did, and they determined that the adjustment was warranted and we're, I think, satisfied with it today.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lane with Morningstar.
Andrew Lane - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just one quick one from me here. Do you believe that order flow for ferrous scrap has already been impacted by increased domestic DRI production? And do you anticipate a meaningful impact on scrap flows from DRI produced in the United States going forward?
Russel B. Rinn: I think there's been some speculation on the impact of DRI. I think it will come. We'll see some of that, and it'll ramp up as our production comes up. I think the primary impact is likely to be on the pig iron and some the other high-value substitutes much more than the obsolete scrap. Primes will certainly see some -- have some impact with it, but, again, I think, there's still a significant number of imported iron units, whether that's imported iron ore, converted, or whether that's pig iron or whether that's just regular scrap that's imported. It's also going to be impacted some. While there is going to be an impact and likely some downward pressure particularly on primes, again, markets are what they're going to be. And from a scrap perspective, from our perspective, we're going to buy, we're going to sell in whatever the market is and do what we need to do to expand our margins as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: In calculating or maintaining your goodwill intangibles and fixed asset carrying values for scrap recycling and virgin iron, do you include as part of the return lower-cost and more stable raw steel operations with ready ingredient availabilities? And what specific level of profitability do you make long-term estimates of for scrap in the virgin iron in maintaining your carrying values?
Theresa E. Wagler: John, as you probably are aware, that's a very complex series of calculations that take place to be able to support both our goodwill and our intangible asset value. And our measurement dates for those, for all of our operations, are October 1. So we went through that process, and at the end of the year, we have supported and we believe that our asset values are appropriately stated as represented on the balance sheet. And there's a lot of different assumptions that take place in those modelings, and we used future discounted cash flows to do that. We do expect and we've modeled in to have improvement in the metals recycling area for those projections, and we believe that those are sustainable based on some cost initiatives that are taking place in Mills Recycling. I think you would've seen that some of that took place in December. We did shutter one trying [ph] location. That's just an example. The mission of the ASR plans are other examples that increase profitability for the Mills Recycling arena. We also expect to see -- these are long-term projections. And so if you look at the next 3 to 5 years, we're expecting considerable increase in steel consumption both domestically and globally, and that's based on a lot of things that Mark has already spoken about. It's with that increased steel consumption you're going to have increased consumption on the Mills Recycling side as well. And we're uniquely positioned with Mills Recycling because we utilize anywhere between 40% and 45% of what our Mills Recycling operations produce in our own steel operations. So as our steel operations grow, we're also consuming more there, and that solid base load has a considerable impact on the profitability of our operations and the predictability versus some of our competitors. So we're very comfortable, and I know I haven't gone into specifics, but we wouldn't want to go into specifics related to that. Hopefully that answered your question.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Do you exclusively look at the returns from the Recycling and the iron making? Or do you include the smoother and more consistent operations of your steelmaking as part of the cash flow benefit of having the raw materials integration?
Theresa E. Wagler: No. When you look at goodwill and intangibles, you're required to look at the cash flow generation platform that it's assigned to. So when we look at Metals Recycling and the goodwill and the intangible assets that are associated with that, we look only at the cash flow related to Metals Recycling. There is a competent of the Metals Recycling that benefits the steel and we do include that benefit, but it's incremental to the analysis itself.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Philip Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Philip Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Theresa, I had a question on this pickup in noncash equity compensation. Is that going to be a sustainable pickup in SG&A going forward? Or is that more of a onetime accrual in the fourth quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: Great question, Phil. That's going to be ongoing. So 2 years ago, we switched from our ISO plan to restricted stock. And the restricted stock has a 2-year vesting period. This is the first year where we've had 2 grants outstanding at the same time. So now we'll be at a sustainable level of about $5 million per quarter. That's very similar to what it used to be with the ISO plan as well. We just had a hiatus for about 1 year where we didn't have 2 levels of planned outstanding at the same time.
Philip Gibbs - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, and another, my follow-up is related to Mesabi. Mark, I know you talked briefly about this earlier on the call, but what do you actually need to see here to give you confidence on the viability? And then also, can you remind us just how much you've invested in Mesabi year-to-date over the last few years?
Mark D. Millett: Again, our focus and the need, I guess, is to get that yield improvement at the high production rates and to replace the principal reductant, the coal reductant that we use -- utilize today with a lower priced carbon source. And as I mentioned, we -- from what we've learned in November, December, we have determined that there's a couple things that is very, very prudent to test and try right now, and the learning curve of the team up there has been immense. I still have faith in them, but it's all predicated on being successful achieving those 2 things.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie Group.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I just had a couple of quick follow-ups, if possible. On the Mesabi, we were just discussing the 2 things that you wanted to see. Can you tell us what type of yield problem you're having? Is it moisture? Is it low metallization or some other thing? I mean, what is it about the yield that goes away when the production rate picks up?
Mark D. Millett: We generate excess fines in the process. So the actual quality, solid, big nuggets, you might say, coming out of the process relative to raw materials going in is just not yielding where we were at the lower rates.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. So do you think that's a mechanical issue or a chemical issue?
Mark D. Millett: If you've got 3 days, I'll be more into -- more than willing to get into the detail. But it's a process issue.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: All right. So one other follow-up on the scrap business, Russ, can you say of the scrap that's migrating from the East Coast or West Coast into the Midwest, probably mostly East Coast, is that stuff already shredded or is that pre-shred?
Russel B. Rinn: I think it's a combination of both. But what gets bought on the coast normally is shredded because that's primarily predominant export. So there's a -- the vast majority of it is going to be shredded material.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. So that won't really help the imbalance then, I guess. If -- I was thinking if you got more un-shredded material heading into the Midwest, it might take some of the buying pressure off that material in the pre-shred and -- so this isn't probably going to help your margins at all?
Russel B. Rinn: On the negative side, more than the upside.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Gagliano, Barclays.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just have a very, very basic question tied to the broader demand topic. Given the positive views on demand, what do you expect the year-over-year growth rates will be in your total volumes in 2014 versus 2013?
Mark D. Millett: Off the top of my head, I'm not sure I've got...
Theresa E. Wagler: We tend not to project out for a year.
Mark D. Millett: It's not -- yes, I'd prefer not to give a number out.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How about a comfort level and a range? Should we be thinking about sort of a 5% to 10% year-over-year growth rate or a 10% to 15% year-over-year growth rate? Which of those would you be more comfortable with?
Chris Graham: I don't even know that we could answer because, let's say, at Butler, if you're talking about growth rate of a shipment, we...
Mark D. Millett: We can't get any bigger.
Chris Graham: We can't any bigger. Roanoke, I mean, if you're somehow figuring out how to break another record, we're always striving for that. Pittsboro did not ship at -- I mean, Pittsboro had production opportunities and, therefore, of course, shipment opportunities but not going back towards what we used to do. Columbia City shipped at a record and, therefore, things are always in a growth mode there. We have some capacity capabilities and as we've talked about, we have excess steel capacity within the company, and that's always on our radar screen in which to maximize. But it's really dependent upon a whole lot of things at each different product level and plant perspective.
Theresa E. Wagler: Right. And just assuming things stay the same given the expansion and our product capabilities and diversifications, one would expect that if things stayed the same that our shipments would improve from 2013 to 2014, setting new records.
Chris Graham: As a platform.
Theresa E. Wagler: As a platform, correct.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay. Maybe I can just follow up on that last point that you made. Is it -- can you -- is it possible to frame sort of the max capacity that you could get to in '14 versus '13 on a sort of a year-over-year increase basis?
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, our capacity has grown. We have one -- we had in -- ending 2013, we had a capacity of 6.4 million tons, and that includes 1 million tons of processing capacity at The Techs. As so as you then add to that 325,000 tons of capability at our engineered special bar quality, now you're looking at closer to a 7.7 million ton of capacity. So there's still a lot of room to grow from a steel perspective as long as markets are supportive of that. And the growth -- the biggest growth would come through SBQ and through Structural.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and 7.7 million of which 1 million is at The Techs, right? Is that what I -- is that what you just said?
Theresa E. Wagler: Correct.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millet for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well thanks, Rob. And just for those still on the call, I would just like to thank you for your faith and support in us. And hopefully, that will remain going forward. I think we've got a great future ahead of us here at SDI. And more -- most importantly, thank you to our customers that might be listening. Thank you for your support and to our employees as well. And as I said earlier, guys, be safe out there each and every day. Thank you, all.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation  Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Chris Graham - Vice President and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc. Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Tyler Kenyon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised this call is being recorded today, October 17, 2013, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading the call today are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have the company's operating platform leaders, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, Vice President, Steel Dynamics, and President for our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, October 17, 2013, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed Forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thanks, Marlene. Good morning, everybody, and again, thanks for joining us for today's call. We plan to discuss our third quarter results and then share our view of the steel industry, along with some potential earnings catalysts that lay ahead for Steel Dynamics that I would hope surely differentiate us from our peers and continue to grow shareholder value. Before I turn the call over to Theresa for her summary comments regarding the financial results for the quarter, I'd like to mention regretfully so the sudden passing of one of our directors, Jim Trethewey. Although on the board for just a year, he was a highly constructive contributor and a loyal friend of our company. He will be missed and our thoughts and prayers are with his family. And that being said, Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2013, our net income was $57 million or $0.25 per diluted share. This was at the upper range of our earnings guidance of between $0.21 and $0.26. Net sales of $1.9 billion were up 6% from the second quarter of the year and comparative consolidated operating income increased $44 million or 64%, and our consolidated gross margin percentage increased 211 basis points compared to the second quarter of the year. The improved performance was from our steel operations. As a result of the overall higher shipments, coupled with increased sheet steel selling value, operating income from our steel operations increased $61 million or 69%. Steel metal margins increased in the third quarter as our average overall quarterly steel price per ton shipped increased $13 while the cost of scrap used in our furnaces decreased $5. Overall operating income per ton shipped for the steel operations increased from $59 in the second quarter of this year to $96 in the third quarter, a 63% increase. Although there was improvement in all of our steel operations, excluding the special-bar -- excuse me, excluding special shapes business, improved sheet profitability drove our results. Comparatively, operating income from our metals recycling operations, or OmniSource standalone decreased $5 million for the second quarter, resulting in third quarter 2013 profitability of $11 million. During the quarter, ferrous volumes increased 10%, but metal spread contracted 19%. In contrast, on the nonferrous side, volumes improved 4% while metal spread remained flat when compared to the second quarter. Directionally, fabrication continues to be our bright spot, which is a positive sign for the nonresidential construction markets. Record-level shipments increased 18% in the quarter compared to second quarter results and operating income, although it's a smaller number compared to our other segments, improved more than 40%, making our sixth consecutive quarter profitability since the severe downturn in nonresidential construction. Gross interest expense in the quarter was $32 million, comparable to the sequential quarter but significantly less than the $42 million recorded in the prior year third quarter, over 23% reduction from a year ago. This is a significant benefit derived from our refinancing activities during the past year. We're very pleased with the execution of these initiatives. We've created even greater long-term strength and sustainability in our capital structure due to debt reduction of approximately $275 million, the extension of our debt maturity profile and a meaningful reduction in interest burden. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 39.3%, and our year-to-date effective tax rate was 37.8%. Based on current expectations, our full year effective tax rate is expected to be close to 38%. Moving to cash flow. Cash flow generation from operations produced $183 million of funding during the third quarter 2013, substantially higher than sequential second quarter results of $33 million. In addition, increased profitability of $28 million in the quarter, working capital items generated $62 million in operating cash flow. This is compared to a $61 million usage in the second quarter of the year. We currently don't expect significant working capital movement during the remainder of 2013. As of September 30, our liquidity totaled $1.5 billion, an increase of $126 million from June 30. This amount includes available cash of $370 million and a benefit of a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility, which currently has no outstanding borrowing. Our credit metrics remain strong and well within our covenant requirements. Total debt is $2.1 billion with minimal secured [ph] borrowings totaling less than 15% of our outstanding balances. Our net debt was $1.7 billion. Our trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA was $637 million, resulting in net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA of 2.8x, which is well below our preferred 3-cycle maximum of 3x. Capital investments in the quarter totaled $52 million. Of that, $34 million related to our steel operations, primarily for the continuation of the engineered special bar quality rolling mill expansion and the addition of premium rail capabilities. Both projects are on schedule to be commissioned before the end of 2013. Depreciation in the quarter totaled $49 million and fourth quarter 2013 capital investments and depreciation are expected to be very similar to those recorded in the third quarter. Current maturities of long-term debt were $335 million at September 30, primarily comprised of $287.5 million of convertible senior notes that mature in 2014. 16.7 million shares underlie the convertible notes with conversion price of $17.17. We're comfortable with the timing of the maturity and believe we have many options available to us, including partial or forward payment with available cash if the notes remained unconverted, along with various other refinancing alternatives. The strength of our balance sheet is derived from our low-cost, highly variable operating platforms, which provide robust through cycle cash flow generation. Our strong, resilient capital structure has the flexibility to both sustain current operations and support future growth. This includes, for those of you who track our steel shipments for the Flat Roll by product, in the third quarter, we had hot rolled shipments of 295,000 tons; pickles and oil shipments of 117,000 tons; cold-rolled shipments, 26,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized shipments of 127,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized shipments of 52,000 tons; painted product shipments of 105,000 tons, which you'll note is significantly higher than in past quarters; and Galvalume shipments of 19,000 tons, for a total of 741,000 tons. Mark?
Mark D. Millett: Super, great. Thanks, Theresa. I'd like to begin with safety, which is a key strategic focus and the highest priority for myself, the management team, along with each and every employee. We strive towards 0 incidents, absolutely no accidents whatsoever. And in many of our locations, we have continued to make progress towards that goal. 87 of our locations were incident-free in the third quarter, and many have not incurred a single incident this whole year. Notably, Steel of West Virginia has worked over 2.1 million man hours without a loss time accident, and I commend the team there. Our performance continues to exceed industry averages and we continue to improve, I commend the dedication of our teams toward excellence. But while this is the case, tragically, we still lost one of our members of the SDI family this summer. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with his family. An occurrence such as this drives even greater conviction and resolve toward our goal. Safety is our highest priority. It will remain so as there is nothing more important than the safety and welfare of each and every member of the SDI family. Shifting our focus toward the macro environment. From my perspective, anyway, the economy remains weaker than it needs to be to support a robust, sustainable recovery, and we continue to be subject to political headwinds. The increased consumer confidence portrayed through the third quarter is tempered somewhat under the cloud of the government shutdown and the fear that the U.S. government may experience a financial default. But nonetheless, I believe the current economic climate gives reason for restrained optimism, as third quarter GDP should have expanded and many of the macro market indicators, such as the PMI, ISM, ABI and housing starts continue to show positive directional momentum, supporting increased steel consumption and continued demand growth. Recent growth forecasts for the automotive market indicate a 16 million unit build rate for 2013, growing to 16.5 million units for 2014 and as high as 17.3 million for 2015. Construction spending, albeit still low, continues to improve, up over 6% so far for 2013. The homebuilding sector remains upbeat, supporting continued sustainability in the residential construction market, which is a crucial component of a sustainable economic recovery. Although there's been some noise in this arena with July and August housing starts that are falling slowly, as compared to June, the general trend has been up. The hesitations could've been related to rising mortgage rates, but this unto itself has not curbed continued growth in past economic recoveries. Residential construction activity remains materially improved over 2012, with the August housing starts 19% up year-over-year. On the nonresidential front, the API again reported above the 15% mark in August, depicting expansion in the last 11 of 12 months. But more important than the pure economic indicators, which bode well for the recovery of the construction markets and steel consumption in general, is our order book since this is what truly defines where the market is going for us. Increased demand for construction-related steel products is clearly visible in our order backlogs. Our third quarter structural steel shipments were at the highest levels since the third quarter of 2008, and fabrication shipments were at record levels as we have broadened our geographic presence. Similarly in Flat Roll, order rate for residential-related end products, such as raised garage door panel and HVAC, have seen material improvement. For the sheet market in general, the increased demand coincided with capacity shortfalls, and although steel sheet imports increased during the quarter, their impact was significantly less than the market expected. The resulting demand strength, combined with tight supply chain inventories, have aided for an appreciation of the U.S. Flat Roll pricing through the quarter. I believe the increased demand for construction-related steel products should be sustainable. As many companies hold significant cash positions, which coupled with the historically low interest rate environment we enjoy today should lead to fixed asset investment. Longer term, the availability of an expensive shale gas, there's a potential to make U.S. energy law, providing a tremendous incentive for fixed asset investment and associated job growth, a catalyst to increase steel-related consumption. We will be the beneficiaries of the associated growth, as we lever our latent production capacity. Since 2008, we've expanded capacity and though we've been shipping at record levels, market conditions have prevented us from levering our full production capability. As nonresidential construction demand strengthens, all of our operating platforms can benefit. In 2013, we have approximately 1.5 million tons of steel capacity that will not be utilized due to these market conditions. And of that amount, about 55% of the tons are correlated with the nonresidential construction market. As domestic steel mill utilization improves, demand for ferrous scrap will follow, bringing benefit to our metals recycling operations. And similarly, we have over 150,000 tons of additional fabrication capacity, which is directly tied to nonresidential construction demand. In aggregate, I believe we have greater leverage to the recovering construction sector than most. Focusing on steel operations. Demand for our sheet and structural steel products improved in the quarter, with utilization increasing from 83% in the second quarter to 89%, materially above the 78% recorded throughout the industry, which I think is a testament to our talented teams and our broad product portfolio. Flat Roll shipments improved, particularly for galvanized and painted products. Metal management -- metal margins expanded as average sheet pricing increased in the quarter. Notably, our Flat Roll division is on target to set an annual production record in 2013. In fact, during the third quarter, the team already achieved its goal on a trailing 12-month basis, by producing over 3 million tons, an absolute milestone for a North American-based Electric Arc Furnace Flat Roll mill. Congratulations to the team, each and every one of them. Our Structural and Rail division's utilization rate continued to improve, achieving 70% in the third quarter, as structural steel shipments improved. Utilization was 5% higher than the sequential quarter and 16% over the third quarter of 2012. This may moderate some in Q4 due to the annual week-long outage taking place in October and some seasonality impact to structural volume. On the rail front, rail shipments are on track to hit over 200,000 tons for the year, well above our earlier expectations. The domestic metals recycling industry experienced another volatile quarter. Decreased profitability was the result of declines in both ferrous volume and metal spread. Ferrous scrap supply outstripped demand early in the quarter from reduced steel mill utilization and overall reduced scrap export activity. Although profitability from our Midwest locations improved slightly in the quarter, the weak, obsolete scrap environment through the quarter, along with continued overcapacity of shredding operations in the Southeast, resulted in earnings deterioration now. Moving to fabrication. The momentum continues to be strong as the team exploits the benefit of our national footprint to make market inroads. We are headed into the traditionally soft winter months, but remain encouraged. We saw strengthening in both our inquiry rate and most importantly, order activity in the quarter. And the team continues to gain market share while also improving operating efficiency at our new startup locations. Our pioneering efforts in Minnesota continue to make steady progress. Production rates and plant availability achieved current expectations, confirming the plant's ability to produce in excess of 30,000 tons per month. Our primary focus is to now decrease the overall cost structure. As we increased the rate of production, however, the product yield unexpectedly deteriorated. We took a 3-week average toward the end of September for maintenance and some equipment modifications and restarted the plant in early October, and that restart has gone reasonably well. We believe we will achieve further cost reductions throughout the remainder of this year, but given current expectations in cost structure and pig iron market pricing that is lower than earlier estimates, we believe it will be difficult to achieve a monthly pretax breakeven run rate before the end of the year, but should approach a monthly cash breakeven. Much has been accomplished and the significant opportunities for yield improvement and cost reduction have been identified, but much work is yet to be done. Relative to our other iron operation, Iron Dynamics, they achieved a new record quarterly production of 65,000 metric tons of liquid iron. My congratulations to the team for their outstanding performance, and their contribution to the Flat Roll division's productivity cannot be overlooked. Likewise, their contribution to our resource sustainability efforts is important, as they obtain 100% of their iron needs through recycling steel mill waste both sides [ph]. A reflection of our entrepreneurial culture, we continually work to create opportunities rather than just wait for the market dynamics to improve. Several organic growth products have been implemented this year that will provide increased earnings potential specific to Steel Dynamics. And to recap 2 of the larger and more impactful projects, the Engineered Bar division is adding 325,000 tons of rolling mill production capacity, the high precision, smaller diameter bars that will broaden our product portfolio. This project will make our facility the largest single-site supplier of engineered and SBQ bar in North America with an annual production capacity of 950,000 tons. The project is on schedule and is expected to be commissioned in the fourth quarter this year with no material interruption of our current operations. We're also excited about adding premium rail production capability at our Structural and Rail division, an additional avenue to increase the mill's production utilization through the cycle as we further diversify our value-added product portfolio and broaden the markets in which we serve. We will have the capability to produce in excess of 300,000 tons of standard strength and premium rail for the North America's railroad industry. The product will provide exceptional customer value, adding the capability for 320-foot road lengths that can be further welded into 1,600-foot lengths, some quarter of a mile, which significantly reduces the installation time and track maintenance costs for the rail customer. Testing material has been enthusiastic received by several of the major domestic railroads. And based on recent investment plans announced by the major North American rail consumers, we believe the domestic rail market could grow meaningfully in the coming years. Our new rail capability is positioning us to become North America's preeminent rail manufacturer for quality, straightness and dimensional control. We plan to commission the premium rail production equipment by the end of this year, with product testing through the first quarter of '14. We continue to drive towards maximizing opportunities to effectively and efficiently perform through the cycle. We maintain a sustainable differentiated business. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model, whether in good or challenging times. In keeping with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout the company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth, whether in new products, new technologies or new business lines. We are focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness and as importantly, to partnering with them to deliver what they need today, as well as anticipate the needs for the future. The focus is toward not only top line revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide consistency to our margins that will provide our shareholders with the returns that demonstrate our commitment, making Steel Dynamics the preferred investment decision. The passion and spirit of our employees continue to drive us to excellence and to outperform our peers both operationally and financially, while maintaining our low-cost, highly competitive position. I thank each and every one of them for their continued hard work and dedication. And to remind them, guys, always be safe, both at work and at home. And so with that, I will open the call for questions for either myself or for the leadership team.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michelle Applebaum with Michelle Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: I have 2 questions. The first question is -- well, you can answer them in whichever order you want. I'd like to get kind of an enumeration of the organic growth initiatives again in terms of the impact and the timing, okay, including any startup issues that might happen. And then the second question is the other side of the same equation, which is the -- I'd like some -- a little bit more color on the laggards. I'm not going to say the names. And what kind of action plan you might have to either control what you can control or any macro things that might be happening to improve those businesses?
Mark D. Millett: Your second question, Michelle, did I hear laggards?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: Laggards, yes. I don't want to say Mesabi Nugget out loud. I don't want to be the first one to break drop, but I guess I am.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, no worries, go ahead. Theresa, do you want to answer the first one?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, sure. So from the project perspective, the largest one that we have right now is the Engineered Bar Products expansion. It's a $76 million investment, and it will be commissioned and starting up before the end of 2013. The expectations are that based on margins that we have today that, that payback period is less than 2 years. We don't expect any interruption with our current operations in our Engineered Bar Products as it's just an addition of a second rolling mill. From the second project that we have is the $26 million rail project, and that's to bring on the premium capability. It's expected to be commissioned by the end of  or to start up and start commissioning before the end of 2013 as well. It will have a slower ramp up, potentially, to be able to enter into the premium rail market, but we expect that volume to ramp up in 2014 through 2015 to eventually reach the  in excess of 300,000 tons of both standard and premium rail. That payback is expected to be in a 2-year timeframe as well. We also have latent capacity that we have excess of 1.5 million tons of steel capacity that we're not using today. And so that, as the construction markets come back on, we would expect to start to utilize into 2014, in addition to that. And we also have a small project that we've not talked about very much, it's a leveling line at our Flat Roll division. It's a $19 million project, and that actually is operating now.
Russel B. Rinn: That's correct. Just started up last week.
Theresa E. Wagler: And we expect to have some additional hot rolled shipments, not a large magnitude, but some additional shipments that come from that because we'll have a better-quality product, and I think we expect maybe that to have some impact, slight impact, in the fourth quarter of this year.
Russel B. Rinn: That's correct.
Theresa E. Wagler: Those are...
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: And just volume -- and the leveling line is just to add volume?
Theresa E. Wagler: What's happened is that we need to do some corrections with some of the products that we have.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, on the lighter gauge product, that means it has the capability of almost 0.5 million tons a year, but that's not -- we don't have that need. It's really for a product that is a very light gauge, below about 55%, that right now, the hit of it has more edge wave than some of our customers would like. And so it has the opportunity to take that shape correction mode. And so we will be selling product that we currently aren't selling. So the magnitude of it remains to be seen.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: Interesting, okay. And then in terms of the underperforming businesses...
Mark D. Millett: The challenges that you note  I would hate for the conversation about Mesabi Nugget and perhaps the Omni Southeast should detract away from the phenomenal job the team is doing elsewhere in the company and also the earnings catalyst, as Theresa mentioned. But that being said, I think through the quarter, we've seen further gains in specific production rate and plant availability. It's increased our confidence that the monthly production can be sustained  or could be sustained next year at a 30,000-plus ton a month rate. Unfortunately, as we've increased the feed rate or the throughput rate, we've seen an unexpected deterioration of yield, and the cost  that's producing a cost structure that is a little higher than we anticipated. And we've identified, I think, several opportunities for that yield improvement. We've identified several opportunities for further cost reduction on the reductant side and binder and those sorts of things on the raw material fronts. And this will obviously be the focus for the next few months. And again, I think the team has accomplished a lot and continues to complete the plan that we put in. We developed the plan back in August of 2012 and to date, they have hit every hurdle. And now we have the last hurdle to break through, and that's reaching a monthly cash breakeven by end of the year. And we've said for a couple of quarters that we would perhaps detail the cost structure in a little more detail. And I think just to calibrate that, at a 30,000-ton a month rate, and based on current pig iron transfer price, which is transferring at $380 a ton currently, that will -- the impact of that from Minnesota will have a breakeven effect on a consolidated basis. So that calibrates where we think we are immediately. Again, lot of work to be done, we've got to hit those rates and improve our cost structure. We still believe -- sorry, but we still believe that -- go on.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: I was going to push back -- pull back to the SBQ. I just needed one clarification. Your assumptions on the 2-year payback, does that assume any benefit from a fuller product line on your existing mix? Or is that just looking at the new incremental?
Richard P. Teets: It's only incremental. And actually, the whole justification is such that we only plan to operate the new line half of the time with 2 crews, and so it's a very conservative justification.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Inc.: Okay, great. Yes, sorry to interrupt you, Mark, but I wanted to get back to the upside. Okay, so there is room, potentially, for that kind of -- the kind of returns could be higher?
Mark D. Millett: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Jefferies.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Can you talk about the Pittsboro expansion? Obviously, you're bringing on a second rolling mill and some new capacity. Can you talk about the timeframe you see to fill that up? And what's the level of interest you feel you're taking market share, that kind of thing, sort of, as this comes online here? How much of the new capacity is spoken for and how long do you think you get -- it takes to get all the way up to that 950 number?
Richard P. Teets: Needless to say, the full capacity of the -- of that mill is almost 100% of it is being -- can be taken from others. Very little of it is already ours. We have not been rolling very much small bar product because we did not have a precision mill in line. We could roll the small product before, but we didn't have the necessary mechanical equipment in line to hold the tolerances that some of our competition did, and therefore, we basically avoided rolling those products. Now we will have the capability of providing the very best product that anyone can provide. And so therefore, we will be out after all the very critical components. We've already been grooming our customers to expect the products available and have had dialogues. We've, again, started the process of, I guess, soliciting the grades, and we're well on our way to attempting to fill it up. Some of the larger products on that size may come from existing stuff we do, and it'll just free up a little bit of capacity on our existing mill. Some of the blooms, we will be shipping down, ultimately, maybe 10,000 tons a month or so from Columbia City. And so Columbia City's melt shop is working with the melt shop from Pittsboro to understand what the expectations would be. And so far -- so the whole gamut of people who are going to be playing in that field are already being exercised.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, just to quantify that market, the 3.625. The 3.625 diameter dam [ph] is roughly 50% or so of the whole SBQ, engineered bar market, which typically is 8 million to 10 million tons. So we're looking for 325,000 tons out of 4 million, 4.5 million ton market. So it's not a massive bite of the apple. And Dick and Gary and his team have positioned the mill incredibly well. They've got exceptional quality, perhaps equal to, if not the best in America today. Our on-time delivery is phenomenal. And I think there's a focus on engineered solutions and the relationships they have with the current suppliers is second to none. So you put all that together, you've got the largest single-site source of SBQ and Engineered Bar Products in the country, which also brings a lot of logistics value to the customer. So we're actually very excited. It's -- the steel industry is a challenging environment, but I think Dick and the team have done a great job positioning that mill for success.
Richard P. Teets: And just one last note that Gary and the team there have not ignored the requirements of testing out, finishing and testing and so forth. And therefore, they've completed the project with all the necessary tools to deliver the full scope and the gamut of products required for, whether it be forging or any of the tough requirements that the customer might demand.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: All right. Second question relates to the new head-hardened rail, or the premium quality rail, talk a little bit about the ramp-up there. And then, and this is just something maybe I should know, isn't there sort of a good argument that all rail should be premium rail, and that it would last longer and that sort of thing? Is there going to be sort of some transfer of market share kind of from you to you, as you bring on this premium rail?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think the answer to the last question is the easiest to say. And it's that transfer from standard rail to premium has been going on for years, back when we built the structural mill, and I -- we have the capabilities to roll rail into it. Percentages of head-hardened rail was probably 25% or so. And now, it probably exceeded 50%, and it continues to grow. But there's a cost premium, and so therefore, like anything, people make choices. And the reason it's growing it's is because of the cost of taking rail lines out of service for the time necessary to replace the rail and to grind the rail for maintenance purposes. And so each railroad has their own thresholds of acceptable cost and they want to make those decisions. So will all applications move to head-hardened eventually? I sort of doubt it, but more will continue to go that way. Now that being said, what's our startup? Our startup, this is mostly mechanical equipment, and so the startup of the equipment isn't necessarily complicated and so forth. It's movement, physical movement, and then just the associated interlocks and speed control and the like. What we've tried to do is be conservative in our statements because this is brand-new technology. This is being developed by us, and therefore, it's  there's nobody else out there we can walk to or call and say, "Hey, why can't we get this exactly right?" This is some of the most critical product that SDI will be supplying to any market with high liability, and therefore, it's not going to be delivered to a customer with anything but the most thorough of testing and acceptances by ourselves, by our customers and by third-party testing agencies. So we have tried to be resistant to being cheerleaders and yelling at the top of our lungs. The first quarter, you're going to see the impacts. The tonnages, I think, we've tried to say will be coming out of the equipment, and we will be putting it into standard rail applications as we do our testing, and we're going to minimize the yield losses and try to minimize any of the impacts to our bottom line. But there won't be an immediate revenue gain to the head-hardened product line until second quarter and later. But we're going to develop it as soon as we can. So it's not like a piece of equipment that we need to learn how to physically move the equipment through it, or the product through it, it's pretty simple. It's the process technology of making the product right and how deep does the head-hardening go, and can you make it each and every time you make the chemistry, and is the chemistry valving heat after heat after heat along the full length of the 320-foot bar, inch by inch and so forth. And so all the way around the head and around the -- all the way to the flange and so forth. So it's a complicated product, and we will make sure it's right.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, just to add. I think -- I actually attended the AREMA symposium or exposition, or whatever, here a few weeks ago, and it was incredible, the enthusiasm level of the major railroads and -- well, the mining railroads, for that matter, had for our potential entry into the market. They have lacked good options in the past. And I think Dick and Russ [ph] have positioned the company well there. Technically, the stripping rate of rail this year is going to exceed 200,000 tons, which is higher than our earlier expectations, which I think is a testament to their excitement and our future ability there. The market began to calibrate its, typically, 800,000 to 1.3 million tons through thick and thin. And if you look at the CapEx spending announced by the major railroads for huge infrastructure improvements, given the shale gas and oil phenomenon that's going on, the projection is about 1.5 million to 1.6 million tons a year in sort of 2016 to 2017-ish. So I think we're in a great position to leverage that expansion of the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. One on my fabri and one on the utilization rate. On the fabri nugget, can you tell us what was your current cash loss was in the third quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: Sal, I don't have that with me. I would just suggest that from a consolidated perspective, the number we keep talking about is the impact to consolidated SDI, and that's because of the complexity of the joint ventures in Minnesota. And, again, that loss was $10.6 million. I don't have the cash loss available, my apologies.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fine. And also, Mark, you mentioned that you are transferring the transfer cost for pig iron, you're using $380 per ton. I thought that price at NOLA is right now $400 plus, so won't it be  should be higher or you think that's the right number?
Mark D. Millett: We just have a slight discount to the mill. And also, it takes into account a slight difference in transportation cost from NOLA to Butler versus Minnesota to Butler.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. On the utilization rate, when I look at the math -- do the math of your 89% utilization rate and look at what the shipment was, I just can't come to that 1.5 million tons of latent capacity you mentioned. I was just wondering, are you using -- are you including, first of all, tech in that utilization rate or not? And is there something else we are missing in this utilization rate?
Theresa E. Wagler: We're using the capacity -- it's in the investor presentation now, but we're using a Flat Roll capacity of 3 million tons; a structural rail capacity of 1.8 million; engineered, currently, still at the 625,000; Roanoke is at, I believe, 650,000; Steel of West Virginia is at 350,000; and then the techs around 1 million. So we include that 1 million tons from the tech.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And one more thing on the utilization rate, Mark, did you mention that the structural mill rate is 70%?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: The structural mill in the third quarter ran at 70%, yes.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are you already shipping rounds to Pittsboro ahead of the finishing of construction, or you haven't yet shipped that?
Richard P. Teets: Well, Sal, I don't -- we don't ship -- we don't make rounds. So I'm not sure.
Mark D. Millett: You're talking about blooms?
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes, I'm sorry, blooms, are you going to ship blooms from structural mill to...
Richard P. Teets: We're not shipping any from Columbia City. And we won't ship any until there's a need. I mean, again, the charge from me to Pittsboro is take as few as you can because we don't want to make any transportation company rich. So their charge is to continue to service themselves until they can't, and they're going to be charged with always maximizing the utilization of their own melt shop.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Because I thought that...
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the increase, the 70% utilization, Sal, I guess where you're getting that, it wasn't inflated by bloom shipments from internal transfer. It all came from increased wide-flange business.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. That's what I actually wanted to reach at. And also, I thought that you were going to ship some blooms over there eventually, and that would help you utilize the structural mill more than what it is being utilized right now?
Mark D. Millett: That's certainly the intent. We wouldn't envision Pittsboro being able to facilitate all its needs for some time. But as Dick said, in a year or so, the intent is for them to drive their own ability internally and not make a trucking company or the railroads rich.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, our margins for next year show toward end of the year Columbia City is starting to supply some blooms to Pittsboro. And Columbia City apparently does sell some blooms to Steel of West Virginia as our Roanoke plant sells some blooms to Steel of West Virginia.
Mark D. Millett: If you think of the additional need of 350,000 tons of blooms, again, I think it's safe to say that there's a material matter of that will be moving from Columbia City for the foreseeable future, though.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Luke Folta with Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: My first question, just on the current market situation, so there's been some things that have helped out on the supply side, some other mill outages, and it looks like the distributors have destocked a bit, and I understand that's probably having a positive impact on your ability to perhaps get pricing. But I wanted to dig deeper on the demand side. It seems like all year we've been fairly stable, strong auto and weakness in a number of other areas. But when you look at the most recent few months in the MSCI data, it looks like we're starting to climb out of that. And I'm just curious to if you have any comments on whether you think we're at a potential inflection point in terms of end-user demand pickup or maybe restocking or something like that at the user level?
Mark D. Millett: Well, again, for us, market wise, on the street side of our business, automotive has been very, very strong for us. Manufacturing is good. Again, optimism, great optimism, actually, at least from my personal perspective is created from the increase in residential order profile that we're seeing in HVAC and raised garage door panels, that sort of thing, because that obviously is the basis of a good sound economic recovery eventually. The automotive manufacturing is flowing through in our SBQ mill. It's seeing better order activity, it's certainly rebounded from the second half of last year. And engineered bar ran at around about 82% utilization for the quarter. So things are good there. Steel of West Virginia is the beneficiary of still a strong transportation market out there. Freight is moving. The truck trailer fleet age is pretty old, so that needs to be replaced, and we'll, I think, in at least our minds, continue that strength for a couple of years, yes. Roanoke in the merchant shapes, a little sort of sideways, a lot of competition there. And again, quarter-over-quarter utilization was, I think, pretty -- actually, it went up a few points. But again, kind of steady, but yes, tough on the margin front. And again, with optimism, the structural mill is definitely seeing some benefit here. Wide flange business was up. Rail was off slightly, quarter-over-quarter, I think it may have been a little seasonal. Dick, yes?
Richard P. Teets: Yes. Because like right now, we're already into the 2014 season and hence, the shipments will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, but third quarter is usually a lag from insulation going to other well plants.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. The thing to drill into the essence of your question, I think inventories, MSCI data has bounced around a little bit, but we see inventories still being incredibly tight through the supply chain. And as I've said in the past, I think, perhaps we're closer to an inflection point than most people think. That being said, it's not going to happen the next few weeks. I mean, we're projecting just a continued slow incremental improvement in the demand picture.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just a follow-up, as you look at uses of cash going forward, you're going to be wrapping up work at -- for the SBQ mill and some of the rail stuff. What -- I mean, do you see the potential for meaningful projects next year?
Mark D. Millett: I think, as Theresa mentioned, our cash flow from operations is incredibly strong at $180 million, $185 million. You back off CapEx, it's still $130 million or so, which is, I think, an admirable position to be and a credit to the team. And we paid down, over the last, well, I guess, 12 months or so, we paid down about $275 million in debt. That's improved our interest payment position by some $30 million or so going forward. And I think the team feels we should continue to pay down a little more in that vein and help our leverage some. We also saw an increase on our dividends by about 10%. I think that was well-founded, and I think we would like to see a solid sort of future dividend profile going forward. Share buybacks wouldn't be -- although we continue to frequently look at that, that's not a preferred use of our cash right now, because we think we have further organic growth to get done. And over the next year or so, companies are looking at the asset portfolios, and I think there's going to be some realignment, and there may be some acquisition activity, don't know. But we certainly want to maintain our sort of gunpowder, i.e., a solid financial foundation for doing what, I think, we've shown in the past, and that's growth.
Theresa E. Wagler: Luke, to answer your question specifically, maintenance capital for all our operations to keep things in pristine conditions tends to be around $85 million or $90 million per year. So you at least have that base level of capital investment next year. And then even when we model internally, we never really look at capital investments of less than $100 million per year because there's always some sort of investment. But we're in the process of going through a detailed projects analysis now. We'll be able to talk more about 2014 capital investments probably in January.
Luke Folta - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just I was just trying to get a sense of is the prospect of doing something like $1 billion plus new mill that you've talked about in the past, is that even in the thinking for 2014 of announcing or doing something like that?
Mark D. Millett: That's not on the radar screen. All opportunities are on the radar screen. That is a dull sort of blinking dot, and obviously, we assess all the opportunities as we go along.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing on flat rolled hikes that are out there, been out there for about 3 weeks. How's customer acceptance been going, reactions, that sort of thing?
Richard P. Teets: Well, as you read, there's been an upward pressure, and we are responding in kind. Needless to say, I think the market is always pushing back, but people recognize that the economy continues to improve a little bit. Demand-supply remain in balance. You see the imports. Level of imports have increased a little bit in painted and galvanized, and we continually watch that. So it's  you can interpret it.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Have you seen any sort of noticeable change in lead times since the announcement?
Mark D. Millett: Well, our lead times for hot roll are 4 weeks out, which is something that we tend to control. We don't allow the market to control that. We want to make sure that we can sort of leverage or exploit any of the upward tick in pricing or at least maximize that opportunity. So typically, our hot roll core lead time is 4 weeks out, and it's solid right now at that level. And our value-added products are further out than that.
Richard P. Teets: Almost through the end of the year on value added right now.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. So I would, I guess, encapsulate it that the hikes have certainly stabilized the market, it certainly has appreciated price over the last couple of months for sure. And at least, our order books are robust.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And maybe something -- a similar question on SBQ. I think we've seen some destocking, some weakness in SBQ pricing through a lot of this year. Are you starting to feel that we're bottoming out now?
Richard P. Teets: Yes, we're negotiating right now prices for the first quarter of '14. And of course, we're always under pressure, like anytime. But we're trying to hold the line and extend the current pricing. But we'll see where it all falls out, that's our position is that things are still good, and we'd like to see it extend where it's at.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just one final one. In your conversations, I believe, you've mentioned that the industry might see some M&A activity in the space next year. What were you thinking there? Does that have something to do with the spin of the SBQ assets, or is there something else that you see going on?
Mark D. Millett: No. I guess I was just suggesting that a lot of companies out there are -- I think have publicly indicated their assessment of their portfolios and where their core assets may or may not be and there may be opportunities that come up. But again, we've got no -- nothing on the radar screen that we'd want to share with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Wanted to just ask a few quick questions to try to get a little bit more of a read into the fourth quarter and beyond. You mentioned the paint line improvement, so really wanted some more detail on what's happening there. Similarly, we heard that there was an outage, I think, on the rolling side at Butler, so wanted to know a little bit more about kind of when that happened or what that might mean. And then, I think those were the 2 big ones. But just to the extent you could talk a bit more about the downstream and what you're seeing there would be helpful please.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. As you know, Timna, we tend not to guide until sort of the latter part of the middle of the quarter and prefer to retain that philosophy. But I think it would be reasonable to expect some seasonality in some sectors of our business. And we do have outages at -- typical scheduled maintenance outages of our sheet mill at Butler. And...
Richard P. Teets: We just took a 4-day high planned [ph] outage out in Butler. And during the same, we rebuilt the #1 galvanizing line furnace at Butler. We also rebuilt the Galvalume part [ph] down at Jeffersonville. We'll be taking a 1-week shutdown at a metal tech, it will a week down at -- also in Pittsburgh, we'll be taking Christmas week down at NexTech and we haven't decided yet when Galvatech will go down. But we try to plan these around the mix that we have on the books at the time. We, again, look at what the opportunities are. Some of it are fluctuations in the shipments. Actually, when you look at painted products or galvanized, actually can be accommodated or explained through even just gauge. So as the order book changes, whether it be building products or others, it's really just sometimes the thickness of the steel. So it's not really availability or such. We are doing an upgrade of the galvanizing line at Jeffersonville, adding, I think, another 150 feet per minute speed increase to it, and increasing the capability of the cleaning section and few other things. So that, in the future, will show an increase. But nothing of significance has occurred on -- from a capabilities perspective on any of our coating lines here recently.
Mark D. Millett: And certainly don't want to overemphasize, these are typical of our typical fourth quarter. [indiscernible] taken, these outages, and you're going to see a typical little bit of a seasonality.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. I didn't mean to imply I wanted a Q4 outlook as much just wanted to know, for example, specifically, on the coated products, is that a sustainable increase? There's -- that's a high-margin product, so just trying to get a sense there. And then on the leveling line, what might that add per ton or how do we think about that?
Richard P. Teets: Well, we think that the product value improvement is about $10 a ton, and we think that's a fair value to be asked for. And so that's what we're taking to the street. And time will tell how much of it we sell, because it makes our product dead flat. And it's a great product, especially, as light as we go, we go below 1/40,000 of an inch, and that's a very nice product you actually substitute, in some cases, for cold-rolled.
Mark D. Millett: It's pretty unique, that product, really.
Richard P. Teets: It has strength in cases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Gagliano with Barclays.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a really quick question. On the utilization rate, the 89% in the third quarter, Sal covered some of this earlier. I just wanted to pick your brain a bit on annual utilization rates, how high can that go, given downtime, et cetera, during the course of a year?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I'm not one big on the use of the utilization rate because as an engineer, I'd say you can never get under [indiscernible], but again, like you run a galvanizing line, you can -- when you add zinc, it becomes over 100%, depends on where you take your yield loss. If you -- with us, with the reversing mill, do you cut your heavy head and tail off, you take it at the temper mill, you take it at the galv line. I mean, I'm being sort of being a little sarcastic but these are all truths. And so in theory, as an engineer, you usually say about 93%, you start with your yield all the way through the system. But then, when do you raise it, we said -- I think, we said 600-and-whatever-20 thousand tons at Pittsboro, and yet we know we have more than that in melt because as we run the -- add the second rolling mill, we will be supplying some of that cast product out of the existing melt shop. So therefore, really depends on what the order book currently is and if we have a lot more large bar rather than medium bars, heck, we'll do more than -- theoretically, you could do more than the annualized 620,000 tons, just at Pittsboro. So there is no -- I'm not trying to give you the runaround, I'm just trying to tell you honestly that's an answer that I can't even give you because it can exceeded, over 100%, all depends on mix. I mean just as I said earlier, just trying to gauge of the steel, in the flat rolled world, you can exceed 100%. And you say, yahoo, man, it was a great times but you might even have some more downtime and still have a great performance looking at the tons grow.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just to try and clarify, over the course of a 2-year period, 1- to 2-year period, that number can be over 100% for 2 years, that 89% can be over 100%?
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you no. I mean, just the law of averages comes back. I would tell you we'd like to see -- probably, it would probably end up being in the low 90s. Because we want leaner [ph] capacity, we would report a number that it would reflect an appropriate...
Theresa E. Wagler: To be clear -- let me jump in for a second because you're...
Richard P. Teets: I'm too much of an engineer.
Theresa E. Wagler: You're an engineer. So from the perspective of the actual volume, let's forget about utilization, but from the volume, we can hit that volume that we report. We report volume with the techs of I think 7.4 million or 7.5 million tons. We think that we can hit that mission level. But to this point, if we start hitting it, just like the flat rolled, one point in time, we said the capacity was 2.4 million tons. Well, today, we get capacity of 3 million tons, maybe even...
Richard P. Teets: More than that.
Theresa E. Wagler: A little higher than that.
Richard P. Teets: Our goal is more.
Theresa E. Wagler: When you talk about utilization rate, it gets a little bit more difficult. But from just pure volume, we can hit -- we would be able to produce and sell that volume on an annual basis. Clear?
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's very clear. Okay. So sorry, I'm just doing some quick math. So what you're saying is the 1.5 million, is this -- well, I'm trying to clarify. Can 1.59 million tons annualized, can that grow to more than 7.1 million tons over the next 2 years, excluding all the other products that are happening, excluding but just that 1.59 million, apples to apples, can that consistently be more than 7.15 million tons, which is 100% of that number over the course of a year?
Theresa E. Wagler: It can be, because our total capacity  you're just annualizing a quarter.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Correct. Right. Exactly. I'm annual -- I'm maxing it out at 100% and annualizing it.
Theresa E. Wagler: Correct. But our capacity that we believe we can produce in solid year with appropriate markets is actually 7.4 million tons if you include the operations from the techs. So I would say that's a true statement that, that is possible. Now you obviously [indiscernible] line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question is, just on the premium rail, just a bit of a follow-up but can you just remind us how does purchasing work typically with the rail company? So let's say that the testing goes well in the first quarter of next year, when they start placing orders, how much visibility would you have? Like do you typically place it enough for you to deliver into for a couple quarters, a few quarters?
Richard P. Teets: You're asking about how railroads purchase their rail? Is that what the question was?
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, exactly. I'm just trying to get a sense in terms of how much premium rail, when we might know how much premium rail you would ship next year, assuming all the product testing goes well in the first quarter?
Richard P. Teets: Well, again, I haven't been involved in it for a couple years since I left Columbia City. But I think, towards the middle to the end of the third quarter, if I remember right, is when the inquiries by many of the Class 1 railroads go out and the bids are expected to come in from the rail suppliers and discussions start taking place, and that's when railroads place their expected purchases for the coming year or years. And therefore, that's when you start getting a picture. Now those aren't necessarily guaranteed tonnages but those are the parameters in which the 2 parties are expected to be capable of delivering. And then other factors influence what actually transpires, and higher or lower numbers and changes from head-hardened to standard and so forth can occur. But it's usually by, I would say, by the beginning of the fourth quarter, that picture has become fairly clear as to what the next year will look like.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That makes sense. So that's why you think you're going to ship maybe [ph] more of this in 2015, because '14 will more or less be like product testing, maybe some sampling. And then, hopefully, you gain some contract wins towards the end of '14 and then deliver more earnestly in '15. Is that the correct way to think about it?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Richard P. Teets: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: Then the fixed point, there are contract negotiations going on. I think we're all making some volume commitments for next year. Obviously, there's a lot of spot rail still sold, so it's not as though we are shut out of the market just because we're not going to make a full, full commitment for 2014.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, a lot of our rail right now is  we're at major suppliers like Amtrak and to a lot of the short lines and the regionals and so forth and to the contractors, and we do a lot, we have a large customer base, and most of those are projects. So we did through distributors and direct do quite a bit of work that's going out, even though we don't participate in some of the head-hardened annual bidding. And we didn't have a product, we still bid, put a number out there and say, look, but we have to put qualifier on that should our development not be on time, there has to be an escape clause and we have to work with this. But we truly expect to be a participant by the end of the year.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And Mark, can I get a follow-up on Mesabi Nugget. So as I see it, you've got 3 variables, the uptime, the production while it's up and then the yield. It seems like you've got that 30,000 ton per month production run rate locked down. And then the uptime, so can you drift the [ph] other part of your uptime in yield in terms of uptime, do you expect any outages in fourth quarter and is that an area where maybe it'll run on more consistent basis as we look at 2014?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we certainly hope it runs on a more consistent basis through the end of the year because we need that consistency to fine tune the process and get that yield improvement. We have been running, can run at an input rate of in excess of 30,000, but because the yield's not there, you don't get the finished product at that same level. We do have it identified, as I said, a lot of opportunities for some gains. And the focus for the team is -- well, it always has been on what they're doing up there, purely on getting the cost structure and shape so that by the end of the year, we'll have a very, very good idea of what the ultimate plant's capability is.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Do you have any planned downtimes in the fourth quarter?
Mark D. Millett: For Mesabi Nugget, there are no planned -- well, we had one in September, came up, I think, end of the first week or so of October. But there's nothing planned for the rest of the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with Nomura.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes, Mark, I was wondering if you could elaborate on metal spread trends you're seeing within the business? I know that the sheet market, metal spreads obviously expanded this quarter with price appreciation. But what are you seeing in the long product bar and beam market? Are you seeing spreads expand at all with some of the momentum you're seeing on the shipment side?
Mark D. Millett: I think spreads on the structural side tend to be somewhat flat. I don't see any major drivers there. The market has come off its index adjustment every quarter, which I think is a benefit to us all and perhaps we'll see a little benefit there. On the sheet side, obviously, spreads have improved through this past quarter as pricing has accelerated at a higher rate than scrap. Where scrap is going over the next months, I'll let Russ answer that with the caveat that our crystal ball is only about 3 days out.
Russel B. Rinn: Maybe not even that far. Well, I mean, scrap market certainly it's firmed up in the last few months, and you get -- seasonality in scrap is when winter comes. And if we have the predicted difficult winter, I think the general direction on scrap is going to be firm to many of us over the next 2, 3 months.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then, on Mesabi, just thinking through potential scenarios, if the yield channel just remain and you kind of can't hit the production run rate targets, do you have optionality to sell excess concentrate, third-party, into the market and will you even consider potentially looking to do that as more of a kind of permanent component of that segment for you guys?
Mark D. Millett: I would say, at this point, we still feel there's room for meaningful gains at Mesabi Nugget. That will be seen. Again, as I said earlier, there's a lot of work to do yet. And over the next 2 or 3 months, we're executing the plan that we set for the team. And by the end of the year, we'll know, I think, a lot more clearly as to what the cost structure is and the production capabilities of the plant. At that point in time, I think, we'll assess where we are.
Theresa E. Wagler: That being said, though, I do believe we have the optionality on the iron concentrate coming from mining resources to be able [indiscernible] want to or do we not.
Mark D. Millett: We'll take note of that as time unravels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gibbs with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tyler Kenyon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is Tyler Kenyon filling in for Phil Gibbs. I guess, I'll start on non-res. Could you kind of talk about where geographically you might be seeing pockets of strength or weakness? And is that any different relative to last quarter? And then, I guess, one more on Mesabi. What does cash breakeven equate to on a pretax basis? And kind of at this point, what is a realistic timetable to get to pretax profitability?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I don't want to be redundant on what I already said at Mesabi Nugget, but we will see what that level is hopefully in the next 2, 3 months when they complete the trials on the cost savings and yield improvement opportunities. From a non-res perspective, Chris?
Chris Graham: Yes. I think, we still see that the Northeast and the East are the strongest sections of the country. We're not seeing the levels of improvement in the far West or in the Southeast quite yet. We are seeing some life in the Southeast. I'd say that the Western markets have been slowest.
Tyler Kenyon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, just one last one for Russ. I mean, I know you've kind of talked about the outlook over the next couple of months for ferrous scrap being a little bit more positive. But what do you see in terms of volume and price specifically as it pertains to East Coast and China exports? I know we've seen some significant movements in currency, especially in the lira and just kind of wanted your thoughts there?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I think, certainly, the big exports off the East Coast is the Turks, and they've been fairly mostly absent since about middle of the second quarter. We've actually seen the exports decline probably -- I think, first half is down 20% from the year before on export basis points and it looks like that's continued, at least into the first couple months of the third quarter, a little bit more activity here in the last month in the quarter of September, and looks like it's going to continue somewhat in October. But I think it was interesting because you look at the euro versus the dollar, and normally, when that rate is $1.35 or $1.34, whatever it is now, generally, that brings the Turks back in. But obviously, their currency against the dollar are -- their currency matches up better against the euro than the dollar at this point, so they're pretty  most of their material is out of Europe. I think it's hard. As China's concerned, big impact on our business with China is really in the nonferrous realm. The green fence construction that they've put in early in the year, our imports early in the year, I think we've all -- the entire industry has begun to adapt to it and I think we're now producing product that is exportable, of all the regulations that they established. And I think you'll see those nonferrous export opportunities grow as we get into the fourth quarter and into the first.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Littlewood with Crdit Suisse.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Listen, I just had a question about your scrap business. You've obviously reported consolidated volumes and an average for the entire business. But I was interested in some of the commentary about there being a difference between the profitability of the Southeast region compared to the Midwest. I'm looking at a map, which I'm sure you're familiar with, of all the OmniSource locations, and it looks to me like there's roughly just as many dots in the Midwest as there is in the Southeast. Can I read that as an indication that the volume is roughly kind of 50-50 between those 2 regions? And second part would be are you able to give us a little bit more color on what the difference in earnings is on margins for each of those 2 regions?
Russel B. Rinn: Nathan, the first question, when we look at the dots, the answer is no, the volumes are not 50-50 there, it's more along the line of 2/3, 1/3, maybe even 3/4, 1/4, significantly more volume in Midwest, and so that is part of the difference. The other part of the difference is, I talked about earlier about the Turks and the export market. With China construction in the East Coast, which is where all that export market flows from, that tonnage that's not going export flowing back in, puts a lot of pressure on the local areas, the closest proximity areas, and I think that's a good part of what they're doing. I will tell you that  I do want to make one quick comment on the Southeast, and I will tell you that the team down there, when you look at them from the performance level this year versus the last couple of years, they have made some marked improvements, they have really done a tremendous job. So again, it's a difference of the geography that they're located in, the types of material they're dealing with. Much less [indiscernible] in the Southeast than we deal with in the Midwest. And so some of this product mix, the large part is the proximity to those export markets, valuable when the export markets are flowing, not so valuable when they're not.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the Southeast, they've gone through a considerable cost contraction there and done a great job, and the market has certainly not been good to them relative to the Midwest. To emphasize Russ's point on product mix, the Midwest and just in big round numbers, we -- if you look at Omni as a total, we've got 6.5 million tons perhaps of capability, 4.5 million of that is Midwest, 1.5 million of that is Southeast. But the product mix is dramatically different. The Midwest is squarely focused, or its flow anyway is probably 75% premium grades. And if you look at the premium market through the third quarter, it was off a little bit, but it was relatively stable, and that allowed those operations a little bit more flexibility, some greater option to retain their earnings profile. The Southeast operations are principally obsolete scrap, shredded scrap, which as Russ said, incredibly competitive marketplace. You got the export market competing for that flow, and you've got too many shredders competing for that same flow. And if you look at the market price of shredded, it went down substantially through the quarter. So whereas Midwest had more of a stable pricing on a product mix scenario, the Southeast had to fight a downward trend in pricing almost every quarter, which is not good for a scrap organization.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure. That's very clear. So just to clarify though, if we were to take the Southeast assets out of the mix here and just look at the Midwest stuff, was that 3/4 of the tonnage profitable in its own right or is that making a loss as well?
Russel B. Rinn: No, it's profitable.
Nathan Littlewood - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. The Midwest is profitable and the Southeast is kind of dragging the business unit down?
Russel B. Rinn: I don't know if that's necessarily the case. They're earning money, but again, it's much more challenged in the Southeast overall. And so they've had a tough quarter, but again, I would reemphasize where they've come from on the cost containment and the other efforts that they put into it the last year, they've made huge strides.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Dubinsky with Wells Fargo.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. How much CapEx is being spent on Mesabi Nugget in 2013? And how much is being spent in '14? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark D. Millett: Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: In '13, the CapEx has been a little bit higher and it's not just Mesabi Nugget, but it's what we call Minnesota operations. And so that includes the nugget facility and the concentrate facility. And we just completed or we had some capital raise [ph] at both of those in 2013. So I think the numbers for '13 is maybe $30 million. As it relates to next year, it's a little bit hard to tell. I think the current expectation is that all of Minnesota operations capital next year will be closer to something around $10 million or slightly less. But we'll have to see how the next few months of operations occur to be able to say specifically what that might be.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And you said you didn't have the exact cost structure for Mesabi Nugget realized yet, but any idea what you think it could be if the operations are running 100% utilized?
Mark D. Millett: As we said, we'll give you that in the January call.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, steel fabrications had a good quarter from a shipment perspective. Do you view this as a new level of demand or was there something like an inventory restock that propped the volumes for a quarter?
Chris Graham: No. We've seen steady improvement from a low of about -- the joist demand dropped as much to a level of 40% of historical norms. We'd say it's about at 70%, and that's all come gradually, no step changes, and we see continued opportunities for it to grow steadily. That was all natural increase in an improving environment
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Your major competitor claims to be likely to startup its DRI plant at the end of the year. Presumably, the big impact will be on less imports of Brazilian pig iron. Have you been seeing any panic sales or offers from Brazil? I don't believe you buy much of it, but have they started to come after you to maybe dig in or take some product?
Mark D. Millett: Chuck, we've been out of the import pig iron business for some time, we may have bought an opportunistic [indiscernible] there, but we really don't entertain and don't have a good knowledge of those markets. And we certainly -- I can't remember the last time we bought DRI or HBI from Venezuela or South America. So I can't quantify that. We just follow the flats and the general market news.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: That's why I was asking about whether you were seeing offers. I knew you weren't buying it. But presumably, getting 2.5 million tons of more iron units into the market will have some impact on something. The question is, is do you think it'll be more scrap or where?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, pig iron price will follow the past and wherever prime pricing is in North America, that's going to position the pig iron market. I think on the scrap side, I think it's a commodity business. Anytime you add supply, it's going to have pressure somewhere. I think longer term, we're quite optimistic, Nucor at 2.5 million tons and voestalpine bringing some to market, albeit a lot of it going to Mexico right now, I think they still have some merchant coming into -- will have some merchant coming into America. But we think that, that will give a little bit of pressure to scrap pricing and stabilize or push it down some, which for us, obviously, is a huge advantage over the integrated mills.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Has the LaFarga been profitable so far?
Mark D. Millett: What was the question, Sal?
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The LaFarga, the rag mill for copper, has it been profitable so far?
Mark D. Millett: It has not been profitable so far. I would say in the broad scheme of things, it hasn't got much of an impact to our consolidated earnings. The team there continues to increase its market, and I think we are getting to a point where the shipments are going to approach 5 million pounds, right, Russ, in the next couple of months, and that tend to, at least we feel, to be a breakeven point for that facility.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And on the concentrate facility, I'm just wondering if Mesabi is going to run at a lower rate. I was wondering, would you be able to reach the breakeven over there at this low because the cost is very low, certainly? And my guess is your transfer prices, I don't know if you're transferring it at the market price, but when do you think that facility will be profitable or at least breakeven?
Mark D. Millett: Again, it gets a little complex with the movement of materials back and forth between all the divisions up there, but mining resources is certainly profitable already.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Fantastic. Thank you. Well, thank you for those questions. I guess, in closing, just we would all like to thank our employees for their continued hard work, their dedication, their loyalty to our company. We're a family, and all I ask, all we ask, is you be -- continue to be safe each and every day out there. And to the customers on the line and to our shareholders, again, we appreciate and thank you for your support. And with that, from us, have a great day, be safe.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation
Analysts: Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew O'Connor Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, this call is being recorded today, July 18, 2013, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have the company's operating platform leaders, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Chris Graham, President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date, today, July, 18, 2013, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, or as applicable in subsequently filed forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thanks, Marlene. Good morning. Again, thanks for joining us today to discuss our second quarter results and to get our view of the steel industry and along with the opportunities that lay ahead for SDI that I believe will further differentiate us from our peers and continue to grow shareholder value. But before I turn the call over to Theresa's comments regarding our financial results for the quarter, I'd like to introduce Chris Graham, who recently became President of our Fabrication Business at the New Millennium Building Systems. Chris has been with Steel Dynamics from the very beginning. He has a broad experience in both our steel and fabrication operations, and we are more than happy to have him join the leadership team. So welcome, Chris. It's good to have you aboard, mate. So Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. For the second quarter of 2013, our net income was $29 million or $0.13 per diluted share, at the upper range of our earnings guidance of between $0.10 and $0.14. Net sales of $1.8 billion were basically unchanged from the first quarter. However, comparative consolidated operating income decreased $27 million or 28%, as our consolidated gross margin percentage declined over 160 basis points compared to the first quarter. Despite somewhat higher revenues, which spun from higher volume, operating income from our steel operations decreased $34 million or 28%. The culprit was metal spread. Steel metal margins compressed in the second quarter as our average overall quarterly steel price per ton shipped decreased more than the cost of scrap used for our furnaces, most notably at our sheet and structural steel operations. Overall operating income per ton shipped for our steel operations decreased from $85 in the first quarter of this year to $59 in the second quarter, a 31% decrease. Operating income from our metals recycling operations, or OmniSource, decreased $9 million from first quarter results, resulting in second quarter profitability of $16 million. During the quarter, ferrous volumes decreased slightly and metal spread expanded 2%. In contrast, nonferrous volumes decreased 9% and metal spread declined 10%. Directionally, fabrication continues to be a bright spot for us, which is a positive sign for nonresidential construction. Shipments increased 11% in the quarter compared to the first quarter results, and operating income, although a smaller number compared to our other segments, improved more than 50%, making it our fifth consecutive quarter of profitability since the severe downturn in nonresidential. Gross interest expense for the second quarter was $32 million, compared to $35 million in the first quarter and $41 million in the second quarter of last year, over a 21% reduction from a year ago, a significant benefit derived from our refinancing activity. We're very pleased with the execution of our capital structure initiatives that were initiated in the fall of 2012, and more recently, in March and April of this year. In early April, as part of the completion of our most recent transaction, we decreased total outstanding debt by $100 million. We've created even greater long-term strength and sustainability on our capital structure through both debt reductions, the extension of our debt maturity profile and through the meaningful reduction in interest burden. Our year-to-date effective tax rate was 36.5%. However, our second quarter rate increased to 40.3%, as the first quarter effective rate included a favorable adjustment related to 2012 research and development tax credits that were approved by Congress in January. Based on current expectations, our full year effective rate is expected to be closer to 38%. You may have noticed that our diluted shares in the second quarter were lower than usual. We were required to exclude this share impact of our convertible notes because the result would've been anti-dilutive or, in other words, would have actually slightly increased our diluted EPS during the quarter. At June 30, outstanding shares were 220.7 million. Cash flows from operations provided $33 million of funding during the second quarter, similar to the sequential first quarter result of $30 million. Customer receivables rebuilt from lower levels at the end of March, as net sales increased in May and in June time frame. There has not been deterioration in portfolio quality. Days outstanding and overall credit profiles remain good. Reduction in accounts payable and accruals, including a $28 million payment for estimated taxes, reduced cash flow in the quarter by $42 million. We currently don't expect significant working capital fluctuations any time in the second half of the year. At March 31, our liquidity totaled $1.3 billion, just less than the $1.4 billion that we had available at the end of the first quarter. It includes available cash of $244 million and the benefit of a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility that remains undrawn. Our credit metrics remain strong and well within any covenant requirements. Total debt is $2.1 billion, with minimal secured borrowings of less than 15%. Our net debt is $1.85 billion, resulting in net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA of 3.2x. If you add back the refinancing charges in the trailing EBITDA number, that number -- that addback is about $25 million and our net adjusted leverage is then 3.08x. It's still slightly above our preferred level of 3x, but we believe we'll be back in line very shortly. Capital investments in the quarter totaled $49 million. Of that, $35 million related to our steel operations, primarily for the continuation of the engineered special bar quality rolling mill expansion and the addition of premium rail capabilities. Both projects are on schedule to be commissioned at the end of this year. Our current estimate for full year 2013 capital investment is in the range of $200 million. This is slightly less than our early estimates. Mostly, it has to do with the timing of payments toward the end of the year with our larger projects. We consider over 75% of that $200 million investment to be growth oriented for projects that are intended to increase capacity, efficiency and margin in future periods. Current maturities of long-term debt increased in the quarter to $324 million. This primarily represents the $287.5 million convertible senior notes that mature in June of next year. There are 16.7 million shares underlying the security. We're comfortable with the timing of the maturity and believe we have many options available to us, including partial or forward payment with available cash and various other refinancing alternatives. The strength of our balance sheet is derived from our low-cost, highly-variable operating platforms, which provide strong cash flow generation. Our strong, resilient capital structure has the flexibility to sustain not only current operations, but to support future growth. Lastly, I know there's many of you on the call that like to track the specific commodities within our Flat Roll division, so I'd like to give you the second quarter shipments now. We shipped 307,000 tons of hot rolled, 102,000 tons of pickle and oil, 24,000 tons of cold rolled, 119,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 53,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 89,000 tons of painted product and 26,000 tons of Galvalume, resulting in 720,000 tons of shipments. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, great. Thanks, Theresa. And to begin, I'd like to commend our team for their continued safety improvement. Our performance has consistently been better than industry standards, and we strive toward 0 incidents, absolutely no accidents, and we continue to make progress towards that goal. Roughly 75% of our 125 locations worked the first half of 2013 without a single recordable incident. My hats off to each and every one of those facilities. It's a tremendous, tremendous record. And my thanks to each and every one of our dedicated employees for continuing to keep safety the top priority. There is nothing more important, we believe, than the safety and welfare of each and every member of the SDI family. Switching gears, from my perspective, the domestic economy continues to experience constrained growth. GDP, although slightly improved since our last call, though, remains weaker than we needed it to be to support meaningful growth on a sustainable basis. Misunderstood or perhaps misinterpreted messages from the Federal Reserve seem to fuel general skepticism that the likelihood of sustainable growth absent [indiscernible] support. Although consumer confidence improved in the second quarter, it's still not where it needs to be, and the broader market dynamic continues to be influenced by forecasts of negative growth in the European community and slowed growth in China. For us, steel order input rates softened early in the quarter, as import activities spiked and as many customers expected steel prices to decrease in sympathy with ferrous scrap prices. April Flat Roll imports were over 10% higher than the 2013 monthly [ph] average, and May long product imports were over 35% higher. These factors, coupled with continued domestic oversupply, decreased sequential quarterly steel prices, especially in our sheet products and our structural business. However, later in June, and certainly so far in July, our sheet operations have experienced extended lead times for certain products, and as such, pricing has increased in tandem and is supporting the recent range. This is supported by incremental improvement in demand, coupled with reduced domestic sheet production capacity that has gone off temporarily -- off-line for various reasons. I continue to think that the key macro drivers that predict steel consumption still support optimism through the second half of 2013, and certainly in the years ahead. The most recent growth forecast for the automotive market indicates a 16 million build rate for 2013. Construction spending, albeit still low, continues to improve, up over 6% for 2013. And the seasonally adjusted construction spending in May was 5.4% higher than a year ago. Despite the disappointing June data [ph] , I believe residential construction appears to have sustainability. Housing starts increased through May and have materially improved over 2012. June housing starts were still up 10% year-over-year and permit's up 16% year-over-year. This certainly bodes well for future nonresidential construction activity and the overall ABI index also benched up over 50 after taking a 1-month dip. And more importantly, I think beyond the macro market indicators, we're seeing these improvements incrementally in our order book. In addition, and perhaps a little longer term, there are still many companies with significant cash positions, and when coupled with the low interest rate environment, will eventually lead to fixed asset investments. And as I mentioned before, over the even longer term, inexpensive shale gas has the potential to make the U.S. energy long, providing a tremendous incentive for fixed asset investment and associated job growth and thus, strong growth for steel-related consumption. We will be the beneficiaries of that associated economic growth as we leverage our latent production capacity. Since 2008, we've expanded capacity, and though we have been shipping at record levels these past few years, and so far in 2013, market conditions have prevented us from leveraging our full production capability. As nonresidential construction demand strengthens, all our platforms can benefit. In 2012, we had approximately 1.5 million tons of steel capacity that was not utilized due to these market conditions. Of that, about 55% of those tons had a very high correlation to the nonresidential construction market. As domestic steel mill utilization improves, so will the demand for ferrous scrap, benefiting our metals recycling operations. Similarly, we have over 150,000 tons of additional fabrication capacity directly tied to nonresidential construction in our pocket. In aggregate, I believe we have greater leverage to the recovering construction sector than our peers. Focusing on steel. It was a challenging quarter, particularly for our steel sheet and structural operations. As noted, steel imports increased and selling values declined, thus, compressing metal margins. Heading into the third quarter, however, we believe the recent price increases for steel sheet will remain intact, as the supply and demand dynamic has resulted in extended mill lead times. In spite of a challenging market, coupled with planned maintenance downtime in our Flat Roll and Engineered Bar divisions, our second quarter production utilization rate was still 83% as compared to 89% in the first quarter. But more importantly, on a year-to-date basis, we continue to perform above the industry average, which attests to the dedication of our employees and the diversity within our product portfolio. Our Structural and Rail division's utilization rate continued to improve, achieving 65% in the second quarter, slightly higher than the prior quarter and 12.5% ahead of the second quarter 2012. Domestic metals recycling industry experienced another volatile quarter. We indicated in our second quarter guidance we anticipated some challenges, and that was indeed the case. Where ferrous volumes and metal spreads were relatively flat, nonferrous was quite the opposite. Volumes there and margins decreased meaningfully, as index nonferrous pricing declined between 10% and 15% in some cases. I think China's enforcement of the Green Fence has definitely reduced nonferrous export demand and, in turn, has contracted metal spread. In fabrication, once again, we are pleased to report that our fabrication business delivered its fifth consecutive profitable quarter, so the momentum there is great. The team continues to make inroads in the market using the benefit of our national footprint. We see a strengthening trend in our quote and more importantly, order activity. And we continue to see improvements in that business as Chris and the team are focused on the right market opportunities: continue to gain market share and improve operating efficiency at our newer locations that are ramping up. Our pioneering efforts in Minnesota continue to make steady progress. As we indicated in our first quarter report, we took a planned outage during the month of April in order to make certain equipment and process changes. The upgrades were installed successfully and the gradual restart of capacity is going well. The facility achieved production of 25,500 metric tons in June, with a plant availability of 84%. With continued improvement in plant availability and operating rates, production is still expected to reach a 30,000 metric ton monthly rate before the end of the year. We anticipate the impact of losses really to Minnesota operations for the third quarter to be somewhat similar, maybe a little improved when compared to this past quarter, as we focus on production ramp-up and most importantly, production yield and consumption rates. We believe we could be at a breakeven run rate exiting 2013, so our expectations to-date, anyway, have not changed, although there is still much work to be done. Relative to our other iron operation, Iron Dynamics, I believe another congratulations to the team is in order. They achieved a record quarterly production of 62,500 metric tons of liquid pig iron. Their contribution to the Flat Roll's division -- Flat Rolled division's positivity shouldn't be overlooked, and I think it's a wonderful sustainability story, as they are now 100% recyclers of steel mill wastes. A reflection on our entrepreneurial culture, we continuously work to create opportunities rather than just wait for market dynamics to improve. I think several organic growth projects have been implemented in 2013 that will provide increased earnings potential specific to Steel Dynamics. I talked about each of them the last quarter and I'm happy to say that those projects are all on track and on budget. And I think a quick recap of the 2 larger and more impactful projects. At Engineered Bar division, it's adding 325,000 tons of production capacity for high-precision, smaller-diameter bars that will further broaden our product portfolio. This project will make our facility the largest single-site supplier of engineered and SBQ bars in North America, with an annual production capacity of 950,000 tons. As I said, the project is on schedule and on budget and is expected to be commissioned in the fourth quarter of this year, with no material interruption of current operations. Also, in capacity, a potential 200,000 tons of semifinished blooms could be supplied by our Structural and Rail division, thereby effectively diversifying their product mix and increasing through-cycle utilization. And that should moderate earnings volatility at the bottom of the cycle in the future. We're also excited about the addition of premium rail production capability at our Structural and Rail division, an additional avenue to increase the mills through-cycle utilization and to further diversify our markets with value-added products. Construction has also started on this project, and it, too, is on budget, on schedule and set for commissioning close to the end of this year. We will have the capability to produce up to 350,000 tons of standard strength and premium rail for North America's railroad industry. Test material has already been approved by several of the major domestic railroads. And I think the new rail capabilities will position us to become North America's preeminent rail manufacturer for rail quality and straightness and dimensional control. Furthermore, the product will provide exceptional customer value, adding the capability of 320-foot weld lengths that can be further welded into 1,600-foot strings, which significantly reduces the installation time and track maintenance costs for the rail customer. But as I think you can see, the company continues to drive towards maximizing opportunities to effectively and efficiently perform through the cycle to maintain a sustainable differentiated business from our peers. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model, whether in good or challenging times. In keeping with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout the company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth, whether new products, new technologies or new business lines. We are focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, committing to the highest levels of quality and timeliness, and importantly, to partnering with them to deliver not only the needs of today, but their needs for the future. The focus is toward not only top-level revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide consistency to our margins and provide our shareholders with returns that demonstrate our commitment: Making Steel Dynamics the preferred investment decision. The strong character and fortitude that our employees continue to demonstrate is exceptional. Their passion and spirit drives them to excellence and to outperform our peers, both operationally and financially, while maintaining our low-cost, highly-competitive position. I'd like to thank each and every one of them for their continued hard work and dedication, and to remind them, guys, always be safe, both at work and at home. And so with that, Christine, I'd like to open the call for any questions, either for me or for the leadership team.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brett Levy with Jefferies.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: You said that lead times have extended significantly, particularly in sheet. Can you give some sense as to sort of how far out and maybe even break it down a little bit between the various grades of sheet your lead times have gotten to at this point?
Mark D. Millett: I think Dick can probably give greater color, but I think in sheet, the value-added finished products are probably 8 through August and September, and I think hot band [ph] Dick is...
Richard P. Teets: Probably in August. At August, pickle and oil in the end of August then hot-rolled galvanize is in late August and the...
Mark D. Millett: 8 [ph] weeks.
Richard P. Teets: Yes. Even into September, so forth, yes.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: And in terms of, I don't know, additional price increases, is that something that's being contemplated? Or is it just sort of kind of catching up with the ones that have already been announced at this point?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the market is certainly firmly entrenched and solid where it is. It should remain at least stable there. I think the -- obviously, the market will dictate pricing going forward. There is a little bit of a headwind currently, I guess, for a great upward movement because of the spread between domestic and global pricing. But certainly, would suggest that stable to maybe slightly up for the rest of the year.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: All right. And then the last one actually, I mean, this is probably a tougher question with prices now going back up again. But on the trade front, can you guys sort of talk about anything you're doing to kind of stem the tide of imports at this point? Or sort of how discussions went in Washington?
Richard P. Teets: On that, I'd just say that we watch all of the products that we produce and also ones that we supply to our customers. And we talk to our trade attorneys and we know that they also represent competitors of ours, and we participate in any and all trade cases where we believe we have the legitimacy, and we will continue to aggressively pursue what we believe are unfairly-traded products that enter our markets.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Brett, the recent OCTG filing could be beneficial to us, in Butler, for sure. I think, just generally, we wish that the administration, would just enforce -- if nothing else, enforce the current laws. We have a reasonably effective gauge relative to import licenses, and our problem in this country is that we have to prove harm before any action is taken as opposed to being a little proactive and utilizing the system that we have in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Englert with Jefferies.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Was there a negative impact on results from the outages during the quarter and the previous inventory build in anticipation of those outages?
Richard P. Teets: Well, needless to say, anytime you have an outage, there's a negative impact because you're not producing, you're not compressing your fixed costs and so forth, so of course. We anticipated our outages. They went as planned. We were very satisfied with the durations and the extent of the expenses that were incurred, and so they weren't negative as far as any surprises that resulted. But from a financial perspective, overall, of course, they were impacted, but the results were as expected.
Theresa E. Wagler: The only thing that I would add to that is they were particularly impactful only because of the 2 divisions that ended up taking their maintenance outage in April, because they are 2 of our more profitable divisions at most times, which is our Flat Roll division and Engineered Bar.
Richard P. Teets: We also took outage at Roanoke, we took outages as we required them in any of the divisions that had them scheduled, and so it just became more visible at those 2, yes.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Are you able to quantify at all how much that impacted EPS overall for the quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm not prepared to do that today, no.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And for the Magnetation operation and Mesabi there, is Mesabi beginning to see any benefit from the lower-cost concentrate yet?
Mark D. Millett: I think it's starting to see benefit later in the quarter. It didn't see full benefit, in all honesty, because the mining resource operation kind of struggled a little bit with the spring thaw. It's the first time we've gone through that and we sank a couple of some pretty large pieces of equipment in the muck, and we will certainly stockpile and be prepared for that next year, next time around. So the Magnetation material, mining resource material flowing into the Mesabi Nugget wasn't at that -- quite at that $50 per ton range, but I think we'll see some continued benefit through the rest of the year. I think as long as we're talking about Mesabi, because I'm sure there's going to be a question at some point. But as I said, I think they have seen some significant progress since April in both availability and potential operating rates, and the transition actually there is -- or the focus is transitioning from sustaining present operating rate, I guess, you could say, to reducing our consumption rates and getting our yields in shape, such that we can be at the expected breakeven by year end.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And if I could, one last question. Just looking at the pickup in lead times there within the Flat Roll division and -- I guess, how does overall utilization look across the steel operations now in July?
Richard P. Teets: Well, needless to say, they were masked a bit because of the outage that occurred. But we are running very well. We're running our 2 casters basically at full bore at Butler, so we're in the mid 90s, upper 90s at the Butler operations. So we're well set.
Theresa E. Wagler: I think, currently, we would expect utilization to be similar to what we saw in the first quarter versus the second quarter overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one on SBQ. It seemed like the SBQ market was firming up a little bit in April and it slipped a little bit in May and June. Just wanting to get your thoughts there, what you're seeing as far as destocking. Is it mostly behind us? Is there any restocking at all on-site? And also, what sort of impact on the SBQ, I wonder, could we expect from this OCTG case?
Richard P. Teets: Well, the -- from an inventory perspective, it remains steady. It has improved slightly, but it's not as robust as anyone would like. We continue to operate at the same rate at Pittsboro, but we continue to see a redefining of what products we are receiving. We are constantly taking orders for qualifications for products that we have not made in the past, but we will be making on the new mill once it's up and running. And so we are doing those tests and product deliveries and the performance qualifications now. And so we're satisfied with that, but we're not running the mill shop during the day, during the weeks when we don't need to, from a cost effectiveness perspective. From the OCTG standpoint, sure, all SBQ suppliers will see the benefit of it, because there is definitely an impact that will come as people become worried about being affected by the case and ramifications of the charges that occur, financial charges.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just maybe one on Mesabi. We haven't talked about this in a long time, but I assume they're still pursuing the mining permits for the operations up there for the existing iron ore mine? Is that something that's still kind of on your radar? Is that -- where do those stand?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, given the activity at Mining Resources and their ability to supply all our concentrate requirements at a good cost, the priority, I guess, is less up there. We do continue to pursue a permit. It's the -- we've got the rights and the land to eventually reopen that, so there's a lot of value in that mine that we could avail ourselves in the future at some point in time. But I would say yes, we're still pursuing, still on the radar screen, but not as actively, perhaps, as we were 1.5 years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with Nomura.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Mark, I was wondering if you could comment on some of the divergence we're seeing in growth rates among the portfolio. I mean, it seems like the bar markets are showing pretty meaningful year-on-year declines, whereas beam is flat and the sheet market's showing modest growth. Do you feel like that's indicative of just the fact that the non-res cycle is sort of stabilizing and maybe we're seeing, at least on the bar side, more weakness than on the industrial equipment side?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I'm not so sure that we're seeing our bar side depreciate like that. I think we're somewhat steady. I think the -- generally, our order rate at the structurals is sort of steady to up incrementally.
Richard P. Teets: It is. And to the point of the bar, like SBQ, it has rebounded, but it's stabilized. It's -- again, you're right, the off-road [ph] and so forth, because of I think worldwide demand. Many of our domestic customers do supply worldwide. And when it cooled off in South America and in China and so forth, it became a lower demand issue and, certainly, domestically because of the, needless to say, coal mining and so forth that really gotten damper. But when you compare them with the flat rolled, it's a much bigger market. And as we specialize in a number of products, even small improvements in the residential garage doors and so forth, as those improve, the truck-trailer markets, those have strengthened due to distribution opportunities. We see that improvement both in steel at West Virginia and in Butler. They correspond very closely, and so those have strengthened in both of those arenas. So yes, there is some truth to what you're saying, but I would -- I wouldn't characterize the bar market as being -- falling. I think we've been very steady. We don't see yet any rapid growth to it in the second half, but we see it very steady and slightly improving.
Mark D. Millett: And obviously, the largest, I guess, deviance [ph] would be engineered bar year-over-year or first half over first half, and we all recognize, I think, that, that was associated with the inventory realignment.
Richard P. Teets: And we're optimistic with our expansion with our new products coming on. That will be a growth opportunity for us, and necessarily in the market, but we always are looking for opportunities to bring product differentiation and -- into the marketplace.
Curtis Rogers Woodworth - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just one final question on long product pricing. It seems like the last couple of months, you see more shift in the industry to try and to settle the bar and beam prices ahead of the scrap settlement and kind of representing potential shift away from scrap surcharging mechanisms in the long products. I mean, do you guys see that happening? And is that happening in response to trying to establish a price in the market that, kind of regardless of where scrap settles month-to-month, you're going to have a price that will be competitive versus an import, which you identified earlier as seeing a little bit more pressure there, at least in May?
Mark D. Millett: I think the reasoning, obviously, Nucor attempts to be out there ahead of everyone else, and I wouldn't want to speculate on why they're doing it at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: I think this is the first time Mesabi Nugget has beaten your guidance, and it looks like the numbers on Rail were particularly good, SBQ. I mean, everything is kind of cooking in a market that's not. So good for you, guys. I wanted to ask a question about what the outlook for the scrap market is. And in particular, with Nucor starting up their DRI facility in the late third quarter, I was wondering if you could talk about what impact that might have on the scrap market as well.
Mark D. Millett: Russ?
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. Michelle, I think, again, I think they've got to go through the start-ups and, certainly, that will have some impact. But that, predominantly, I think will impact the pig iron and the other substitute markets. Currently, the pig iron markets are showing some strength, and the recent numbers that are being quoted for September-October delivery are actually up. So I think until those plants come online and start producing materials and it gets out in the marketplace, it's just too early to tell. Certainly, there's other factors that are going to impact scrap, where the strength of the euro versus the dollar is going to determine where the Turks buy, and that will have a big impact, particularly on our footprint. But, again, I think the mill utilization rate is going to be the key driver we've got for scrap.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: So you think -- so you're saying that the DRI facility would not -- the sort of the DRI would not provide new capacity of [ph] or impact supply of pig or primes?
Russel B. Rinn: I think it really -- I think it will impact the supply of pig over time, it's just a matter of how long it takes for that to come get up and running. Certainly, that's the primary target that that's going to displace, at least first.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Can you give me some ideas...
Mark D. Millett: I think, as we would imagine, Nucor's going to displace the [indiscernible].
Russel B. Rinn: [indiscernible], yes.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: So wouldn't that depress pig iron prices?
Russel B. Rinn: It'll either depress it or make it unaffordable to bring in.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. And so wouldn't that lower your raw material -- wouldn't that have a knock on effect on primes?
Russel B. Rinn: It will sure impact the [indiscernible]. Again, they will track -- they're all -- it's all talking about iron units in the end. It's whatever iron units -- what the cost of an cost iron unit is. So certainly, any impact is going to move it up or down, depending on what the availabilities are.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Does this depend on where the...
Mark D. Millett: But I think, Michelle, your point, perhaps longer term, is right on point. Because we expect a sort of a softening environment. As iron ore starts to come up, obviously, there's interconnectivity between scrap and iron ore, and so that will bring it down. The -- we're going to have, hopefully, an economic recovery in America, which is going to generate a little bit more flow. And as Russ said, depending on where foreign exchange goes, it may -- in a world where the American economy should rebound before everyone else, one would expect that the dollar is going to strengthen and that's going to mitigate exports. So generally, I think longer term, we feel scrap is going to moderate.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: By moderate, you mean decline?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Russel B. Rinn: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. On the -- as a result of declining iron ore prices?
Mark D. Millett: A combination of things. It just won't be cheap [ph] iron ore, but it's a drop in the commodity prices, a -- the mitigation from export and slightly increased generation domestically as the -- our economy comes back.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. Have you talked about the conversation out there about a potential Turkish rebar case?
Richard P. Teets: You have to say more than that.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. There's a conversation out there about a potential Turkish rebar case. Is it coming? And do you think there are damages? And could you win one? Was that good, Dick?
Richard P. Teets: We're not a -- we aren't a big enough rebar producer to really worry about it, participate in it. I think the legal costs would surpass the earnings that we make on the little bit of rebar we sell, so we're not discussing it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you please remind us of the timing and, if possible, some of the piece of benefit for the start-up of the rail expansion and SBQ expansion? When we should expect benefit, and how much and when it will be fully on, if you can give us some of that timing detail?
Mark D. Millett: Well, the SBQ construction, Dick and I were down there just 2 weeks ago, and it -- as I said earlier, it's going to schedule right now, to budget, and they anticipate commissioning November, December of this year. And so I think you will see ramp-up through 2014. Barry and the team are doing a good job. They're already pre-approving some customer products applications, so that hopefully will expedite the market penetration. And it's -- I wouldn't call it a pioneering effort in any way. It's standard technology. The guys are more than familiar with the mills, the patrols, the dryers and everything. So from an equipment start-up perspective, it should go very rapidly. So our expectation is a good ramp-up through 2014.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So annualized, full start up end of the year?
Mark D. Millett: Sorry?
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Oh, sorry, I'm just clarifying. Annualized, full start up by the end of the year then?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I never say full start up by the end of the year. It's not like you turn the key on and it runs, so there's always a learning curve with new equipment. But we'll be, maybe, at the full rate by the end of the year. That could -- Barry and his team are very optimistic, yes.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I'm sorry I interrupted. On the rail side?
Mark D. Millett: That's okay. Head-hardened rail, again, construction is in progress, it's on budget, it's on schedule. Probably, we'll start seeing some product move through a bit sort of December or January. Is that right?
Richard P. Teets: Yes, yes.
Mark D. Millett: And so, again, ramp-up through 2014. So if you look at just the earnings catalyst for us, 2013 is a little bit of kind of an implementation year. And we have, I think, a lot of good things going on in 2014. We should see some material change in the losses at Mesabi. We're going to see the ramp of SBQ, the ramp-up at rail.
Richard P. Teets: Timna, all I'd like to add about to the rail is that is a new process and a new product for SDI, and that definitely will not be as speedy of a ramp-up in production and in sales and so forth as the SBQ bars. I mean, we're very optimistic about it. We have full confidence in it, but it is new for us in that customers will always be a little more leery and they'll want to see a little bit more testing and so forth, and we've been supplying them with prototype testing. But it's always the proof's in the pudding of the last -- of the final product. So there will be some skepticism of it, and it'll have to be earned. So I just want to put a little cautionary note on that ramp-up.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's super helpful. Then my second question was really about Mesabi. So I just was a little surprised, given that there won't be an outage until third quarter -- I don't think, unless I missed it. Why are you guiding to more of a flat to slightly improved quarter if you're going to be running better and have completed this outage?
Mark D. Millett: Well, again, we are guiding to similar to a little better. Obviously, we like it to be a lot better, but it depends on the rate of improvement in yield performance and the consumption of materials, more than anything else.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew O'Connor with BMO Asset Management.
Andrew O'Connor: Mark, overall, how would you compare and contrast the current domestic market environment with the cycles the company has been through since the crash in 2008 if you were to boil it down to just a few lines?
Mark D. Millett: I would describe it with optimism, I guess. The general market, I think, has a lot of good things going for it. If you look at just the macro drivers out there compared to the crash in 2009, I guess, is where we're comparing it to, you got automotive, solidly strong, 16 million tons -- 16 million unit type rate. And our conversations with the automotive folks are suggesting that this can be sustained for some time to come. As I said earlier, residential -- and I guess, my greatest optimism comes from the rebound in residential this year that we just haven't seen in '09, '10, '11, or '12 for that matter. And that is, in my mind, the foundation for a sustainable sort of job space, sort of economic growth. And as I said earlier, it's beyond the macro market indices, where we're actually starting to see that in our order book. I think, they're seeing it somewhat in the sheet business and serves [ph] and auto, HVAC and radiator, dash, door panel material. Chris is seeing a little bit of a greater activity on the truest application side of things. So I think, in aggregate, any one data point wouldn't necessarily make me excited. But when you put them all together, I think things will -- the momentum is positive. And you couple that with the fact that the service center and supply-chain inventory is at an incredible low -- I don't know what it is, but it's the lowest it's been for several years. I think, and I said this before, but I think we're at a -- closer to an inflection point than a lot of people think. The industry utilization rate is about 79% with service center, inventory is down at 2.3 months. They are living or have been living off our short lead times. And as they start to stretch out, I think one will see a dramatic change, as we did in -- whenever it was, March, April time frame with 2011, when things got a little over kilter, they were short and we saw some great expansion of spreads.
Andrew O'Connor: Got you. That's helpful. And then secondly, what would be the priority for any free cash flow generation by the company in the second half of '13?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we're continually looking at our opportunities. Obviously, I think we've done a pretty good job here recently, paying down a little bit of debt. We also increased our dividend incrementally earlier this year, to bring a little more value to our shareholders. But I think we are squarely focused on, first and foremost, leveraging our existing assets through organic expansion. You're seeing the implementation this year, the SBQ, the head-hardening, smaller but material, I think, the sheet correction line going out in up in Butler and a few other little projects. And I think Dick and the team have some other opportunities for next year. So squarely focused on really effective capital use of expansion. And then obviously, looking at potential opportunities, either around growing product or growing in other businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Parr with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mark and Theresa, I really appreciate all the color that you've given this morning. It's been really helpful. And actually, I think it is important to note, the utilization rates continue to creep up in the face of very low service center inventories. I mean, that could create some very interesting upside for the group, especially in light of the recent underperformance that we've seen in the stocks. But one thing, I'm just wondering if you could add and give a little more color on some of the cost reduction and productivity enhancements going on at OmniSource. This is something a couple years ago that I think you'd spent some time working on, and Russ has been very involved in that. Just like to get an update there if I could.
Mark D. Millett: Russ?
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. We continue -- as we look at the available marketplace and the economic dynamics that are involved in -- across our spectrum, Mark, we continue to look at what the size of our business is versus the markets we serve. And certainly, we had an awful lot of areas where we were probably overstaffed. And I think in the last couple of years, 1.5 years or so, we made a concerted effort to rightsize our business to the markets that they serve. I think our team has done a successful job with it, to try to get those -- get that in balance. I think we're seeing the benefits of it. If you look at the year, last year versus this year, certainly, we are seeing that benefit, as we're more aligned with what our markets are. Again, our business is a trading business. It's a buy-sell business, so we've got to make sure we're keenly focused on it. And again, our team has done a tremendous job of focusing on those markets that make sense for us and, again, moving away from those that don't. Again, at the end of the day, we've got a certain amount of capital that's been invested in this, and we've got to make the return. I think the other thing is -- some of the other things we have done, we've continued to look at refining our downstream. We, this year, have got the benefit of 2 new automotive shredder residue plants, the ASR plants, one in Toledo and one in Indianapolis, that have come online very well. They've had -- they've got bumped up a little bit with a Green Fence in China. But again, our team continues to work on the resolution of that, and I think those things will pay us dividends very well as we further segment the material and recover the material that's actually going into landfills. So projects like that, where we're tweaking and tuning our business opportunities, have worked well for us. Mark mentioned the automotive rebound that has occurred in the last year, and some of that has had a benefit for us, as many of those customers are our customers, and we're buying material from -- or service to -- are coming out of the automotive, as well as many of the customers we sell products to. So again, we're kind of focused on the things that make sense for us, both short term and long term.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Russ, there were some -- if I could just ask a follow-up. Earlier, say, in the April-May time frame, there was some discussion that the auto carcass collectors were withholding material from the market, and just flows in general were a bit weaker than what people were looking for. Could you give an update on how scrap flows are unfolding here for the June-July time frame? Have they picked up from where they were later in the second quarter?
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, they have -- they've been steady. They're not robust, they're not overrunning us, but they've been steady. And -- so I think that's the best categorization for it. I think the inventory in the scrap yards, inventories in the mills -- mill scrap supplies, just like those service center inventories, are pretty thin. So I think you've got an almost direct pull from the consumers. So as the mill rates ramp up, I think you'll see more scrap coming out of the fields. But it has not been a concern, at least not in the last 60 days, of being able to get the flows in.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are you seeing any material coming in from the East Coast, I mean, stuff that was originally headed for export markets and then reverting back to mills here in this country?
Russel B. Rinn: Oh, the answer to that question is yes, particularly when the Turks find Europe much more attractive. Again, they've got the ability to play the currency game between Europe and the U.S. And when the U.S. dollar gets strong, they're going to go to Europe. So we did see -- particularly early in the quarter, we did see a pretty significant impact of mill -- of product flowing back off the coasts.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All right. Do you see that continuing here in the third quarter?
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, I think we will see -- again, it's going to depend upon -- on those currencies and on their...
Mark D. Millett: On the appetite.
Russel B. Rinn: Yes, the appetite. I think the Turks are certainly the driver in that game. There has been some discussion or some rumors of Europe trying to restrict their scrap exports. And if that happens, that certainly will change the game with the Turks in a different direction. But all that is all pure speculation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Haberlin with Davenport Securities.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: You all have showed some nice growth off the bottom in Engineered Bar, and I just wanted to see kind of what your outlook is there. Can you maintain that trajectory? Or are you starting to see demand levels starting to flatten out?
Richard P. Teets: We see it going up, continuing, and so we're comfortable with that direction. And there's no indication that it will, I mean, flatten out. Again, we started from a pretty low, low at the depths of the dropoff. But again, we are very comfortable with the direction, with the pace and with the expansion to help continue that.
Mark D. Millett: And as Dick mentioned earlier, I find it a little exciting that the team down there is getting a lot of new interest with different products, different applications that are going through the approval process, parts that haven't necessarily been available to us before.
Richard P. Teets: Just one general comment. I know Chris didn't ask it in this manner, but with Mark and I making our trip to many of the plants, the enthusiasm across the board at Steel of West Virginia and Roanoke, we're making new parts, Columbia City on the #2 mill. We are developing new parts, new products that -- all of these and the enthusiasm is -- we're not sitting around just waiting for a market to increase. It's not going back to where it was. We recognize the economy. It isn't going to be 2007 again. So we're out there beating the bushes, looking for new opportunities, who's doing what, what parts and sections are being imported, who should we be going after and so forth. So it's very enthusiastic, whether it be Engineered Bar, whether it be Steel of West Virginia. Roanoke is making new small merchant sections [ph] today and they're adding to their portfolios, steel at Columbia City, again, on the #2 mill. So hey, whether it be Engineered Bar or others, it -- we're very thrilled with the pace of product development.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So is it safe to say that your optimism is a function of both underlying improving demand trends, as well as expanding product -- expanded product offerings?
Richard P. Teets: Most definitely. I mean...
Mark D. Millett: Absolutely.
Richard P. Teets: Most definitely.
Mark D. Millett: And as you may have seen -- and again, Dick's point is absolutely on point. We've been challenging the teams to do just that, to use the creativity and the innovation that's driven our success in the past. And as a sort of an emphasis on that, you might say -- you may have seen John Nolan transition to a high-level product development position. Again, that is to try and identify for us what are the needs of our customers, what steels will the automotive guys need 3, 5 years from now. What can we do in tank? What can we do in appliance? Trying to penetrate new markets, partner with our customers to get into that value add and keep ahead of the rest of the industry.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then, Mark, you mentioned elevated long product import levels during the second quarter. How has that impacted margins? And kind of what's your outlook for imports over the back half of the year?
Mark D. Millett: I don't know. Relative to the rest of the year, it -- I think short term has picked up a little bit. And interesting enough, I think, if you looked at the service center shipments into June, structural was up, which -- again, if you think there's a little bit more import here, and service centers typically want a bit more, it tends to do -- solidify the thought that things are slowly incrementally improving. Where they're going to be going forward, I would hesitate to speculate. It shouldn't be any greater than where they are. No drivers for them to be greater.
Richard P. Teets: And it's going to be very fluid. And as someone pointed -- asked earlier, there's going to be trade case discussion, and there's so many external forces that are going to be influencing the desire to buy, the timeliness of it, the exchange rate and so forth, that I don't know how you would speculate through the end of the year.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then just last question for me. As you look out into 2014 with the SBQ expansion and the rail expansion kind of wrapping up here at the end of the year, how do you all think about CapEx just directionally looking into next year?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I'll jump on that real quick. I've got a backlog of stuff I'd love to present, and I know there's limits. And so -- we were very creative on the steel side. I know Chris, and Russ also has theirs, and there's limits to everything. We're being very -- I think we're being very astute with what we're doing here. We have a plan. I think Mark is guiding us down that path. And so there's just lots of opportunities, and we're trying to pick and choose them. We're doing our maintenance where we need to. We focused very much this year on safety projects, quality projects. We haven't looked at a lot of expansion projects. We've done product expansions, but not necessarily capacity expansion, because we have capacities. We're trying to utilize the existing capacities that we have by bringing things to market, but I just want to have fun and throw that out.
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Theresa E. Wagler: And I'll just add to that. We -- Dick is exactly right. We're laughing because usually it's a push-pull between you and I. But additionally, from a maintenance capital perspective, the company can run at anywhere between $75 million to $100 million a year. So when we decide that there's an opportunity to actually add bottom line benefits, then we start to go outside of that. And the hurdle rates that we do look at are internal rate of returns of at least 15% and return on assets of at least 20%. So the projects that everybody has, they understand where they have to get to from a hurdle perspective. Mark, I don't if you have anything to add.
Mark D. Millett: No, I think that's well said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, it seems like at Mesabi Nugget, the team there is making good process -- progress, the needle is moving in the right direction. With the 30,000-ton run rate guidance you guys have given -- because that obviously -- it takes the facility to 75% capacity utilization. What -- how are you guys thinking about the next steps to get it closer to the nameplate and perhaps begin to get a return on capital from that investment?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. The recent improvements -- well, again, the -- look, the confidence of getting to that 30,000 monthly run rate has been boosted here since April, and that has been with, again, some of the equipment enhancements we made and also some process changes. We have not yet implemented the oxygen enrichment. And again, part of the downtime was to put in different burners for oxygen enrichment on the rotary hearth furnace. We're waiting on the installation of the actual [indiscernible] oxygen plant, which is going in, I think, as we speak, and should be available to us. So the expectation is the utilization of the oxygen should increase the thermal efficiency of the furnace and give us some boost in productivity to get us from the sort of a 360,000-a-year run rate up to the 400,000, 425,000 that we have mentioned. I think we also mentioned that the original sort of capability of 450,000, 500,000 is going to be a long way out. So our target is, again, by the end of the year, kind of a 360,000 annualized rate and then get it up to the 400,000 to 425-ish, 450-ish, following that.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the oxygen enrichment, that's helping you get to the 360,000 already? Or is that going to take you from the 360,000 to 400,000 to 425,000?
Mark D. Millett: No, the expectation is that, that gets us beyond that 30,000-a-month rate.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And the second question I got is on the nonferrous recycling, where you guys had some margin squeeze in the quarter. Can you remind me, I thought you guys had hedged out your metal exposure historically, so that you're making that a constant spread on the product? Is that not correct?
Mark D. Millett: We hedge out the marginal spread at that moment in time. But unfortunately, the spreads that we're hedging to are contracted.
Theresa E. Wagler: You can't mix your margin, the same margin, indefinitely. The margin will move with the market. And so we're just not taking risks with either too much inventory supply or too many fixed contracts. So we're keeping a flat book, but that margin contracts and expands.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And the way it's reported, are there mark-to-market losses on those hedged positions that flow through this quarter? Or are they treated as operating cash flow hedges, though -- there's no mark-to-market?
Theresa E. Wagler: No, there is a mark-to-market, that flows through the quarter. And if you look at the third page of our press release, we give it to you for each peak period. This quarter, we had an unrealized loss of $1.6 million, and that compares to a $700,000 gain in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: My question, it concerns the Green Fence in China. Other than radioactive steel scrap, it would seem to me that the dirtiest grades of scrap in any metal are cleaner than virgin output. So the Green Fence isn't really green. Do you think that it's just a tactic by the Chinese to cause #2 or #3 grades of scrap in each metal to trade at bigger discounts so they can buy at cheaper prices? Or do you think they also have such a weak economy that they don't want the scrap or are trying to protect their aluminum smelters or their copper smelters or their -- from competing scrap supply? Clearly, scrap is green.
Mark D. Millett: I can't believe you're being cynical, John, relative to the environmental wherewithal of China. Russ, do you want to tackle that?
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. John, I think the driving -- one of the driving factors was when the new Premier -- the leader of China went out for his opening ceremony, he couldn't see the crowd. But again, the Green Fence is actually -- what they're doing, it's not new regulations, they're actually just enforcing the regulations that are on the books. And what they're really trying to avoid is everybody exporting their trash into China. Certainly, I understand it. Certainly, as we work through, we've got the capability of cleaning it up. But the material that was traditionally exported to China, it certainly was the stuff that we couldn't find at home for without adding a lot of costs to in the U.S. So is there a bit of cynicism? It could be partly due to trying to regulate the flow. But I think as those LME warehouses draw down, they're going to have to open up again. And quite frankly, us included, the scrap industry is going to have to deal with the reality that you're going to have to provide a product that matches up to those specs or face the consequences. And we've been very, very diligent in getting to the point where we can do that on a consistent basis before we start going back in there in a big way. So we're working through that process. Others may or may not decide to take that chance. But again, it's just one of those things that's [indiscernible]...
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Now during better times, the Chinese loved to have containers of electronics scrap so that they could have cheap labor dismantle it and get the copper, the precious metals, or whatever. So it would seem like something is different that they don't think it's economically to their benefit to do that anymore.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, they're trying to raise the metallic content of what they're buying. So again -- so they're not buying a bunch of trash, and I think that's part of the drive towards green in China, to rather limit some of the air pollution that they've got, that -- again, I was watching CBS News last night, and I saw they have an article, and it was -- you couldn't see the Imperial Palace hardly because it's just -- it's terrible. So I understand it was a part of the emphasis. But again, it's our duty as a supplier to react appropriately and provide the customer what he wants.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Just one final comment. I wanted to agree with Michelle. You should sue the Turks. And my father would have suggested much more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Okay. A simple question. Do you have any idea how much of your hot-rolled ends up in oil countries, tubular goods? I understand the difficulties because the pipe mills can vary between making line pipe and OCTG pretty readily.
Mark D. Millett: We're not really a strong pipe and tube supplier, Chuck. I can't give you the number, but it's not something we focus on because that tends to be the bottom in the market.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, we don't -- we make x52, and we've dabbled in making stronger grades. But it's not something that we pursue very much, and so we don't focus on it. And so we don't have access to the river that we ship in down into the Houston market and the tubers. We had some tubing customers, but it's not a big market for us. So I could research it or something, but I don't have any kind of number or any kind of good guesstimate for you, Charles.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Well, if you don't know, then it probably isn't important?
Richard P. Teets: It's definitely not. If that's an acceptable answer, that's my answer.
Mark D. Millett: Probably as importantly, it's probably Pittsboro that we do greater [indiscernible]
Russel B. Rinn: [indiscernible]
Richard P. Teets: Yes, it's Pittsboro.
Mark D. Millett: Just seamless.
Richard P. Teets: And energy products there, both the copper [ph] lines and line pipes and mechanical pipe and tubing for the energy industry. We do quite a bit there.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: So maybe that's what the question should have been. How much of the Pittsboro output ends up in the energy market?
Mark D. Millett: Off the top of my head I want to say it's something like 10%, but it could be as easily 15%. So...
Richard P. Teets: I don't know. I can research it, Charles, and send you an e-mail. I'd be happy to. But again, it's fluid. It's been fluid. But I'll send you an e-mail.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Okay. And another area, there's been some talk around the industry about high-strength rebar. Have you seen any penetration of a market by this product? Or is this something you might be interested in?
Richard P. Teets: There's conversation about it. We've had discussions with the people with the technology. We actually produced it as a -- on a tolling basis at Pittsboro years ago for them, and just got paid to produce it. So we're experienced with the product. And now I know -- and I know the individuals and so forth and the companies, and we've had discussions with them. So we continue to look at it. We continue to consider the changing marketplace, the different DOTs, the applications, both in construction and in highway. And so yes, we're aware of it, and we have an interest, but we haven't done anything with it.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Okay. I'm assuming that next year, when you're facing the large redemption potential or maturity on the convertible, which is, I guess, around $17.50 a share, something like that -- but because of your unused revolver, you can use that to pay it off if necessary. Or would you delay some CapEx to see just which way that goes? Because your stock could go up to $17.50 or above.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. The strike price now, Chuck, is $17.21. And as I mentioned, given the strength of our cash flow generation, too -- because right now, we still have $244 million of cash on the balance sheet. And given the generation expectations for the rest of this year and with no meaningful maturities in the interim, I could see us easily paying that back with cash on hand and revolver. But obviously, when we look at all the capital projects Dick has got in his back pocket since November, that's something that we'll be mindful of as well. Because we're looking at always keeping an appropriate capital structure in line with our growth projects.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well, just thanks, Christine. And thank you, everyone, for your continued loyal support of our company. And most importantly, to other constituents, our customers, we certainly appreciate your loyalty and support. And again, to our employees, thanks for the phenomenal job that you guys do. And from each and every one of us, just be safe out there. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, President of Omnisource Corporation and Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation  Gary E. Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan Sullivan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, this call is being recorded today, April 18, 2013, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have the Executive Vice Presidents for the company's operating platforms, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our Steel Operations; Russ Rinn, president and Chief Operating Officer for our Metals Recycling Operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our Fabrication Operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this day, today, April 18, 2013, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investors Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Super thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. And again, thanks for joining us to discuss our first quarter results and our view of the steel industry and the opportunities that lay ahead for SDI that will further differentiate ourselves from our peers and continue to grow shareholder value. But to change up a little bit, before I do, I'd like to turn the call over to Theresa for comments regarding our financial results for the quarter. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2013, our net income was $48 million or $0.21 per diluted share. This was at the upper range of our earnings guidance of between $0.17 and $0.21. Our first quarter effective tax rate included a favorable adjustment related to 2012 research and development tax credits that were approved by Congress in January. This benefited the first quarter results by $0.01 per diluted share. However, this benefit was entirely offset by charges related to our refinancing activities during March, which decreased our earnings by that same $0.01 per diluted share. In comparison, fourth quarter results were $0.27 per diluted share, which included a tax benefit of $0.07. Excluding this benefit, first quarter results were very comparable to a sequential quarter. Compared to last quarter, volumes improved for all of our operating platforms as did average sales pricing, excluding fabrication. This resulted in sales of $1.8 billion, an increase of 5% over fourth quarter revenues of $1.7 billion. Despite higher volumes and revenues, our gross margin percentage declined 49 basis points in the quarter, excluding the inventory write-down we mentioned in Minnesota as margins compressed in Mills Recycling and we're basically flat in fabrication. Ferrous and nonferrous recycled metals spreads declined 14% and 4%, respectively. In contrast, even though the average steel price per ton shipped increased less than the cost of our scrap for our steel operations, gross margin actually expanded slightly as a result of incremental cost compression related to the increased steel mill utilization rates. Operating income improved to $96 million as SG&A was at a more normalized level as a percentage of sales, and operating income per ton shipped for our steel operations improved 3%. Conversely, our consolidated pretax income actually declined marginally due to refinancing costs of $2 million that are recorded as other expense in the income statement. We also saw a change in our unrealized hedging positions within our Mills Recycling operations, which resulted in $1 million gain in the first quarter, compared to a $10 million gain in the fourth quarter. Gross interest expense for the first quarter of 2013 and the fourth quarter of 2012 was $35 million, compared to $41 million for the first quarter of 2012. This is over a 14% reduction as a result of the refinancing activities we've been engaged in over the last 9 months. We're very pleased with the execution of these initiatives, which were completed in the fall of '12 and more recently, in March and April of this year. Beginning in March and concluding in April, we issued a new $400 million, 10-year senior note at 5.25% and repaid a $500 million, 6.75% senior note maturing in 2 years. We use the net proceeds from the new issue and available cash to repay the notes. Due to timing and crossing over the end of the quarter, our March balance sheet actually depicts increased debt levels. However, effective at the closing on April 9, with the final payment of the entire $500 million, we've actually decreased our total debt again this year by $100 million. Our capital structure is very strong. Within the last 9 months, we've refinanced over $1.4 billion of our debt, well over half of our outstanding balances and repaid $278 million of debt with available cash, effectively extending and latering out our maturities while meaningfully reducing our overall effective interest rate. We reduced our interest burden from 7.5% at the end of 2011 to a performer rate of 6.2% at the end of March 2013, over a 130 basis point improvement. Based on our refinance capital structure and prevailing interest rates, we currently expect 2013 interest expense to decrease more than $45 million when compared to the full year of 2011. Near-term maturities are also very manageable. We have only $30 million due in 2013 and a little over $300 million due in 2014. We've really been able to create a very -- greater long-term strength and flexibility in our capital structure to the repayment of a portion of our debt, which we said we would do last year and this year and through the extension of our debt maturity profile. Cash flows from operations provided $30 million of funding during the first quarter of 2013, comparable to the first quarter of last year but much less than the sequential fourth quarter. As customer receivables rebuilt from lower levels at the end of the year, working capital required $81 million during the first quarter. Capital investments during the quarter were $45 million and depreciation was $47 million. You may have noticed other investing activities which seemed to have contributed $34 million during the quarter. This was merely a movement of cash from investments and short-term commercial paper to cash and equivalents. After giving effect to the April debt repayment, we have liquidity of $1.4 billion, which includes the full benefit of our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility which has no outstanding borrowings. Our credit metrics remain strong. After giving effect to the April debt repayment, total debt is $2.1 billion, with minimal secured borrowings actually less than 15%. Our net debt was $1.8 billion, resulting in net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA of 3x. And if you actually include all the refinancing costs and the trailing EBITDA basis, it would be about $25 million. Our net leverage would be 2.9x, which is, again, underneath our long-term preference of 3x on a leverage basis. Our current estimates for 2013 capital investments remain in the range of $200 million to $225 million for the full year. We consider over 70% of each projects to be growth oriented, or projects that are intended to increase capacity, efficiency and margin in future periods. Strength of the balance sheet is derived from our low-cost, highly variable operating platforms which provide strong cash flow generation. Our strong resilient capital structure has a flexibility to not only sustain our current operations but to support our future growth as well. Thank you. Mark?
Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Theresa. And I guess, to begin, I'd like to commend our team for their continued safety improvement. Our performance has consistently been better than industry standards, but we strive towards 0 incidence. We made significant progress towards that goal last year and things continue to improve this past quarter. Roughly 85% or some 90 of our 114 operating and transportation units with the entire quarter without a single incident, all thanks to the dedication of each and every one of our employees. Their safety and welfare are our highest priorities. I'd like to congratulate the team for, again, operating at the top of our peer group and doing it very, very safely. I also want to congratulate everyone in our Superior Aluminum Alloy division for being chosen as the General Motors' Supplier of the Year for 2012. This is an excellent example of the customer partnership we drive and strive toward. So great job to the whole team there. Relative to the economy, from our perspective, the domestic economy continues to experience constrained growth. GDP remains weaker than we need to see. Sequestration and high unemployment is sapping consumer confidence and concerns regarding China's growth profile continue to impact the broader market. Unfortunately, and despite incremental demand growth through the first quarter, consumer sentiment appears to be waning. Consumers are keeping their inventories tight while taking advantage of short mill lead times and continue to be very watchful on steel mill raw material input costs as a leading indicator for finished steel pricing. We saw some softening of order input rate later in March as many customers expected product pricing to decrease and sympathy with ferrous scrap pricing. This procurement mentality will continue to drive price volatility while underlying demand incrementally expands. Obviously, although global overcapacity persists, pricing parity between domestic and global pricing is preventing meaningful input pressure today. Having said, I think macro drivers predicting steel consumption will suggest there is reason for optimism in 2013 and, certainly, in the years ahead. On the motors, although its growth momentum appears to abate to the small degree, remains very strong with the recent forecasts still calling for 16 million unit build rate for 2013. Residential construction appears to have sustainability, but hedging started up 7%, to the highest level since 2008. This bodes well for future nonresidential construction activity as well. Supporting our thesis, the overall ABI index reported its 8th consecutive month above 50, again reaching its highest level since 2008. Seasonally adjusted annual construction spending increased slightly in February. It was 8% higher than a year ago. So all of these macro drivers we view as positive going forward. In addition, there are still many companies with significant cash positions to be invested. And then coupled with the current low-interest rate climate, will eventually lead to fixed asset investment. These companies are also recognizing the effectiveness and efficiency of the American workplace and companies continue to reassure manufacturing. And I think, most importantly, over the longer term, inexpensive shale gas has the potential to make the U.S. energy long, providing a tremendous incentive for investment and associated job growth. We will be the beneficiaries of the associated economic growth and recovery of the construction markets. Since 2008, we've added capacity and always been shipping at record levels these past few years, market conditions have prevented us from leveraging our latent capacity. As nonresidential construction demand strengthens, all of our operating platforms can benefit. In 2012, we had approximately 1.5 million tons of steel capacity that was underutilized due to market conditions. Of that amount, about 55% of those tons had a high -- or a very high correlation to the nonresidential construction market. As domestic steel utilization improves, demand for ferrous scrap will also increase, benefiting our metals recycling operations. And similarly in 2012, we had excess fabrication capacity which is directly tied to nonresidential construction demand. Looking to steel. The steel platform, in spite of a challenging market, our diversified product portfolio had a first quarter steel utilization rate of 89%, 9% higher than the fourth quarter as production utilization at all our steel mills improved, especially at the Engineered Bar and steel, our Engineered Bar Products and also in Pittsboro and Steel of West Virginia locations. We also achieved record quarterly production at Rail and the Flat Roll division operated an annualized rate of over 3.1 million tons, a record high for the team and a phenomenal accomplishment. The domestic Mills Recycling industry experienced another volatile quarter, driven by low export activity, continued slow U.S. growth and inclement weather. We indicated last quarter that we believe the typical market strength at January would be challenged and, indeed, that was the case. And further strong -- and with ferrous price movement traditionally seen, still mills' appetite for scrap was tapered as well as the export market, causing prices to move down early in the quarter and contracting metal spreads. This trend reversed the stronger mill input-- order input rates posed a demand and pricing appreciated later in the quarter in March. The general decline in nonferrous commodity pricing also contracted margins in our copper and aluminum businesses. We continue to believe the volatility in the Mills Recycling business is unlikely to subside in a meaningful way through 2013. We are again pleased to report our fabrication business delivered its fourth consecutive profitable quarter. During the quarter, production at the new deck line in Arkansas began to ramp up and that has gone well. Production rates have been steadily improving, lowering our costs. We continue to see improvements in that business as we focus on the right market opportunities, gain market share and improve operating efficiency at our newer locations. Moving north, our pioneering efforts in Minnesota continue to make steady progress. Operations of the iron concentrate facility are proceeding well. And in March, we operated at 75% design capacity at cash costs below $50 per metric ton. This material will be the principal input concentrate for our iron nugget production on a go-forward basis. That team has done a fantastic job without a single safety incident this year. At the iron nuggets facility, production was improved during the first quarter. Prior to shutting down for the April outage, the plant ran for a 31-day period at an equivalent time of 88%, producing 25,000 metric tons. Shipments for the quarter totaled approximately 58,000 metric tons. Financial offsets during the quarter though were higher due to 2 primary causes: We used higher cost iron concentrate inventory in the production process and we agreed to sell some high cost excess iron concentrate inventory at an after-tax loss of $2 million. During the fourth quarter call, we indicated that upwards will be made to increase production at the iron nuggets facility during the second quarter. And as planned, we are installing the remaining oxygen enrichment equipment for the furnace this month. We will ramp up slowly through June to make any necessary adjustments and expect to commence increased production levels in the second half of the year once the oxygen generation plant, which will feed the oxygen burners, is commissioned in July. Due to the outages at the nugget facility in April, we anticipate the losses associated with our Minnesota operations for the second quarter of 2013 to be similar to those recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012. If production ramps up throughout the year as anticipated, we expect the losses to decrease, and we believe we can be at monthly breakeven run rate by year end. So our expectations have not changed there. Production volume for both Minnesota and Iron Dynamics has given us iron self-sufficiency as intended by the investment premise originally. And of note, the team in Iron Dynamics achieved another liquid iron production record of almost 24,000 metric tons in March. They're a significant contributor in helping the Flat Roll division achieve their record production levels. And, again, congratulations to the team there. As a reflection of our entrepreneurial culture, we continuously work to create opportunities rather than just wait for market dynamics to improve. Several organic growth projects have been implemented in 2013 that will provide increased earnings potential specific to Steel Dynamics. Engineered Bar products is undergoing a mill expansion that will add 325,000 tons of smaller diameter bars. This project will make our facility the largest single-site supplier of engineered and SBQ bars in North America, with an annual production capacity of 950,000 tons. The project is on schedule and on budget and is expected to be commissioned in the fourth quarter of this year with no material interruption of current operations. At capacity there, the potential 200,000 tons of semi-finished blooms could be supplied by our Structural and Rail division, thereby effectively diversifying their product mix and increasing through cycle utilization for them. We're also excited about the addition of premium rail production capability in our Structural and Rail division, an additional avenue to increase the mills through recycle utilization and to further diversify our markets with value-added products. Construction has also started on this project. It, too, is on budget and on schedule for commissioning close to the end of this year. We plan to eventually produce up to 300 or some thousand tons of standard strength and premium rail for the North America's railroad industry. Test material has already been approved by several of the major domestic railroads. The new rail capabilities will position us to become North America's preeminent rail manufacturer for rail quality and straightness and dimensional control. Furthermore, the product will provide exceptional customer value and the capability of 320-foot road lengths that can be further welded into 1,600-foot strings. This significantly reduces installation time and track maintenance costs for the rail customer. Another project of the Flat Roll division, the new shape correction line, is on schedule to start up early in the fourth quarter of this year. Shape correction and master coils will provide a value-added opportunity and should facilitate increased market share, a particular benefit to us as the team has racheted up mill productivity, bringing additional hot-rolled coil to market. In recycling, 2 high-tech nonferrous recovery systems have just started operating. The systems have capability to recover a greater amount of value -- nonferrous material from the shredder waste stream, thereby enhancing margins. The facilities are located in the midwest. One in Ohio and the other in Central Indiana and will be fully capable of processing all the waste from our 4 midwest shredders. The company I think continues to drive towards maximizing opportunities to effectively and efficiently perform through the cycle to maintain a sustainable differentiation from our peers. Our operating and EBITDA margins continue to be best in class and have allowed us to further solidify our balance sheet in recent months. We are also able to increase our first quarter cash dividend by 10%. We're pleased that our Board of Directors took this action based largely on their confidence in the strength of our cash flow generation capability and our financial position. We believe this action further reflects our continued optimism and confidence in our future prospects. We believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model in good and in challenging times. In keeping with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout the company, we will continue to assess the opportunities for growth, whether new products, new technologies or new business lines. The focus is toward not only top-level revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide consistency to our margins and provide our shareholders with returns that demonstrate our commitment, making Steel Dynamics the preferred investment decision. I'm proud of the strong character and the fortitude that our employees have demonstrated through challenging times. It is their passion and spirit that drives us to excellence and to outperform our peers, both operationally and financially while making our low-cost, highly competitive position. I'd like to thank each and every one of them for their continued hard work and dedication and to remind them as always, to be safe, both at work and at home. So now, Brenda, I'd like to open the call up for any questions that everyone has for either myself or for the rest of the leadership team.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni with UBS Securities.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a quick question. In your prepared remarks and also in the press release, you've sort of talked about, I guess, that cautious optimism with respect to nonresidential construction and so forth. But you also highlighted some sales of wide-flange beams, for example, is kind of a trend to zero in on as well, too. Is this tracking the typical mood or the usual lag that we see with a pickup in residential housing and the lag that we typically see in the nonresidential housing? Is this a little slower? Or -- I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of color as to how it's tracking the usual trends.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, as we suggested, it is incremental. And one -- I think it's difficult for us to figure out whether that is truly the market or whether we're picking up market share. If it was a much larger increase, then I could say yes, the market is changing dramatically. But if you combine just the incremental increase in wide-flange and you combine the positive nature of our performance at new millennium, our fabrication divisions, I think we'll just see that as a positive optimistic sign.
Richard P. Teets: I think from an SDI perspective, you're exactly right, Mark. But I think the numbers from, at least from the SMA, for the first quarter for beam shipments show it's down. And so therefore, again, I would think that it's still a little bit optimistic. So there's still a little bit more of a lag. So -- but we're benefiting slightly.
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- most of our optimism, I would suggest, comes from residential. I think we are certainly beyond just the indices and the rhetoric and the metrics out there. We're actually seeing that come through in the order book. And that, obviously, in my humble opinion, anyway drives the whole economy for us is the steel industry.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. You highlighted, in the prepared remarks, about all the projects that you're embracing. A lot of them are done lock [ph] on latent capacity as well as to bring in higher value at higher margin opportunities. How should we think about the cost structure at SDI kind of on a go-forward basis? As you enter these new areas, should we sort of see an increase in costs as well, too, but there should be a net effect in margin? I was just wondering if the mix shift is going to change the cost structure on a go-forward basis.
Theresa E. Wagler: Shneur, this Theresa. No, it shouldn't be. The capacity that we're putting in is very effective from a cost perspective. The SBQ is a great example. We're adding very little additional overhead to put in that rolling additional rolling line. So that cost structure is going to stay very low, not incrementally higher at all. The same is true for the addition of premium rail because we're just adding equipment of about $26 million and the rest of the process stays basically the same. So there's not incremental cost there either. So I think, really, we're looking at truly adding value-added products with very little additional costs.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And one final question, if I may. It's kind of think you about the next 90 days versus the next year or so. Metal spread's kind of a little tough at this point right now. Do you kind of see your volume in your capacity utilization kind of offsetting that, especially given the fact that you have expected outage as well, too? Or is it going to be kind of much of the same of what we've seen in the first quarter?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I'd say it's incredibly difficult to predict because it's obviously the markets, both on the steel side and on the raw materials side, are incredibly volatile. We've seen slight moderation in pricing in the last 2 or 3 weeks. Yet, Dick was just telling me, I didn't actually see the release, but there's a mill suggesting upward movement in price interest just this morning. It remains, I would tell you, a very, very fickle market. And it's difficult to tell, but I think our spreads should remain intact to some degree.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Yu with Citi.
Jonathan Sullivan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is actually John Sullivan phoning in for Brian. I had -- one question I had with respective to the utilization rates which rose to 89%, I was wondering if you could comment on any sort of your current market share gains given the relatively lower growth in the industry utilization rates? And secondly, on Mesabi Nugget, given that it seems most of the capital investment is taking place in 2Q, I was wondering what are the improvements that will happen over the course of 3Q and 4Q if you get to breakeven by -- on a run-rate basis by year end?
Richard P. Teets: To address the utilization rate versus the market share, a large part of the utilization rate came in 2 areas. One, being the SBQ facility and the other being at the Flat Roll facility. At the SBQ facility, we were running at a substantially lower rate and we have improved not fully, but it appears the change is what we're looking at from an improved utilization rate. And so, therefore, it's not a false signal. It is a factual signal, but it's not necessarily going out and taking new market share. It's a recovery of a market. So maybe it's exact same order, exact same percentage as everybody else maintains. So I'm not going to tell you that there's any market share appreciably one. In Butler, again, we've made some improvements there and the team is -- are running at tremendous rates. But that's such a large market in the Flat Roll world that our greater performance there as a percentage is almost insignificant in the total Flat Roll market. So you couldn't discern on a quarter-to-quarter basis that you appreciably won market share in my opinion. So I don't believe it's -- that you could identify a number in either of these cases.
Mark D. Millett: But Tony, to the Mesabi Nugget, I think, again, we put a plan together back in August, actually, of last year and from the standpoint of maintenance outages and what the changes we would like to make. And I would tell you, even though the results may be frustrating, the team has accomplished, to date, every single one of those planned activities. The current shutdown is to install additional oxygen enrichment burners and systems. Unfortunately, that shutdown will impact the second quarter earnings as suggested. And so second quarter earnings or losses there will be anticipated to be somewhat similar to the fourth quarter of last year, an improvement over the first quarter for sure. Overall profitability, though, will be impacted most in the second half as the auction equipment will be there for trials, and so we'll be ramping up and adjusting the process through July, at which point in time, the oxygen generation plant, the facility that will supply both inexpensive bulk oxygen, gaseous oxygen, will be commissioned. And so we anticipate seeing a decrease in our losses through the rest or the second half of the year. Our expectation is no different. It remains unchanged with sort of a breakeven position expected on a monthly basis come the end of the fourth quarter. That, as we've already suggested over the last calls, anticipates production ramp up to roughly 30,000, 35,000 tons a month with associated drop in the cost structure. It anticipates the lower cost iron concentrate inventory, which we are successfully producing and transferring, and that material has gone through the nugget process without difficulty. And it also, obviously, depends somewhat on transfer pricing. And with pig iron, which is the basis of that transfer pricing, hangs in the $4.40, $4.50 range, breakeven is expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe I thought I'd start off with some of your comments you had on just the overall macro conditions going into the year here. I think you highlighted that things actually seem to be turning positively, at least in some of the key end markets, like auto and nonres, albeit at the low levels seems to be picking up. So I'm very surprised to see kind of just in the industry data, metal service centers shipment's down a little over 5%, and you have AISI parent supply tracking down a little over 6% this year. And -- just curious to hear your thoughts on how you might explain kind of the differential in the macro data versus steel numbers.
Richard P. Teets: Well, there's certainly a dichotomy there, I would agree. But I remain convinced that for the last 18 months or so, there has been continued demand growth, albeit very incremental and that the pricing volatility is more related to sort of procurement mentality, changes in immediate inventory and the relationship, as I already explained, the customer is so watchful of raw material input costs direction that, that is driving a lot of that volatility. If they see, as they did later in March, that scrap is going to be off, they'd literally take their foot off the order book. And similarly, when they anticipate an upward trend, all of a sudden you take a substantial amount of orders in a very short period of time. And it's that up and down volume sort of our procurement activity that's driving the volatility more, in my mind, than underlying demand. I think the macro and I think that has probably impacted the MSCI data. As you suggested, daily shipments dropped off a little bit in March, which is disappointing, and particularly traditionally that tends to be a month -- there's sort of seasonal gain. But nonetheless, I think that automotive remains strong, 16 million units is a very, very strong rate. I think manufacturing remains very, very strong. And I think, generally, if you look at our utilization this past quarter, we're doing okay at least at SDI. I can't speak for everyone else.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's helpful. And maybe just a follow-up on that, talking about raw material prices, what's your latest view for scrap going into May? And maybe just specifically on OmniSource, I mean, I think you mentioned that the weather was a big issue in the first quarter as far as flows go. How do you see that shaping up for the second quarter? Could we see a little bit of an improvement there just from the weather point of view?
Russel B. Rinn: Evan, this is Russ. Certainly, I think the flows as the weather breaks are going to improve. But, again, I think our business depends on our customers and the export markets have not been robust at least in 2013 as of yet. Whether that comes back -- if that comes back, that will certainly have a meaningful effect on our part of the business. But, again, in the endgame it's what our customers to mills and those smelters, what their order books look like is going to determine what happens in our side of business. I think pricing is marked -- adequately described earlier as extremely volatile. In the past, I don't know how many years, January, February has always been an up market. And this year, it was a down market. We saw that turnaround in March and then turned back around in April. I mean, I could make a case that it's going to go down in May, I can make a case that it's going to go up in May. So it's just always going to depend upon the utilization rates of those -- of our customers in the process. I would add, Evan, that the supply line, the supply -- the inventory levels, I think, throughout the system still remain very tight. So any uptick in utilization or downtick in utilization, again, obviously, it gets exasperated and it contributes to that volatility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Parr with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is mark Parr. I think you've already been asked this question, but your new course is out talking about better earnings in the second quarter. You're going have to have a lower loss at Mesabi. That's going to help you a couple of pennies. Do you think that you've got enough momentum going in beams and SBQ and at the Steel of West Virginia to maybe have a sequential uptick with the wildcard being what happens in the Flat Roll side?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think Flat Roll is a little bit of the wildcard. I think we've seen perhaps a little more consistency in our other steel platforms or divisions. And as Russ said, who knows what may or may not happen at -- in our Recycling business. But I'd -- we got 3 months, well, 2.5 months left to go. So I would prefer to pump in and we'll give you guidance later in the quarter.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, that's fair. But you did have what looked like a fairly solid quarter given the current state of the economy, so congratulations on that. I was also wondering. Theresa, you gave a really great summary of all the refinancing that has unfolded and your team has probably worked incredibly hard here over the last couple of months. Could you, just to repeat, give us some sense of these -- of the progression in interest expense? Did you say you expect interest to be down $45 million from '11 or from '12? I couldn't -- I think I missed your comment there.
Theresa E. Wagler: First of all, thank you very much. The team here did a fantastic job. So I appreciate that. But yes, that was actually -- the reason we compared it to 2011 was so that we could really incorporate the changes that we made in 2012 as well. But what we just did in the first quarter of this year, if you're looking quarter-over-quarter, really should improve interest expense by about $13 million.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. That's really terrific. But also, just for bookkeeping purposes, could you give us the breakdown of the Flat Roll business in the quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: Sure. I'm sorry about that. I have them right here. The hot-rolled shipments were 281,000; pickle and oiled, 118,000; cold rolled, 38,000; hot-rolled galvanized, 100,000; cold-rolled galvanized, 58,000; our painted products were 89,000; and Galvalume was 20,000. It should be a total of 704,000 tons.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's amazing. Just -- if I could ask one last question, Mark, or maybe Dick wants to take this. At least -- we looked at April scrap was probably down $20. Have you been able to hold pricing to less than a $20 decline based on the April scrap buy?
Richard P. Teets: Well, since we don't publish that number, we look at every sale as an opportunity to hold the price or raise the price. So I would just tell you that we are always out to do our very best.
Mark D. Millett: But Mark, I think the team demonstrated there. Month in, month out -- and I think you that suggested that our earnings are pretty steady in a very fickle market here. And if you take out maybe the tax adjustments and things, the unique items, our earnings for the last 3 quarters, I think, have been -- in the quarter over -- first quarter last year have been incredibly, incredibly consistent. And it's allowed us to do great things. We've been reducing debt, we've got great liquidity and we're in great shape to take advantages of opportunities that I truly think will unveil themselves in the next 6 months, 6 to 8, 12 months as some of the folks struggle a little bit.
Richard P. Teets: Mark, on a more serious side, I would say that, of course, what I said was true. But every transaction also is taking into account our relationship with our customers, what the other opportunities are, where the market is going and the trends and so forth. So it is more than just throwing a number out and trying to get the highest. So we are always trying to do our very best for both the customers as well as ourselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Haberlin with Davenport Securities.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Maybe to start, and I apologize for kind of beating the dead horse here on utilization rates, but just trying to understand the utilization rate increased 9% quarter-over-quarter, but shipments were relatively flat versus Q4. Just trying to understand, did you all build inventory levels here? And is that in expectation of an uptick in demand over the next quarter or 2?
Richard P. Teets: Well, it's a correct observation. And I would tell you that the reason why we did it was in anticipation of what we are experiencing currently in the quarter. Our Flat Roll division is currently shutdown for maintenance outage. It's a 5 to 6-day outage on the hot mill and on the cold mill. And we built a large inventory ahead of the pickle line because the pickle line only went down for 1 day. And the repairs were made and now it's been back up and running for 4 of them. And, therefore, we built the inventory in pickle at oil goods. And so we are doing shipments, again, on a steady basis. And so that inventory's being drawn down as we speak. And we also built an inventory in Pittsboro, not because we have a -- we do have a maintenance outage coming for about 5 days in May. But there, as we started -- we built the inventory because we were running orders ahead of time because we wanted to -- we have a belief that the market is improving and we wanted to be available to take every order as it became available. We didn't want to have -- we didn't want to be delaying the production of any orders and then have to turn some opportunities away. So we ran some orders early, especially the ones that had additional bar finishing requirements and heat treating requirements. So the inventories at Pittsboro also grew in the work-in-process inventories and a little bit of the finished goods inventories. And, again, our Steel of West Virginia, we put in a new stacker in our #2 line and the production has really gone quite well. And we've built some inventory -- finished goods inventory there just because how well it's performed. And now we'll be readjusting our rolling schedules there.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then earlier in the prepared remarks, Mark, I think you had mentioned that you saw weaker in order input rates in, I guess, later in March. Was that specific to the Flat Roll division or the Flat Roll in The Techs? And can you maybe kind of talk about what you've seen from those divisions, just how orders trended through the first quarter?
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- my comment was principally the cheap [ph] mill, I would say. The other mills tend to have been steady relatively through the quarter.
J. Christopher Haberlin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just last one for me. On Mesabi Nugget, I guess you all had guided to a net loss of around $10 million and it came out at $14 million. And I understand the $2 million related to the concentrate sales. But that incremental $2 million, just kind of surprised given a 66% increase quarter-over-quarter in production there. I understand there's a lot of moving parts while you're operating at suboptimal levels. But can you just kind of talk about what drove the larger-than-expected loss?
Mark D. Millett: I think a couple of things. The -- well, principally, as we suggested, you've got a couple of million dollars there or so in the agreed-upon sale of the higher-priced concentrate. And then through the quarter, we consumed a lot of additional high cost concentrate as well. The mining resources startup has gone incredibly well. And with the volume there and with inventory, we are going to a position where we would never have refused that overall inventory over time and, hence, sold off roughly, I think, it was 100,000 tons or thereabouts. But principally, it was the high cost concentrate that we used and the input or the consumption per ton of nugget produced did climb just a little bit.
Theresa E. Wagler: Chris, just for those on the phone and for others, mining resources, we typically don't use those phrases. It's actually iron concentrate facility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Dubinsky with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Some of your competitors have discussed moving off of a CRU-based pricing. What are your thoughts on this trend and implications for the industry?
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- it's sort of a discounted CRU is something that we've resisted and have been reluctant to exercise on a broad basis. I recognize that our peers certainly adopted that here, the late last 6 or 8 months or so, I guess, 12 months?
Richard P. Teets: Yes, sir.
Mark D. Millett: And so it's something that we've only participated in on a very, very limited basis. But I think for the industry in general, I think it's a very positive sign.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on domestic pricing today, it's been so weak that it's helping imports moderate at least for flat products. Do you think there's room for domestic prices to increase in any product verticals while still keeping imports out of the market?
Mark D. Millett: I think there's a possibility there. There's somewhat of a parity right now between global and domestic pricing. And if you look at the discount that the consumer now looks for from imports, that discount has increased dramatically over the older days where if imports were $40, $50 per ton lower than domestic pricing, you saw a lot of import activity. Today, that level has increased dramatically and it has to be up around $150 a ton due to the volatility of pricing that attracts that import business. So that being said, I'd suggest there is room there for improved pricing.
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question is, obviously, order books were soft for March. It's very early in April. But how do order books look so far in April compared to this time frame in March?
Mark D. Millett: This time in March -- you mean compared to early March to now?
Sam Dubinsky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Richard P. Teets: I think they're about the same. If you look at it, it'll probably be a little bit better because we're taking our maintenance outages. So if you looked at it from a number of days that you need to have available, it might look a little better. But from a tonnage, it's probably equal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Englert with Jefferies.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to see how the backlogs look for downstream products on a year-over-year basis if you can comment there.
Mark D. Millett: When you say downstream, fabrication?
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, correct.
Mark D. Millett: Fabrication, and I think Gary is on the line. He can actually comment, but I think they're up. And in fact, we had the, I think, the highest order input rate in fabrication in March than -- that we've had for many years. Gary, are you still on the line?
Gary E. Heasley: I am, and that's true, Mark. Our backlogs are better and it's really been driven by 2 things. One is a little bit more market share which is being driven in part by penetration of new markets. It's hard to say right now whether those backlog increases are driven by overall growth in demand, but we've got some pretty positive signals that would indicate that the market is strengthening a little bit.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then regarding the oversupply in the galvanized market that was mentioned in the prepared remarks and the release there, is there any indication that that's abated to any extent and see more normalized volumes from The Techs?
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you no. I mean, that's where, again, when we talk about the nonresidential construction, to me that's beneficial because of not necessarily -- or the residential construction is beneficial because of appliances and duct work and so forth that go along with it. So it's not just the nonresidential that lags from it. In addition to that, what I would tell you is we are focusing on other products and expanding on the Galvalume capability down at the Jeffersonville and we've also been running trials. We've now ran Galfan on all 3 of The Techs lines and continue to garner more orders and longer runs at those 3 lines in the Galfan product. So we're not just sitting around, waiting for the galvanized market to recover.
Martin Englert - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. If I could, one more question. Within the prepared remarks as well, you had commented on manufacturing and seemed relatively optimistic that some of the fundamentals were improving there. Can you talk about what areas of manufacturing you're seeing improvements? And then maybe what areas are still kind of lagging behind if there's any continued inventory corrections going on among the consumers out there?
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- probably the only inventory correction issue still remains in Engineered Bar products as I speak here. Principally, the off-road equipment folks tend to be a little slower. Other than that, we have at Pittsboro, a pretty broad or the order profile is kind of across the spectrum of our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Katz with JPMorgan & Chase.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I may have missed it earlier, but did you talk about what you guys are seeing in terms of exports?
Mark D. Millett: Sorry, exports?
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: That's not an arena we play in or follow up, to be honest, to any great degree.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I understand that. But I was curious, I mean, obviously, you look at the industry overall and how that impacts your pricing ability and one would think that, that would play. So just curious, given your better view of the industry from where you sit, what have you seen in terms of exports? And how do you think that's impacting your ability to push through price increases?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, Dave, I think the only place where I think we've really got a major impact on the export side is on the scrap side. And those exports have been a little bit tepid during the, I guess, first quarter of the year. Again, at what point that the Turks and the Southeast Asians and those folks start taking more product, that will certainly have an impact on it. But its current rate is really not a factor on us.
Richard P. Teets: But Dave, maybe from the other perspective, maybe you're asking about, I think from the reports I've read that the steel exports are down, in general, from the United States. And, therefore, with less steel being exported there is capacity available domestically than for increased sales and competition. It just goes without saying. So there's, needless to say, therefore, a little bit more pressure downward on domestic pricing. And it just has to be dealt with.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then coming back to the Turks in particular given that they've largely been a swing factor over the last couple of years, do you have any view on what it would take to get them back in the market in a greater capacity?
Russel B. Rinn: Dave, I think on -- the real issue with the Turks is going to be whether Europe -- the strength of the euro because I think they're consumption has remained very consistent. But they play the U.S. and Europe off of each other depending on the exchange rates and availability.
Mark D. Millett: And also from a product perspective, the export dramatic demand into Europe. And so as the European economy continues to sputter, their order rate, I would imagine, is off, too.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millet for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thank you, Brenda. Thank you, everyone. I just want to reiterate that we are, I guess, squarely focused on positioning the company for long-term growth and sustainability and not just 3 months or 6 months out. But we continue to look 3, 5, 10 years out for our company. Some of the changes will take longer to implement. But I think those will be strong catalysts for our continued success, the ones that we mentioned already. So thank you for your time today. To our shareholders and to our customers, thank you for your support. Our employees, be great, be safe and continue to do a phenomenal job. Thanks. Have a great day.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Owen Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, President of Steel Operations, Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation and President of Omnisource Corporation Robert S. Walters Gary E. Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC David A. Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc. Charles Bradford
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, January 29, 2013, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marlene Owen, Director of Investor Relations at Steel Dynamics, Inc. Please go ahead.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. My name is Marlene Owen, and I am the Director of Investor Relations at Steel Dynamics. We want to welcome you to Steel Dynamics' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for a replay later today. We will start the call with introductory remarks and commentary on our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results, including the number of highlights relative to our markets from Steel Dynamics' President and CEO, Mark Millett. Next, Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Steel Dynamics, Inc. will provide additional financial details for the fourth quarter 2012 and full year 2012 period and comment on a few financial matters. Following Mark's and Theresa's prepared remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. In addition to Mark and Theresa, also joining me for today's call are the company's platform Executive Vice President, including Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our metals recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date today, January 29, 2013, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors or, as applicable, in subsequently filed Form 10-Qs filed with the SEC. Now for opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark Millett.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Marlene. Good morning, everyone, and I'd like to also thank you for joining us this morning not only to discuss Q4's results last year but also to talk about our near-term earnings catalysts that we further -- that will further differentiate us from our peers, we believe, increase our value-added product portfolio and strengthen our earnings potential going forward. As I've mentioned before, in challenging times, I think true character becomes apparent. I absolutely believe that. And I also believe that the challenging times we've experienced, both in our industry and the overall global economy, have been met with increased character by the excellent team of Steel Dynamics employees throughout our organization. The industry continues to navigate through many cycles with a frequency which does not appear to be slowing down. Yet in spite of those ebbs and flows, I am pleased to report again, we continue to perform at the top of our peer group, maintaining our low-cost, highly competitive position. But before we jump into the discussion of our financial results there, I want to pause to commend our team for their safety record last year. Even though our performance has always been better than industry standards, we strived for 0 incidents throughout our organization. And in 2012, we made significant improvement, thanks to the dedication of every one of our employees. At our Jacksonville and Minnesota nugget, the teams there worked for the second year in a row with a 0-lost workdays. They were joined in 2012 by Steel of West Virginia, which also had no lost workdays in the year. The teams at our engineered bar division and The Techs each had only 1 loss workday for the year. OmniSource's Michigan division had 0 recordable injuries in 2012, an incredible turnaround for the folks up there. And 4 of our 6 teams in our fabrication platform finished the year with 0-lost workdays, Butler, Galvalume, Lake City and Hope, Arkansas. Our employees' safety and welfare are and will continue to be our highest priority. Our company-wide goal, as I said, is 0 incidents, and we have made good progress toward that goal in 2012. So congratulations to the team for doing a job well done and safely. As you know, 2012 was a tough year for business as global economic conditions remained difficult. And it's -- I don't have to tell you all, in America, the U.S. gross domestic product was weak, consumer confidence waned, we're at angst over U.S. elections that churned the political landscape and further fueled uncertainty and China's growth tool [ph]. But nonetheless, our talented team was up to the task, and we believe there are reasons for optimism in 2013 and in the years ahead. There appears in our mind to be sustainable upward momentum in residential construction, consistent ABI data would suggest nonresidential construction will follow as is typically the case. A lot of companies have significant cash positions that need to be invested, and I think companies are recognizing the effectiveness and efficiency of the American workplace and reassuring that manufacturing is also taking place. And then perhaps longer term and probably most important, inexpensive shale gas will make the U.S. energy long, providing a tremendous incentive for investment and for job growth. We at SDI will be the beneficiaries of the associated economic growth as we leverage our latent production capacity and furthermore, we have several growth projects that are being implemented in 2013 that will provide increased earnings potential specific to Steel Dynamics. And turning to our financial results, during the fourth quarter, we saw financial improvement in both our steel and metals recycling platforms and saw a slight decline in the profitability of our fabrication operations, as decreased volumes met with flat pricing. We reported net income of $61 million or $0.27 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion for the fourth quarter of 2012. This is meaningfully above the $0.06 reported in the third quarter of the year and the $0.14 reported in the fourth quarter of 2011. As we stated, the fourth quarter of 2012 benefited from the positive tax adjustment that increased earnings by $0.07 per diluted share. Nonetheless, it's a phenomenal performance by all, by the teams. From an annual perspective, 2012 revenues and general volumes were only moderately less than 2011 results. However, operating income declined $194 million or 33%. The majority of the decline was related to compressed steel margins as operating income for the segment declined 24% year-over-year. Steel conversion costs stayed fairly steady to down, and the culprit was metal spread compression, which we defined as the difference between average pricing and the cost of ferrous scrap, our primary raw material. Average 2012 steel prices per ton shipped declined $66, while average ferrous scrap consumed for production only declined $32 a ton. During the quarter, operating income from our steel operations increased $8 million or 7% as overall steel demand slightly improved, with increased shipments of 4%. The increased volume from our sheet operations more than offset decreased long product shipments led by declines at our Roanoke bar division. During October, our Flat Roll division had incredible order entry rates, and we believe this was customer reaction to annex price increases and an expectation that raw material prices were also on the uptick. Operating income per ton shipped for steel operations increased slightly from $80 in the third quarter to $82 this quarter. Increased volume and improved product mix more than offset compressed metal margins. Average fourth quarter steel pricing declined $25 per ton in the quarter or about 3%, whereas the cost of scrap used in our furnaces production only declined $9 per ton. Our steel mills operated at 80% utilization rate during the fourth quarter, slightly improved from the third quarter, but not back to the 84% achieved during the first half of the year. Automotive and manufacturing sectors remain strong, but transportation and heavy equipment softened as over exuberant build rates early in the year resulted in oversupply. The energy sector also came under pressure as low natural gas prices impacted drilling rates. Even though end markets remain mixed, we believe there's additional momentum that could be seen in 2013 related to both the automotive and manufacturing sectors, and if the current administration embraces the exploration of the extensive U.S. energy reserves, we could also see several other sectors starting to improve. Our steel operations continue to outperform our industry peers throughout the market cycle. The team delivers best-in-class results by maintaining their laser focus on being the lowest-cost producer out there with a commitment to exceed our customers' highest expectations. The domestic metals recycling industry experienced a volatile year, driven by changes in both export and domestic mill demand fluctuations. Like everyone else, we were impacted by compressed margins throughout the year. However, our metals recycling business finished 2012 with a strong fourth quarter. Our operating income increased 56% from the third quarter. Despite lower volumes in the quarter, profitability improved as both ferrous and nonferrous metal spread expanded. Increased copper margins provided the most significant improvement, driven by increased global copper prices related to the improved demand from China. We also took advantage of a strong December 1 market as late in the quarter, we could see that the typical market strength of January would be challenged. And so the strong upward ferrous price movement generally seen in January or February due to cold weather and associated decreased supply, scrap flow remained good, while export activity decreased and steel mill demand remains stable. During 2012, in metals recycling, we implemented several initiatives to offset some of the macro supply and demand dynamics that continued to hinder the metals recycling market. We opened additional retail yards to increase flow of higher-margin material, and we focused on the reduction of our cost structure. In the first quarter of 2013, we planned to commission new technology to recover even more nonferrous materials from our shredding operations to reduce yield loss and to increase margins. As we said, the metals recycling business was quite a rollercoaster ride throughout 2012, and it's unlikely we will see that volatility subside in a meaningful way during 2013. However, as is typical for us, we're taking deliberate actions to mitigate the impact market volatility has on our business performance at least to the degree we can. The team is doing a good job thinking outside the proverbial box, and I'm expecting to see positive results from their innovative ideas. One of the key aspects of our success over the years has been controlling our costs as far into the supply chain as possible coupled with innovative and effective approaches to execution. We said that our pioneering efforts in Minnesota will provide SDI with a captive source of iron, eliminating dependence on foreign pig iron markets, and they have. Even though we pushed a small amount of third-party pig iron this past year, production at both our Minnesota operations and Iron Dynamics could have fully supported our steel production requirements. Of note, IDI achieved record volumes of liquid pig iron in 2012 supporting the phenomenal production efficiency of our Flat Roll division. During our last call, we indicated that we had begun a 6-week outage to the nugget facility to set groundwork for future upgrades expected to be made in the first half of 2013; upgrades to increase productivity and to improve product quality. As planned, operations resumed in November, and a restart has gone reasonably well. We've already seen significant improvements in product quality. We currently anticipate implementing the remaining advancements in the second quarter of 2013. Operations began at our iron concentrate facility in September, again, as planned; and the startup has progressed nicely. As a primary raw material for our iron nugget facility, this is a pivotal achievement in lowering the raw material input cost of iron nuggets. The cost of internally sourced iron concentrate will be less than $50 per metric ton compared to current market price iron concentrate that is selling on the spot market today in excess of $140 per metric ton. If pig iron prices remain steady, we anticipate the losses associated with our Minnesota operations for the first quarter of 2013 to be similar to the those recorded this past quarter, as the plant depletes existing higher-priced third-party iron concentrate inventory. If production ramps up throughout the year as anticipated, we would hope and expect the losses to decrease and hope to be at breakeven by year end. Moving on to fabrication. We are pleased to report a third consecutive profitable quarter with operating income of $9.50. The changes we made earlier in the year are yielding efficiencies and improved productivity. For the first time in 3 years, the business achieved positive full year operating income of $2.1 million in earnings. The nonresidential construction market is still challenging. We see selected areas in the U.S. that indicate signs of market improvement. The ABI index has remained above the 50 threshold for 5 consecutive months, a positive indicator for future building activity. 2012 volumes grew through gains in market share as the team continued to win new customers and broaden their geographic footprint. We remain focused on customer service and cost containment. Our first facilities and their operating teams are ready to execute as market opportunities present themselves. And we are poised to take full advantage when the construction recovery begins with our national presence, supported by 425,000 tons of capacity and the team's unrelenting drive. The company continues to drive towards maximizing opportunities to effectively and efficiently perform through the cycle to maintain a sustainable differentiation from our peers. Our operating and EBITDA margins continue to be best in class. As my mother [ph] used to say, proof is in the pudding; the proof is in our results. During this past year, we ended new markets, gained market share, we introduced new product capabilities, we became iron self-sufficient, we implemented our low-cost iron concentrate solution, we further improved and will continue to improve our Mills Recycling cost structure, we made strides to further solidify our balance sheet and we identified and initiated several growth projects to increase future earnings. I believe our superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model. In keeping with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout the company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth, whether in new products, new technologies or new business lines. The focus is toward not only top line revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide consistency to margins and provide our shareholders with returns that demonstrate our commitment to making Steel Dynamics the preferred investment decision. We are squarely focused on positioning the company for long-term growth, and there are a number of earnings catalysts that I would suggest are compelling. Many of these we mentioned before. Our steelmaking capacity was expanded to 7.4 million tons, and we've yet to fully realize the benefit. We've not had a steel-consuming economy in which to leverage that capacity thus far. We're expanding the capacity and product offerings of our special-bar-quality operations, and that is on all the key success drivers: Product and market diversification, customer dedication, increased margins and great return on capital. We expect to have this additional capacity operating before the end of 2013. The SBQ expansion will also allow for greater utilization of our Structural and Rail division because they will supply semi-finished steel for the SBQ expansion. They will grow our rail production capability to include premium head-hardened rail, again, providing value-added product and market diversification, customer dedication and enhanced margins. We expect to have this capability as we enter 2014. Minnesota operations, as we said, will benefit from our own lower-cost iron concentrate. And after further equipment modifications are complete, we expect to achieve increased productivity. These are a few of many initiatives that have the potential to be appreciable earnings drivers. Again, we're focused on the long-term growth of our company, and I know and I'm confident we have a superior team that can deliver. And with that, I'll pass the call over to Theresa for further comments on our financial results. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. During 2012, our consolidated gross margin percentage decreased 178 days [indiscernible] caused by margin compression within our steel and mills recycling operations. Macro inventory conditions did not allow for a repeat of the historically high flat-rolled and ferrous recycled margins that we achieved during the first half of 2011. As Mark mentioned, our earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter was $0.27, above our earlier guidance of between $0.18 and $0.22, as earnings from both our sheet and metals recycling operations were better than we originally expected. Additionally, our actual fourth quarter effective tax rate was considerably lower than previous quarters at 13.8%, including noncontrolling interest. The lower rate was caused by certain favorable adjustments and our reserves for unrecognized tax benefit. These changes were based on new information that we gathered in the fourth quarter. Excluding these adjustments, our quarterly effective tax rate was actually 39.5%. The positive impact of these tax adjustments on fourth quarter earnings were $0.07 per diluted share. In comparison to the third quarter of 2012, revenues were relatively flat at $1.7 billion. Nonetheless, our consolidated pretax income improved from $7 million to $54 million. However, the third quarter did include 2 unique charges related to both impairment and refinancing items, that when combined, reduced third quarter's pretax earnings by about $34 million. We also saw a change in our unrealized hedging position, which resulted in a $9.8 million gain recorded in the fourth quarter compared to a $9.3 million loss in the third quarter for our Mills Recycling operation. When we compare the fourth quarter of 2012 to the same period of 2011, our gross margin percentage improved 194 basis points despite lower volumes and mix -- excuse me, despite lower revenues and mix volumes. Our pretax income improved 56% based on those operational improvement and reduced interest expense. Our operating income per ton shipped for steel operations remain consistent at $82, resulting in basically unchanged operating income from our steel operations, while metals recycling improved $10 million. Gross interest expense for the year was $160 million compared to $179 million in 2011. This is a reduction of 10%. We're very pleased with the execution of our refinancing initiative completed during 2012. We refinanced over $1 billion of debt, just less than 1/2 of our outstanding balances, effectively extending and laddering out our maturities while reducing our overall effective rate. Near-term maturities are very manageable. We only have $30 million due in 2013 and $318 million due in 2014. We also reduced our interest burden from 7.5% at the end of 2011 to 6.4% at the end of this year, over a 100-basis-point improvement. And based on our refinanced capital structure and prevailing interest rates, we would expect interest expense for 2013 to decline another $20 million as compared to 2012. We also took the opportunity to repay $178 million of debt with available cash. We create even greater long-term strength and flexibility in our capital structure due to the repayment of a portion of the debt which we indicated we would do through the extension of our debt maturity profile and through the reduction of our interest burden. And cash flow generation remained incredibly strong. Cash flow from operations provided $446 million of funding during 2012; almost half was generated in the fourth quarter alone. For the year, working capital changes were fairly neutral, requiring about $18 million. However, in the fourth quarter, it provided $89 million in funding. Customer receivables declined during the quarter. Our annual 2012 capital investments totaled $224 million. Just over 35% of these investments were for the construction of our completed iron concentrate and copper rod facility, 28% from metals recycling and 25% from steel operations. Full year depreciation was $180 million, and amortization of intangible assets $36 million. I know some of you, for modeling purposes, like to understand what depreciation may be for the coming year. Current estimates would be in the range of $190 million to $200 million for depreciation and around $30 million for amortization of intangible assets. In spite of capital investments of $224 million, debt reduction of $178 million and dividend payment for shareholders $88 million, our total cash and short-term investments only decreased $68 million. We ended the year with cash of over $400 million. We also still have full benefit of our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility which had no outstanding borrowings at the end of the year. Combined, we provide $1.5 billion of available funds. Cash -- strong cash flow generation during this challenging environment is a continued testament to our low-cost, highly variable cost structure and diversed value-added product portfolio. Our credit metrics also continue to be strong. At the end of the year, total debt was $2.2 billion with minimal secured borrowings; actually, just less than 15%. Our net debt, defined as total debt less cash and short-term investments, was $1.8 billion, resulting in net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA of 2.9x. If trailing EBITDA is adjusted for the full year 2012 refinancing charges of approximately $38 million, our average net leverage would actually be 2.7x. Worth noting, our long-term preference is to maintain that leverage below 3x, which we are doing. Our current estimate for 2013 capital investment is in the range of $200 million to $225 million. We consider over 70% of these projects to be growth-oriented or projects that are intended to increase capacity, efficiency and margin in future periods. Some of the more significant items this year include approximately $60 million of remaining capital to be invested for the SBQ expansion, just over $25 million for the installation of equipment to allow for premium rail production, about $15 million for the completion of 2 nonferrous recovery systems and just over $10 million for the completion of our flat-rolled leveling mine. As true for each year, capital investments go through considerable scrutiny before they receive final approval. This initial estimate may include projects that in the end just don't meet our expectations for a return or aren't in line with cash flow and liquidity expectations. Looking forward, our current 2013 capital allocation plan includes continuing to invest in existing operation to optimize capacity and margin, reducing a portion of our outstanding debt while maintaining sufficient liquidity for growth and providing cash for dividends to our shareholders. Our balance sheet is strong. We believe the framework for robust cash flow generation, coupled with our strong, resilient capital structure has the flexibility to not only sustain current operations, but to support future growth. Thank you. Now I'll pass the call back over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. And before we open the call to take your questions, I would like to thank firstly all our customers for your faith and support over the years and recently. And hopefully, we will continue to earn your business each and every day, and thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication and to remind them to work safely, again, each and every day. So now Rob, we'd like to open the call for any questions you may have of me or Dick, Russ, Gary and Theresa.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: I don't know if you guys ganged up and did this on purpose, all reporting the same day, but I want you to know that we're writing longer and more critical notes. So the plan didn't work, if the plan was to hit us. But this is a nice -- this a real nice quarter. I'm just wondering in terms of outlook, you talked about potential for macros. In terms of what your competitors have said today, it looks like AK expects a significant increase; Nucor expects level operating performance, but a reversal of LIFO; and U.S. Steel is looking for near breakeven on their flat-rolled. So we've gotten some kind of specific general guidance. Do you want to give us anything a little bit more meaty than your macro?
Mark D. Millett: I don't want to speak for our competitors. I guess as we see the current market climate or the environment, I think it's generally positive from our perspective. We're operating in a backdrop of appreciating global pricing on the sheet side, which I think will help subdue import pressures, not going to eliminate it, but it's going to keep it under containment for the time being despite global overcapacity. And obviously, all pricing is appreciating, and I think in combination, there could be some market support from those drivers, either our customer has the typically reasonable optimism I think exists, supply chain inventories remain relatively tight, automotive remains incredibly robust, I think. Manufacturing in online is robust, and the PMI index in December popped up or moved up. And I think lead times, given the order entry rate over the last couple of weeks, 3 weeks, have moved that. I think -- and Dick can probably speak to it more than I, but the order input rate or order rate in our sheet mill has been very, very robust for the last 2 weeks. And engineered bar products has been pretty good too today, yes?
Richard P. Teets: Correct.
Mark D. Millett: So I think, generally, it's a positive outlook.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Great. I wanted to ask you in terms of the construction market. There's -- obviously, residential is past the inflection point. And the ABI has hit 5 months in a row of over 50 now for the fourth time in the last 4 years. If it hits over 50 this month, it'll be the first time of 6 months since '07. But it hasn't done that yet. So the fingers are crossed. Do you see the normal lead lag between res and non-res, if people have been talking about that a little bit more now that res has clearly established?
Mark D. Millett: Dick?
Richard P. Teets: I don't think it's going to be the normal anymore. I just think there's going to be a stretch to it because I think many of the developers are more cautious. There's still a lot of vacancies as you drive around your local communities. And so I think it's going to be slightly extended rather than the normal that we've seen in the past personally.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. And can you talk about...
Mark D. Millett: I do think talking nonresidential, Michelle, aside from just the stats, the rental cost going up and the inventory coming down and greater housing starts, albeit coming from a lower level, I think we're actually seeing it in our order book. It's not just a matter of numbers. I think sheet mill in particular has seen some benefits there.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: In non-res? Did you say in res?
Mark D. Millett: Residential. And again, that's -- in my mind, that's where it all starts. To Dick's point, nonresidential tends to lag 6 months anyway, maybe 9 months in this cycle.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Some people are saying it's going to lag longer because there's more -- there's more building of new developments, there's more finishing of old developments, and it's the infrastructure that goes with the new housing and development that usually tips the non-res pickup. So that's why I was asking about what your thoughts on the lead lag were.
Mark D. Millett: And obviously, we've got a lot of latent capacity there for when it does recover, but we have also taken steps as we mentioned. The fact that our structural mill will be supplying blimps [ph] and bullets to the SBQ expansion and the onset of premium rail, no matter how long it takes, we believe the structural mill will change significantly over the next 12 to 18 months.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Yes. Okay, that's great. Can I ask one more? You talked about the benefit of product mix in the quarter. I mean clearly, you had expanding margins when metal margins were going in the other direction. Can you talk about -- and you said that, that was in part due to mix as well as greater volume. Is there -- can you talk about what is more profitable in your mix? And then is there any consistency from one quarter to the next about what is more profitable in your mix? Or is it all becoming quite random?
Richard P. Teets: Right now, I'd tell you that it's somewhat random. We don't have the luxury to pick and choose when the economy is better. We do a lot more of the -- having that scheduling opportunity and the picking and choosing. But as of right now, it's random is the name of the game.
Mark D. Millett: Typically, Michelle, banned stream -- painted products, those products tend to have a higher margin than perhaps hot-rolled coil for sure. And I think the greatest benefit that we have compared to a lot of our peers is the diversification that Dick and his team have created in Butler, gives us huge advantages in these banned [ph] cycles. I think our utilization rate for Butler in the fourth quarter was probably -- I don't know what, I didn't calculate. It was probably 90%, 95% of air bags. And when you only need to get a little bit of hot ban, a little bit of cold-rolled car, a little bit of calcium, a little bit of pail, a little of each product and we can pick our market niches to have higher margin. And the end result is the mill is running our utilization rate higher than our peers, and our average selling value will be higher also.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about Mesabi. Maybe first off, could you give us a little bit of guidance on how many tons you think you could actually produce out of the facility in 2013?
Mark D. Millett: Well, as I said, coming out of the shutdown, the startup went okay. I think from a product-quality standpoint, it's been significant. I mean, there's been a dramatic change, and the guys at Electric Arc Furnace shop in Butler have been incredibly appreciative and have been applauding the product quality. So that was good. Productivity has been a little disappointing, in all honesty. We've been around about 20,000 tons -- 20,000 metric tons a month in November, December, and we'll probably finish January in around about that same number. Few issues still impacted a little bit from some mechanical problems. The cold weather has impacted us, although, we've suffered a lot less downtime than last winter, and I've learned some lessons. Operating in minus 30 degrees is just an experience. My hats off to the guys up there actually. But that's cost us a couple of days in January. So we are, I guess, slowly progressing up the production curve. We've been having periods of good production, 1,000, 1,200 ton a day. So if you extrapolate that out, and as I think I mentioned in our last call, we can see a production rate of 300,000, 350,000 tons a year as being achievable with the facility as is. But that's not going to happen immediately, and we see that slowly ramping up through 2013. We've got to take a shutdown here in the spring to make some more mechanical changes and install some auction enrichment equipment. We certainly need to get the efficiency, the thermal efficiency in the rotary-hearth furnace to get to the 400,000, 450,000 tons. And we won't know that for sure until we installed that equipment.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. Okay. And then on the iron ore input side, are you at below $50 a ton now with Magnetation or is that something you're still ramping to get to?
Mark D. Millett: We are not at the absolute design capacity today. We have and are achieving on a daily basis. The throughput is at the rate of capacity, but the recovery is less than what we design it for. And that's just matter of commissioning and starting up the ball mill. We commissioned the ball mill, I think, late December or early this month, and that should give us that additional recovery. So Dave and his team have done, in my mind, a phenomenal job in horrendous weather; and that plant, that startup, is going incredibly well. And we anticipate no problems getting the volume, and the cost structure is as expected if not better.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just an idea, I mean you mentioned that iron ore price is currently about $140 a ton. What is roughly the value of the inventory that's flowing through in the first quarter on a per ton basis? Is most of that bought at the beginning of last year?
Theresa E. Wagler: Right. It's probably closer to the 120-ish, 125 range.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Great. And maybe just one other question on scrap, curious to hear your thoughts on the Feb scrap pricing and also wondering if Mississippi River levels have been impacting the market at all.
Mark D. Millett: Well, Russ is the only one in the leadership team that has a crystal ball. So Russ?
Russel B. Rinn: I think Mississippi River certainly has had some impact. It's prevented flows out of the upper Midwest Chicago in particular. So it has added some additional pressure on the markets in the Midwest. But again, I think we should look at the scrap pricing trends, where it's going to go. It's going to follow the order books and steel mills. And I think as those steel mills and foundries business picks up, certainly, there's going to be pressure on the pricing to move it up. But at this point, it's just been kind of steady. I think Mark characterized it well when he said it was an awful year last year. I think we're -- are expecting something very similar this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Levy with Jefferies.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: Guys, you gave part of the answer to the capacity utilization question. And the total answer, you said Butler was at 90%. As you sort of go through heat, maybe even rail, each of the different assets, do you have a rough utilization rate for the quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: I believe we gave the utilization rate for the quarter. It was what, 80%?
Mark D. Millett: 80%.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, it was 80%.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: Right. And I'm asking sort of by business unit.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, it's fairly easy. The production, because we don't build inventory to a great extent, if you just take each of the shipments and you look down a quarterly basis what the capacity of each of the divisions, you can come up with that. And our capacities are actually in the presentation that's found in the Internet that you...
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: Okay. I'll do the math on that one. As you guys look at the Pittsboro expansion, are you guys continuing to take market share as you sort of roll out this capacity? Do you anticipate there'll be any sort of pressure on pricing as Pittsboro is rolling out? Or are you encountering just favorable swings in terms of your market share?
Richard P. Teets: Well, that capacity won't be added until the third and fourth quarter of this year. And so there's no impact right now. We've been out addressing the different quality requirements and certifications to get that business. And of course, there is always opportunity that applies some pressure when you attempt to gain the business. But it's going to be what it's going to be. And so we believe that the customers, I think, would be favoring us with the business that they give us with the larger parts.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: And as you guys add head hardening on the rail mill, can you guys sort of talk about what target volumes are as head hardening is implemented over the course of 2013 and into '14?
Mark D. Millett: We -- Brett, we're targeting total rail sales somewhere between 300,000 to 350,000 tons a year. And I think it's not a matter of the capacity of the mill. The capacity of the mill might be more than that. But when we get into that business -- well, we are on that business on the standard rail side, but we want to maintain a commitment to the railroads. We don't want to slip in and slip out of the rail business depending on the vagaries of the structural arena. So we're targeting a solid 300,000 to 350,000 tons a rail. Again, as Dick said, that's being installed later this year. It's not going to really start ramping up on the head-hardened side until 2014. So I wouldn't expect that volume, that level of volume until probably 2015 or thereabouts. In 2012, our total rail shipments, I believe, were 147?
Theresa E. Wagler: 144,000.
Mark D. Millett: 144,000 tons. Again, that's all standard rail.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: And nothing major in the M&A pipeline as far as you guys can sort of consider?
Mark D. Millett: Well, if we would, we wouldn't talk about it probably, Brett.
Brett M. Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Fixed Income Research: Okay. I got it.
Mark D. Millett: Sure. Just one comment on the -- that comes to mind on the SBQ expansion, we're focused there on what, 3 5/8? In that diameter? That makes up about 50%, 55% of the SBQ market, which typically can be 8 million to 10 million tons. So we feel gaining a market share of 300,000, 350,000 tons in that 4.5 million ton arena should not be a massive, massive undertaking given the loyalty and support we have from our customer base and the quality, the level of our product down there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Luke Folta of Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First -- I have 3 quick ones, if I could. Firstly, you had some pretty dramatic shipment trends in the fourth quarter, both on the flat-rolled side and for SBQ. And it would seem to me that stocking trends probably played a factor there. I wanted to get a sense in the first quarter so far what you're seeing as far as order entry relative to fourth quarter shipment levels? I imagine SBQ probably had a big destock that may or may not be seen in the first quarter. It seems like by the strength of your flat-rolled, there was probably some prebuy ahead of the price increases. Just trying to get some color around that.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think in both cases, there was some prebuy. But I would tell you that we're pleasantly -- we're pleased with the continuation of the order intake in both those arenas. And the shipments are not -- the orders that we're taking are not for a long-term backlog but for product shipments. And so neither one is -- we didn't -- we weren't robbing Peter to pay Paul. We weren't taking orders in December to ship that were really for January consumption. They were I think taking -- they were concerned about price increases and so forth, but it really wasn't a real wild "stock up at the end of the year" type of ride.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so something like -- at Butler, something in the vicinity of where fourth quarter levels were is a reasonable outcome you think for the first quarter at this point?
Mark D. Millett: Well, so far, we're only 3 weeks into the quarter, but...
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Sure. Okay. And then just on the SBQ side, I mean the SBQ shipments, they were some of the lowest levels we've seen since '09. So I mean, are we seeing any sort of pick up at this point in the first quarter?
Richard P. Teets: I think in SBQ, we're always -- we, across the board, and as I read from others too that the order intake in SBQ has been seasonally good across the board. And so that's good for all of us.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then just on Mesabi, with the iron ore prices stepping down quite a bit for you -- iron ore costs, I should say, with Magnetation, can you give us a sense -- I mean, with that in mind and with your outlook for utilizations to ramp over the course of the year, I'm surprised we are expected to hit some sort of profit by the end of the year. So I was just curious if could just give us what you think breakeven utilization is with your now reduced concentrate cost.
Mark D. Millett: I think if we are -- it all depends on transferred price, obviously. But I think, as we said in the past, we are hopeful that we'll be in that breakeven posture by year end, and I think that is at a production rate of roughly 325,000 tons on an annualized basis. Theresa? Something like that.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just lastly, quickly, we're hearing from some folks that electrode prices might be stepping down pretty meaningfully in 2013. I just wanted to understand if that was going to be any benefit for you for the year?
Richard P. Teets: That's just a small number in our total. I can't even comment on it. We don't even talk about it at the general managers meetings. It won't be significant anymore [ph].
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dave Katz with JPMorgan.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Going back to the iron savings, so I know that eventually you're looking for 350,000 tons a year with the $90 per ton savings, that sounds like a potential $32 million of savings. But it really sounds like this year, overall, might just be a breakeven. Is that the right way to think about it?
Theresa E. Wagler: I think that the first part of it is correct in the way you think about it as it really -- when you get to that, Mark talked about getting to 350,000 tons under our current configuration. But we still believe that there's the ability to get to the 450,000 tons after we make some changes in the second quarter, and we just can't tell yet. So that first part is true for the environment we're in right now. As we go through the year, because the first quarter we're using the higher-priced inventory and then we're actually ramping up and we need to take the items in the second quarter, I think 2013 is still a developing year for Mesabi. So even though we expect to get to breakeven rate, on a monthly basis towards the end of the year, that won't result in a breakeven year.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then coming back to Engineered Bar Products, with the understanding that things are looking a little better, still from I guess the 6 quarters starting first quarter of 2011, there was kind of a consistently strong rate that was around 150,000 per quarter. And it's definitely been below that last 2 quarters. When you look at the inventory of your customers, what do you think it would take to get back to that level?
Richard P. Teets: Well, we're not back there. I'm not trying to give any indication that we're running strong and full, that I can't tell you what it's going to take. Again, we take advantage of our schedule, we run our large furnaces at off-peak hours and so forth. We are using things we've done well with combining products into efficient cash. We're pleasantly surprised that with the orders we've taken, the sequences, and we're doing the things we've learned and practiced over the past few years in trying to continue those in varying efficiencies and the like. And so we continue to do well even in a downturn, but I don't want to imply that everything is great and rosy. That's why when we said our aggregated operating rate is 80%, we're not full. And so I don't want that to be implied. And I can't tell you what it's going to take to get there.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So then I'll ask it a different way. When you speak with your customers and you're seeing that play change in the order rate, which perhaps indicates an inflection, is it an indication for them that that's due to an end of destocking or rather an increase in demand from their ultimate customer?
Richard P. Teets: I think it's a newfound consumption rate by the end users that there was a -- that the consumption rate -- inventories has been flushed and have been cleaned. I talked to a large off-road equipment manufacturer who was actually here calling on our OmniSource group and I said, "Hey, what's going out there?" And he said, "Well, I had to make 2 budgets, one with a much more upside potential and one with a little bit more realism that it's not going to get much better than it was last year." And he said, "It's just more ho-hum. And he said, "I honestly believe that's what it's going to be for a bit more continuation within that 2013." So I think it's a realization that that's the level, and that's not the consumption rate that they were forecasting and that they were running at in the past few years when things were going great. So I think it's a little bit more of the ho-hum, that things are what they are. And without a real break in construction projects worldwide, it's not going to run at a humming rate.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Parr of KeyBanc.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: The -- I wanted to just ask a question because based on a word you guys used, transfer pricing. And the -- so I mean as far as how we're going to see the Magnetation material at that savings, it may not necessarily come through Mesabi Nuggets. It comes through the Magnetation joint venture. Is that where it will show up?
Theresa E. Wagler: No. Actually, what we've started doing purposely, Mark, is talking about our Minnesota operations. And when we talk about Minnesota operations, that includes 3 entities: It includes the nugget facility, Mesabi Nugget; it includes our mining resources, which is the Magnetation joint venture; and it includes Mesabi Mining, which is our wholly-owned entity. Right now, that value would be extracted at the Mesabi Mining, which we own 100% of. So when we report it to you, it'll all show up in the same area.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And Mark, looking at some of these other releases this morning, you've got -- you got some mixed signals. I think U.S. Steel is suggesting that their flat-rolled business in the first quarter is going to be weaker from a profit perspective, but volume will be up a bit. I think AK has come out and said they expect an improved result, i.e. a smaller loss or maybe -- I don't know if there's profits in their mind yet, but at least moving in a different direction than U.S. Steel. Nucor has also suggested that 1Q will be weaker than 4Q. Can you -- do you have enough color that you could give us any, at least directionally, which way you think the earnings momentum is going to be in the first quarter?
Mark D. Millett: Well, asking Russ this morning and his crystal ball to tell me what the scrap pricing would be doing in the next 3 months, I'd be able to tell you. Obviously, we're spread business, as you know, Mark, and it's wholly dependent on where scrap moves over the next couple of months, to be honest.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I've been hearing that scrap could be down $20 in February. Is that anywhere close to what you guys would be seeing?
Richard P. Teets: Mark, I think it's going to be -- I think we'd characterize it as a soft sideways, which is -- which could be down $10, could be up $10. I think a lot of this is going to depend on the available -- or the utilization rate of the mills, what their order books look like. Again, if our mills are the indication. Certainly, they haven't deteriorated. So again, I think scrap is there. Weather has not been a real factor as of yet, although, we're not done with the month yet. So I think we'll have to see where it goes. So I think at this point, we're looking at it mostly sideways.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions on the raw material side or the input side. First of all, Theresa, this -- in your income statement, the loss attributable to noncontrolling interest of $5.5 million, is that all towards Magnetation joint venture?
Theresa E. Wagler: Those losses are a combination of the copper rod mill and the Minnesota operations, which includes the Magnetation.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is that like a bigger -- what is the bigger chunk in there from -- or is it equally divided?
Theresa E. Wagler: [indiscernible]
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Pardon me?
Theresa E. Wagler: The biggest amount is from Minnesota.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that will be mostly Magnetation because mine is -- or is mine also these lower losses in mine at the moment...
Theresa E. Wagler: No, most of that would be a Mesabi Nugget.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I want to ask you something. I'm looking at -- and I just wanted to understand this the way you report, which -- first of all, thanks for making it more and more granular every quarter. You have a metal recycling and resources P&L and also the metal recycling, which is more OmniSource. And if I look at 2012, operating income for metal recycling was $72.5 million, while the metal recycling in Ferrous Resources was a loss of $11.7 million. And the operating income of metal recycling does not even include a hedging gain, which is about $3.6 million. But that's about $84 million swing, and Mesabi Nugget was only a $40 million loss, $10 million a quarter you're taking. So I was just wondering that other $40-plus million, $40 million to $45 million, is that Magnetation and others in there? Or what would that be? Or IDI maybe in there, mostly?
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the one thing to recognize is your $40 million that you're saying from the Minnesota operation is actually a net of tax number and you're comparing that to operating income, so you're going to have to make that number pretax. So you're more looking at -- even if you just use that 40% tax rate, which it wasn't that, you're looking at $65 million, $67 million from an operating perspective for the losses related to Minnesota.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay so the rest will be mostly divided between Magnetation and IDI? Or IDI will be in there also, is that correct?
Theresa E. Wagler: Correct. The other thing that's in there is IDI, which is a small amount and Magnetation.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one last question. Mark, when I look at the path from $10 million, a quarter loss to a breakeven by the end of this year or later part of this year, obviously, raw material input costs, which is iron ore, will play a role. You lost less about $40 million post-tax or $65 million less a post-tax on 170,000 ton shipment that's about $382 a ton. Iron ore is just going to contribute $75, $80 based on $125 market price you're paying. So $125 minus $55, your cost of $50, your cost [ph]. I was just wondering the rest of this stuff is coming from efficiency and improvement. I mean do you expect this -- the Mesabi to be running pretty heavily by the end of this year to get to that kind of saving that you breakeven by the end of this year?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. Obviously, at the impact or the start curve at this moment in time is very steep. And so it doesn't take a huge increase in volume to have an appreciable impact on your cost per ton.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Timna Tanners of Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So not to pick on you, I was already going to ask this question after Sal started. But I just wanted to actually offer you a chance to kind of remind us why Mesabi is the right technology for Steel Dynamics. Really, you could have walked away from it like we've seen with other scrap upstate technologies like high smelter or others. You could adopt a different one. Can you just give us a high-level reminder of why Mesabi is so compelling for you and why it's the right alternative?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from our perspective, we still see the potential to get to the volume capacity if we were not to be optimistic or not to see the potential there, perhaps we will have a different opinion today. But again, the quality of the material is excellent, and we feel like we get the volume to where it should be. The cost structure should be competitive. And when you look at all these different materials, whether you look at DRI, whether you look at Mesabi or whether you look at Iron Dynamics, whether you look at scrap, whether you look at the blast furnace roof, there are a lot of variables and a lot of assumptions that come to play. We still feel that Mesabi Nugget will be competitive certainly against integrated mills that have market-based ore as a raw material.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: How do you compare it to what we're hearing about DRI?
Mark D. Millett: DRI? The DRI facility utilizing captive, and I emphasize captive ore and $4 per dekatherm gas, that there are very few technologies out there that will beat that.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Switching gears, if I could, just the other question I wanted to hone in on is, you talk a lot about improving nonresidential construction as an opportunity to deploy the mills at full utilization and also about using gas, about the greater manufacturing in this country because of cheap natural gas. Are those just things that you're modeling? Are you seeing any of that yet? And then if you talk about cheap gas benefits, I don't know how to quantify the steel that would go into, say, a chemical processing plant or some of those other opportunities. Can you help us with that?
Mark D. Millett: I think it's more macro than that, Timna. I think the shale gas or just having gas at $4 and some would say hey, long term, gas will perhaps come out at $5 through the cycle. When you compare that with Europe, it probably -- there's probably around $8, $10, $11 a dekatherm; you have Asia probably $10, $15. I mean that gives an incredible, incredible incentive to invest in this country. And it's not the specific consumption of steel units in building a chemical plant. It's the fact that it has the opportunity to truly change the economy of America. And we'll be the beneficiary thereof through manufacturing and oil and energy and transportation, all those things.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Viswanathan with Longbow Research.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: So I just had a question on recycling, looks like there was some pretty good performance in the quarter. How do you see that, I guess, playing out sequentially over the next couple of quarters and why?
Russel B. Rinn: Arun, anytime we can get a market that rises in the quarter, I think recycling has got a pretty good chance of doing well, which is what happened in the third quarter. We had fairly significant price increases throughout the quarter. I think as we go into the first quarter here, those look like they've played out. So I think we're looking at more of a flat market. So again, I think we won't get the benefit of those market swings upwards to that degree. I think on the other side, if you look at the nonferrous, and that market seems to have firmed somewhat, although we do have Chinese New Year coming up which generally has 10 puts of data over nonferrous. So I would -- I think what we're looking at, at that this point is a very similar year like 2012 where it's going to be -- where scrap is going to be traded largely in the range. It's not going to have the big spikes up and down, or if they do, they're going to reverse themselves very quickly.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And similarly, I guess, on the natural resources side, it is helpful that you guys kind of broke it out from recycling within the segment. And what's the path to, I guess, profitability from a timeline perspective? And are there any roadblocks to achieving that?
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the primary thing that's affecting the metals recycling and ferrous resources segment really is the Minnesota operation. And so much of what we've talked about on the call are already that past to profitability. That's what's going to cause the segment to become more profitable, as well as some of the initiatives we're taking in metals recycling, even though Russ mentioned that the year in the volatility or pricing perspective could be very similar to 2012. There's other things that we're doing to enhance margins that are outside of the market arena, such as some of the nonferrous recovery systems and some the cost reduction initiatives that we're taking in certain areas as well. So there's a lot of things that we're implementing in 2013 that should cause that to improve.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And the last question I had was on construction and flat-rolled. I guess as Michelle said, we are seeing some improvement in ABI and so on. Do you believe that non-res trends would ultimately translate to stronger construction market in the second half? What are your customers telling you? And is that a fair assumption?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, all I can tell you is that we still have some galvanizing capacity that services mostly the construction market. And that I don't see that being filled up in the summertime or in the fall. So I don't really believe -- I know and I understand what trends do and what they send the messages for and so forth. But I think we're still a long way away from recognizing a healthy, non-res and residential construction market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Hayes with Davenport & Company.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of housekeeping items. Did you give the operating income for OmniSource in the quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, the operating income for OmniSource for this quarter was $25.8 million.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And does that include the $9.8 million mark-to-market gain?
Theresa E. Wagler: That's correct.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then quickly, the shipments for the steel ops by the categories is the hot-rolled, pig iron ore, et cetera. You got those?
Theresa E. Wagler: I do. For the fourth quarter Flat Roll shipment, we had 300,000 tons of hot-rolled, 92,000 tons of P&O, 37,000 tons of cold-rolled, 117,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 53,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 97,000 tons of painted and finally 18,000 tons of Galvalume.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tony Rizzuto with Dahlman Rose.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just got a couple of quick questions here. How far out now are your lead times at Butler? And how does that compare to lead times before the latest price hike announcements?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, we don't really talk about backlogs that much anymore almost across the board, but we look at what our cash uses are scheduled at, and we continue to have 2 cash use schedule. And so if I sit out a couple of weeks, again, we've got our painted products that are sold out, out in the margin and so forth. So -- and again, the hot bands, we got -- we probably got some spots and -- in the beginning of February, that we're open and so forth. But the value-added products, we're filling up at the end of February and into March already. So again, we don't really think of it as a backlog like that, that much. We look at it from a where do we schedule the cash use for.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Dick, that -- so that, what, is it about 3 to 5 weeks on average type of level?
Richard P. Teets: Yes. I would guess that what would it translate to. Yes, sir.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: And there's been -- have there been discernible changes though since the latest -- I mean you guys indicated that maybe it was a little prebuy -- pre-hike buying that was maybe going on a little bit?
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I think that will translate to. Yes, sir.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: And have there been discernable changes, though, since the latest -- I mean, you guys indicated that maybe it was a little pre-hike buying that was maybe going on a little bit?
Richard P. Teets: It was a little bit, that's true.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And as far as the -- just a couple of other things here, I think, Mark, you mentioned, your response on earlier question about the M&A and it was kind of an open-ended response that you made. Strategically, though, should we think about any M&A activity? Would it be most likely more bolt-on for you guys rather than transformational in terms of magnitude?
Mark D. Millett: Our growth focus at least this past year and our implementation standpoint into 2013 has been to leverage our existing assets and try to enhance the margin and the utilization of those structural mill. I think the SBQ expansion and the supply from Columbia City, along with the head-hardened rail initiative at Columbia City is going to bode very, very well for that enterprise. And it follows -- excuse me. It follows our focus, sort of our strategic thought that we want to enhance margin but we also want to get a little bit more consistent margin through the cycle. And that's certainly going to help there. But our focus of the past year has been more internal. From a standpoint of M&A activity as we said, we are a growth company and we will look at opportunity. We certainly would not consider getting out of our discipline. Let me speak corporateship [ph] and that needs to be the capability of margin enhancement.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. I appreciate that. And then finally, anything new to report in terms of your permit process on the mining side in Minnesota?
Mark D. Millett: Simply, no. That continues to be a very arduous task, and it, unfortunately, changes, I want to say daily, but the restrictions and the direction, the focus of the state agencies there are ever-changing. And so it's tough to hit a moving target, to be honest. But I would suggest that a permit for the brownfield mine is not going to be forthcoming in the next year, 18 months, maybe 2 years. Again, we're very, very fortunate in having the joint venture with Magnetation providing good material. Again, that's not new material. We've already used it. We've been using Magnetation type material for the past year on and off. But that is a -- and it's more than a bridge. The reserves for that facility are substantial, and the technology will be able to provide all the needs from Mesabi Nugget going forward. So the mine, it's not an essential issue to gain that permit but we do feel there's value there, going forward, long term. And hence, we will continue to pursue a permit.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And on that topic, just to further follow it, obviously, it looks like this President and the administration is starting to talk more and more about the carbon tax legislation. I just wonder if you could give us your thoughts about how this might impact your company and maybe some thoughts on manufacturing in this country. And there's been a lot of excitement about the resurgence, if you will, of industrial activity here. But is this -- is it moving in the wrong direction if we start to see this stock rear its ugly head again?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's certainly a distraction for a lot of people. And your guess is as good as mine as to the end result. Yes, it looks right there that some of it is not openly discussed, is that the phenomenal reduction in carbon gasses here on the last year or so by the shale gas phenomenon. Utilities are changing their power generation by a large amount from coal-fired to gas. If you look at the capital expenditures going forward, they're squarely focused on cash generation. And that's -- it's a massive drop in the carbon footprint already. And it seems that the administration and agencies don't want to even recognize that.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Gambardella of JPMorgan.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Hey, I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on this Minnesota operation. So you're estimating that you're going to be right around breakeven by year-end. And I just want to get some details on how you get there. Because if we're starting with about a $65 million pretax loss for Minnesota, I think I heard you say, for the year, annualized, even if we take the benefit from the concentrate, the maximum benefit of, say, $90 per ton multiplied by the top end of the range, 450,000 tons, we're talking about a benefit or incremental improvement of about $40 million, $41 million. That still leaves us with about a $25 million loss. So is that all going to be picked up on the conversion improving? And what is the conversion cost, what are the conversion costs right now and what do you hope for them to be?
Mark D. Millett: Michael, we've always refrained from talking about conversion cost until we have the facility running closer to design, so that we can speak intelligently about that. And I would say that the principal difference is volume. Now obviously, there's going to be some -- further work on cost compression from maintenance and all those good things. And I think we may have the transfer price appreciating just a hair, but not substantially.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But if you have a $65 million loss on a concentrate, which you probably won't achieve, you're probably not going to achieve that full $90 per ton, against 450,000 tons by year end, is all of the rest of the benefit to get up to the breakeven just on the conversion cost expectations improving?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. And I think our revelopment [ph] cost is coming off a little bit. As I said, incremental pickup in the transfer price. So together, we -- that's what we predicted. I mean, we may not make it and we may be better than that. But...
Theresa E. Wagler: Mike, one thing I'd like to point out is, it's not a one-for-one on the amount of conversion that you use to create one nugget. It's more like, what...
Mark D. Millett: Today it's close to 1.7, 1.75.
Theresa E. Wagler: 1.7 to 1.75. So when you're thinking about the incremental benefit, you have to look at the tons of concentrates that are actually needed to produce 1 ton of nugget.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just because of the grade, right?
Mark D. Millett: For the grade and just the efficiency of the process, that yield will improve with time, but that's where we are today.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, what -- could you give us a ballpark what you're paying today for landed pig iron or DRI, or whatever kind of scrap substitute you're buying?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we haven't bought any pig iron recently, but Ryan...
Robert S. Walters: Pig prices are about $405. New Orleans, probably both.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then how much would it be to get it up to your mill?
Mark D. Millett: Freight is close to $45, $45, $47.
Robert S. Walters: That's correct.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I guess you're looking -- I mean, how would you characterize where you hope to be versus landed pig iron price of like $445?
Mark D. Millett: Price a ton from Mesabi?
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Mark D. Millett: Again, we refrain from talking about that.
Theresa E. Wagler: No, Mike, we still feel comfortable with what we believe the eventual cost structure will be with both all of our Minnesota operations combined. Now we feel it's competitive for us to have it versus buying open market pig iron being subject to vagaries of what those markets are, and whether or not they're available because the weather or whatnot. So we still believe in the process. But as Mark said a couple of times on the call, we do need to see what happens with the changes that we expect to make in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Gagliano with Barclays.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify a couple of things with regards to the first quarter outlook. I heard a couple of different moving parts here with regards to order books improving but potentially some prebuying. So these are very basic questions. But just in general for your steel operations business, could you give us a sense as to volume expectations, overall Q1 versus Q4? Maybe it's a range on a percentage basis or something along those lines. That's my first question.
Richard P. Teets: I think we will still be operating in our 80% range of our utilization of the steel mills. Flat Roll continues to be at the higher end of it. SBQ and rail structure mill like the lower end, our Steel of West Virginia is basically almost fully booked. And Roanoke, their rolling mill has built a little bit of inventory, but their melt shop is not running full because they're not selling any belts on the open market. And so that's about where we are now.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So is the one-word summary there flat sequentially on volumes?
Richard P. Teets: Well, that's just like...
Mark D. Millett: Seasonally. Yes.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then my next question was actually related in moving parts on pricing as well. Can you give us a sense directionally on your pricing expectations given where we are in the quarter at this point, overall in steel operations?
Mark D. Millett: A, we don't comment, David, on that. And secondly, again, we're operating in many cycles anymore. And we could tell you one thing tomorrow today and 2 weeks from now, it would be very different. So we would hate to speculate for you.
David Gagliano - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the last question, scrap. Let's assume scrap is flat for the remainder of the quarter. Any reason to expect unit cost to move directionally significantly sequentially in the steel operations?
Mark D. Millett: I guess the one thing that which we do see the -- have consistency and that is our cost structure. I don't think given volumes remained stable, there's nothing on the horizon, I don't believe.
Richard P. Teets: Well, again, I'm, just to throw a couple of plugs in, I'm very proud of the steel operations that we're not spending huge capital moneys, but just about each of the operations have continued to improve their efficiencies, yield, we've had record productions at many of these facilities. And we find our best opportunity for improved performance is by lowering our cost structures. And we continue to make strides there and that's where the best bang for the buck is, is we've been installing smaller pieces of equipment, better utilization on it and on and on. All from safety right on down through quality and yield and efficiency. So I think we'll continue to see good performance even in a weak -- in a not solid book.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Tumazos. John Tumazos, independent research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: My question is on the recycling market. Over the last several years, scrap and the nonferrous metals prices vary a good deal. Copper is down about $1 from its high. Aluminum and zinc inventories are records. Generally nonferrous is depressed. How do these interactions affect your profitability? Do they manifest themselves in lower scrap flows if multiproduct function like the dismantlement of an automobiles and net residual value? Or do you buy at a lower price? Does it necessarily affect your margins if your margin is spread? How do you look at the complex multivariate function of dismantlement of an automobile or an appliance or some other good with many materials in it?
Gary E. Heasley: John, it's a good question. Again, I think in the scrap world, recycling world, in essence, you're a trader. When you're buying, you're selling. So those margins can compress and expand depending on how well you do each side of that function. So again, I'm very proud of our team and their market knowledge and their market anticipation is to where these things are headed. So again, I think as we, particularly in the nonferrous as we buy and sell, certainly, we get some extraction out of the shredders and out of the downstream facilities. But again, those -- they're going to move with the market both on the buy side and the sell side.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: For example, is your copper less than it was 2 years ago when copper peaked at $462? Or is it coming in just because people just collect the whole automobile or the whole good?
Richard P. Teets: I think the flows are generally stable or not. Again, they'll move -- if we get a big construction market, certainly the demand for copper will go up and the usage of copper will rise and which generate scrap, as an example. So again, I think it's going to flow with the economic trends in general terms.
Mark D. Millett: I think, John, you might be amazed. Obviously, the industrial flow, those folks, the providers are very, very in tune with where the copper market is. And you're not going to hoodwink or take advantage of them. But it's amazing how even the peddler has a good knowledge. So when you're buying a car, a hulk, they're baking that the value is not only of the ferrous component of that hulk, but also the nonferrous. It's incredible how efficient the market is.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Lipschitz of CLSA.
David A. Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'll be quick. My question is, it seems like every fourth quarter your metal spread compresses but yet your operating income beats that spread. And you said sort of your conversion costs were kind of flat. So I'm just wondering what's in -- is it a seasonal factor with the fourth quarter? I'm just wondering why that is.
Mark D. Millett: I'm not so sure I've studied it quite that way, and can't tell you, to be honest.
David A. Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Basically, so if you look at like your metal spread each from third to fourth quarter continues to -- has compressed the last 3 years, but your operating profit this year was up $2 a ton in the Flat Roll division. Last year it was up $13, I think, but metal compression was $29 a ton. So you said so the conversion costs were kind of flattish. So I'm just wondering if there's anything else in that number that would cause it to be that way.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, actually, if you look from division to division and we don't talk about it in that granularity, but the conversion cost at some of divisions were much lower from different cost initiatives that they serve whether it was less maintenance because of the holidays or whatnot and it did make a difference. So maybe that could be impacted, I guess, every fourth quarter. And we've not looked at it from that form or fashion but say that conversion costs are relatively steady, I think if you look at the impact each mill had, overall conversion costs were lower.
David A. Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is that a normal thing for fourth quarter, though, for overall? If you go back over time, is that just with the holidays, less maintenance, things like that?
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm hesitant to say that it is only because to March 22 [ph] I haven't looked at it from that way but we will. And it could be just because of the holidays if that's the case. But I'll get back to you again. I'm not sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Yu of Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Mark, you've given a lot of information on Mesabi. I just want to make sure that I've got my numbers right here. So currently, it's running at about 240,000 tons annualized run rate. And you're expecting to get up to 325,000 annualized by year end at which point you'll reach breakeven, is that correct?
Mark D. Millett: That would be the hope, yes, the expectation of the team.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Now in terms of the capital improvements, you're going to finish those up in the second quarter. So what else are you anticipating or buffers are you building into your expectations that -- where do we get from here better than breakeven so that this starts to -- on a return on capital? What else can you speak on?
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Volume is the most pivotal thing now that we have a lower raw material input cost. And it's -- as with any pioneering effort, you don't put one in and somebody turn it on and you get that productivity. There's a learning curve. It's just the same, we put in some option enrichment in the -- this past shutdown just to trial certain things ahead of the spring shutdown. And it's a learning curve. I mean, it certainly had an effect of improving the thermal efficiency and we melted all the nuggets on the half and now it's one big plate of iron then. So it's just learning how the new technologies, the new processors behave. So we see just a continued -- well, my hope is a continued ramp-up through the year.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. Is there a way to think about how much the process has been troubleshooted thus far?
Mark D. Millett: Again, I used the word I think earlier, disappointing, from a productivity standpoint, because I think the experience, the learning curve from a knowledge -- from a knowledge perspective and a process perspective has been absolutely huge the last 6 months or so. And again, if you look at certain periods of time, we're achieving [indiscernible] in a row. It's a matter of getting that consistent [indiscernible]
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just quickly on the scrap march, we've seen [indiscernible] international demand for U.S. scrap will be stronger than what we've seen thus far. Any color you can share on where you guys are seeing from some of your more traditional volume partners and why they were not seeing scrap price actually move up consistent with the iron ore markets?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think, Brian, part of it has to do with world demand. I think the Chinese certainly -- the Asians certainly have continued on a relatively static basis. The Turks have been erratic. They are the big consumer on the East Coast [indiscernible]. I think as I look at the exchange rate, the dollar-euro exchange rate, as the dollar continues to weaken, certainly I think that's going wind up making the U.S.-based scrap more affordable for the Turks. And so I would anticipate that their appetite would grow as far as U.S.-based scrap is concerned, as long as that euro stays at $1.34, $1.35. Certainly that makes it scrap attractive.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Charles Bradford of Bradford Research.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: First, I'd like to talk for a minute or 2 about your energy usage. I've got a model that's about 6% and 7% of sales in total. Does that make sense?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: When I try to break...
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm sorry. Not of sales, but of cost of goods sold.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Okay. When I try to break that down between electricity and natural gas, I guess something like more than 75% being electricity. Does that also make sense?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes.
Charles Bradford: And now an area where I'm having a lot of trouble is the electricity portion. How much of that is coal-based power, how much of it might be nuclear or how much might be gas? Do you have any idea in how that's exchanging?
Robert S. Walters: We don't know that, Chuck. When we go -- when we contract for power, it's faceless. The power company always have a contract. It's regardless of the supply you normally go out without a contract into the market. It's just that at whatever the rate the market supplies, and you could normally tell what department -- you used to be able to tell what you were getting based on the price when natural gas was so expensive relative to nuclear coal. But now with the shale gas, you can't tell that anymore. So it's totally faceless test. We have no idea what electricity generation -- what source of the generation is whether it's coal, nuclear or gas.
Charles A. Bradford - Bradford Research, Inc.: Are you seeing any trend towards increased electric cost on some of the -- I keep hearing about the coal as you mentioned being converted to gas? And are some of the solar subsidies affecting what you're paying.
Gary E. Heasley: All I can say is that we have had indications from several of our contract suppliers that in the next round of contracts, there will be a -- part of our discussions associated with significant increases to cost that they will be expected to expand for the conversion to natural gas or for the installation of scrubbers for Mercury. And so there were -- we see that and you can also see out a little bit as far as sometimes in the future strips that there are an anticipation of an increase in cost in the futures markets.
Operator: Our final question today is from the line of Sal Tharani of Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Russ, a quick question. There was a remark made by Mark and I think it's in the press release also that you took some advantage of strong December in the ferrous market. I was just wondering if you can quantify A or B, does it mean that we should expect a little lower volume as we enter the year with a lower volume of inventory on hand? In the first quarter, should we assume a lower volume number?
Russel B. Rinn: Sal, I think the inventory chain or the supply chain throughout the inventory, whether it's our yards or [indiscernible] yards or mills is pretty narrow, it's pretty thin. So I think what you're seeing is most of the scrap is being collected is flowing. So I think, again, it's going to be -- it comes down to the order books to the mills and our fabric customers and other customers that [indiscernible] scrap is available out there. I think it's just a matter of what those order books look like. So if the order books remain flat, remain stable, I think we'll have a flat to stable supply of scrap in terms of volume.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Now with the current pricing on scrap, is the flow [indiscernible]
Richard P. Teets: Again, I think certainly there are spots where it does not meet the expectations of the sellers. There's spots where it does not meet the expectation of the buyer. In those cases, there are times when scrap gets held off the market to some degree, but it's not, it's not terrible.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: I just wanted to thank you, all, for your patience. It's quite a long call. Thank you for your interest in our company and hopefully, you will continue to support us. To our customers, thank you for your support also. And employees, a big heartfelt thanks from all of us here for your hard work, your dedication, and we implore you to work safely each and every minute out there. Thank you, all. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Marlene Owen Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation and President of Omnisource Corporation Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, President of Steel Operations, Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations and Executive Director Gary E. Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this call is being recorded today, October 18, 2012, and your participation implies consent to our recording this call. If you do not agree to these terms, simply disconnect. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Steel Dynamics Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Clint. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce one of the newest members of our team, Marlene Owen. She joined us in September as the Director of Investor Relations, and we're excited to have her as part of the team. Marlene's contact information is on our website and also noted on our press release. I will now turn the call over to Marlene for a review of our forward-looking statements.
Marlene Owen: Thank you, Theresa. I am glad to be here. Good morning, everyone. I would also like to extend my welcome to you, and thank you for joining us for Steel Dynamics' third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded, and the recording will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that, by their nature, are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date today, October 18, 2012, and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or to general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website, in our Form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or, as applicable, in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Joining today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and the company's platform executive vice presidents, including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer of our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer of our metals recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Now for opening remarks, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Excuse [ph] us. Thank you, Marlene, and welcome aboard. Welcome to our team.
Marlene Owen: Thank you.
Mark D. Millett: Glad to have you. I'd also like to add my thanks to each and every one of you for joining us this morning to discuss the quarter's results and also to talk about some of the nearer-term earnings catalysts that relate specifically to Steel Dynamics that will further differentiate us from our peers. But before that, I would like to applaud our team on our safety record in the quarter. I want to especially congratulate certain employee groups for a stellar performance because I think it's very, very noteworthy. Our entire Michigan division of our recycling platform, plus 47 other metal recycling locations, have had 0 recordable incidents this year. Our Steel of West Virginia, The Techs and Jacksonville steel making locations have had 0 lost-time incidents this year. At SDI LaFarga, our cold-rolled facility, has had 0 lost-time incidents for 15 consecutive months, which I think, in aggregate, is a phenomenal performance. As you know, safety is our highest priority, and my congratulations to the entire team. We continue to live and operate in a challenging time that constantly tests our mettle. The U.S. market remains tepid as uncertainty surrounding the strength of Europe's financial condition, slower growth in China and the near-term U.S. economic and political environment continues to weigh heavily on businesses' appetite for both capital investment and product procurement. Fortunately, we have a talented team that is up to the task. Each successive quarter, they continued to perform at the top of our peer group, maintaining our low-cost position, and differentiating factors, driving our success and superior financial metrics. During the quarter, we achieved sequential quarterly financial improvement in our metals recycling and fabrication platforms but saw a decline in the profitability of our steel operations as overall shipments dropped 8%. Operating income from our steel operations is down on a sequential and prior year, quarterly basis, attributable mostly to decreased profitability in our long products divisions, and most notably in our Engineered Bar Products operations. We reported net income of $13 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, on net sales of $1.7 billion for the third quarter of 2012. This is below the $0.20 reported in the second quarter this year and lower than last year's third quarter results of $0.19 per diluted share. It's important to note that most of the earnings decrease is attributable to 2 unique items we communicated to you in our guidance. The first and most impactful was a refinancing expense of $26.3 million or $0.07 per diluted share; and the second is a noncash impairment charge of $7.9 million, or $0.02 a share, related to the termination of our 2 small joint ventures. Theresa's going to provide greater detail for these items in a few minutes. Excluding these charges, our third quarter diluted earnings per share would have been $0.15. Overall steel demand was down in the quarter. Volumes fell most significantly, 32%, within our higher-margin special-bar-quality products as customers began to realign inventories throughout their supply chain. The exuberant 2012 growth expectations communicated late in 2011 and to this year related to the yellow [ph] line, transportation and other heavy manufacturing sectors dissipated somewhat as actual growth was less than anticipated and customers realized their inventories were mismatched to current growth expectations. Our steel metals operated at 79% production utilization rate during the third quarter, which is lower than the rate of 83% we displayed for the second quarter this year. This compares to an estimated third quarter domestic industry rate of some 75% among U.S. producers. Notably, though, even though nonresidential construction is still anemic, our Structural and Rail division has increased utilization to 54% year-to-date. Remarkably, the mill continues to remain profitable. It's a testament to our highly variable cost structure and low-cost position. Rail production continues to provide support to our market diversification strategy there. Our 2012 year-to-date rail shipments were 107,000 tons, or about 14% of our sales mix, compared to the same period of 2011 with shipments of 97,000 tons. We remain focused on increasing this volume and providing greater market diversification for this facility and mitigating our dependence on the nonresidential construction sector. Operating income per ton shipped for our steel operations decreased 15% from the second quarter rate of $91 to a third quarter rate of $78. Average steel pricing related to third quarter shipments declined $45 in the quarter, just over 5%. The cost per scrap used in our furnaces in production during the third quarter declined $44 per ton. Our steel backlogs were generally lower at the end of September compared to the end of June. On our second quarter earnings conference call, we noted that our market intelligence indicated some customers were preparing to reduce inventory in order to mitigate market exposure and release working capital from their supply chain. We indeed saw that happen in conjunction with softening demand in some sectors. Although customer sentiment remains relatively positive, there's an ongoing hesitancy to build inventories in this environment of uncertainty. There's a mentality to order strictly what will meet near-term needs. End markets remain mixed, automotive and manufacturing sectors remain positive, transportation softened somewhat, and additionally, agriculture continues to remain muted due to the impact from extreme drought conditions throughout the U.S. We've also seen some pressure in the energy sector specifically related to reduced natural gas drilling as natural gas prices remain low. Nonetheless, our steel operations continue to outperform our industry peers throughout the market cycle. The team delivered best-in-class results by maintaining their laser focus on being the lowest-cost producer out there. They also remain committed to creating customer value and exceeding our customers' highest expectations. For metals recycling, the domestic industry experienced a volatile third quarter. Going through the quarter, the ferrous scrap market remained oversupplied as the export market weakened, leaving material that would normally have gone to Turkey or elsewhere here in the States. This resulted in significant price declines. On top of that, U.S. steel mill utilization declined, resulting in reduced domestic demand. As compared to both the second quarter of 2012 and the third quarter of 2011, our ferrous scrap shipments declined 10% to 1.3 million tons for the quarter. As we ended August, scrap pricing rose sharply due to increased export activity and perceived domestic inventory shortfall at the steel mills. This uptick was a significant factor in achieving the 23% increase in sequential quarterly ferrous margins. Nonferrous margins held steady overall, although unrealized hedging losses during the quarter decreased earnings by some $9 million. Nonferrous volumes decreased 4% when compared to the sequential second quarter and 7% as compared to last year's third quarter. Last quarter, we said we were implementing several initiatives in 2012 and into 2013 to help offset some of the macro supply and demand dynamics that continued to hinder the metals recycling market. We opened additional retail yards to increase flow of higher-margin material and are introducing new technology to recover even more nonferrous materials from our shredding operations to reduce year loss and increase margins. We expect these recovery operations to begin operating in the first quarter of 2013. The metals recycling business was quite a rollercoaster ride throughout the third quarter, and it's unlikely we will see that volatility subside in the near term in any meaningful way. As is typical for us, we're taking deliberate actions to mitigate the impact market volatility has on our business performance, at least to the degree we can, and the team has done an excellent job developing, planning and implementing these initiatives. In our Minnesota operations, one of the key aspects of our success has been controlling our costs as far as the supply chain is possible, coupled with innovative approaches to execution. We said that our pioneering assets in Minnesota will provide SDI with capital source of iron, eliminating dependence on foreign pig iron markets. They have. Even though we purchased a small amount of third-party pig iron this year, production at both our Minnesota operations and Iron Dynamics could have fairly supported our current steel production requirements for pig iron. We currently don't expect the need for further third-party purchases. Last quarter, we indicated that significant progress has been made since restarting the nugget facility in May, and the mechanical and process changes were necessary to fully achieve production and product quality expectations. While operating during the third quarter, we were able to determine the exact nature of these changes. As mentioned in our press release, beginning mid-September, we began a 6-week outage to lay the groundwork necessary to prepare for the implementation of productivity and quality improvements. Our current expectation is to recommence operations in November with additional equipment installation expected to occur in the first half of 2013. We obviously will provide more specific time line as we go forward. And keep in mind some of this timing is contingent on equipment delivery schedules. So we're pleased to report that our Minnesota iron concentrate facility started operating in September and supplied its first shipment to the nugget facility before the end of the quarter. We are proud of the team there and appreciate their dedication and hard work. This is a pivotal achievement toward lowering the eventual cost structure of iron nuggets. As we've suggested in the past, please keep in mind we still have higher-priced iron concentrate in inventory, which must be used through the remainder of 2012 and into the first quarter of next year. Therefore, we want to immediately realize the full benefit of the reduced-cost concentrate. We continue to pursue permitting of our brownfield mine, and there are no new updates relative to that effort. Moving on to fabrication operations. The continued weak nonresidential construction market provides a challenging operating environment for our 6 fabrication plants. Although 2 months' trend does not make, and although only incremental, the Architectural Billing Index began an upward turn in July and continued to improve in August, slightly breaking over the 50 threshold after declining the 4 previous consecutive quarters, I mean, months. The upward tick would suggest a potential improvement in future nonresidential building activity, and the data suggests that growth is occurring principally in the South and the West U.S., which aligns well with our new plants in Arkansas, Nevada and Mexico. Our volumes are growing through gains in market share as the team continues to win new customers. The group continues to broaden our geographic footprint to garner national accounts and remains focused on customer service and cost containment. Our backlog in September was stronger than at the end of June, and we're pleased to report continued improvement in operating profit for our fabrication operations. We set up facilities and their operating teams were ready to execute as the market opportunities presented themselves. And they are. And as a reminder, we're configured with a national presence now, having 425,000 tons of capacity, and the team is working diligently to utilize that capacity. They're making progress, and we appreciate their contributions. I think it can be seen that Steel Dynamics is still delivering superior performance despite very challenging markets, and the company continues to drive towards maximizing opportunities to effectively and efficiently perform through the cycle when compared to our domestic peers. Our operating and EBITDA margins continue to be best in class. Superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrates the sustainability of our business model. In keeping with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout the company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth, whether new products, new technologies or new business lines. The focus is to reward not only top line revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide consistency to margins to provide our shareholders with a return that demonstrate our commitment to making Steel Dynamics the preferred investment decision. And to that end, I believe recognizing the latent long-term value of our company is clearly demonstrated in our ability to successfully weather the downturns. And we are squarely focused on positioning the company for long-term growth, and there are number of earnings catalysts that I would suggest are compelling. As I mentioned on the last quarter's call, we have expanded our steelmaking capacity to 7.4 million tons since the 2008 downturn and have yet to fully realize the benefit. We will be expanding the capacity and product offerings of our SBQ operations, hitting all the key success drivers: product and market diversification, customer support, increased margins and great returns on capital. The SBQ expansion will offer greater utilization in our Structural and Rail division as they are intended to supply booms to the SBQ expansion. The mill -- the Minnesota operations will benefit from our lower-cost iron concentrate, and after equipment modifications are completed, we expect to achieve increased productivity, which should drive significant improvement in financial performance. These are a few of many initiatives that have the potential to be appreciable earnings drivers, and we look forward to keeping everyone up-to-date on the progress of these initiatives as they occur. And so with that, I will pass the call over to Theresa for an update on our financial results.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. As mentioned, our earnings per diluted share for the third quarter were $0.06, above our earlier guidance of between $0.01 and $0.05 per diluted share. Two unique charges reduced our earnings in the third quarter. Had those charges not occurred, the company would have reported third quarter earnings of $0.15 per diluted share. Those unique items included the incurrence of nonoperating charges related to our third quarter refinancing activities of $26.3 million or $0.17 per diluted share. Those charges are shown in our income statement as other expense below the operating income line. I will detail the resulting average maturity extension and interest savings in a few minutes. We also recorded noncash impairment charges of $7.9 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, related to the intended termination of 2 small joint ventures. One related to the manufacture of composite type, of which we own 84%, and the other is production of abrasive materials, of which we own 90%. Just to note, neither of those operations were in our reportable segments, so you won't see that allocated to the earnings of any of those segments. The decisions to terminate these joint ventures triggered an assessment for impairment in the third quarter: the impairment charges less the difference between the estimated fair values of the assets compared to their book value. On a sequential quarterly basis, that is, comparing the third quarter of 2012 to the second quarter of this year, revenues decreased $216 million, or 11%, caused by a 13% decrease in revenues from both our steel and metals recycling businesses as booked volumes and pricing decreased in the quarter. Our consolidated gross margin percentage declined 30 basis points. Margin compression within our steel operations was more than offset by gains achieved in our metals recycling and fabrication operations. Despite decreased volumes, ferrous margins expanded our metals recycling operations, resulting in operating income of $16.6 million or $25.9 million after excluding noncash, unrealized hedging losses. This compares to operating income of $5.1 million or $4 million after excluding noncash, unrealized hedging gains in the second quarter of this year. When we compare the third quarter of 2012 to the same period of 2011, our gross margin percentage decreased 51 basis points primarily due to macro industry conditions explained earlier. Our operating income per ton shipped for steel operations declined $17 when compared to the third quarter of 2011 as average pricing fell further than scrap costs during the period. However, operating income from metals recycling improved $5.1 million. Gross interest expense for the third quarter was $41.8 million based on an effective interest rate of 7%. Based on our current refinanced capital structure, the fourth quarter of 2012 will benefit approximately $6 million in interest cost savings when compared to our pre-financed structure. Moving into 2013, the expectation, based on our current capital structure and prevailing interest rate, is for interest expense to decrease approximately $20 million as compared to full year estimates for 2012. Our third quarter effective tax rate was considerably lower than previous quarters at 15.4%, including noncontrolling interest. The decrease in the effective rate was attributable to a favorable adjustment in our reserves for unrecognized tax benefits, which was based on new information gathered in the third quarter. However, this benefit was largely offset by an increase in our overall estimated full year [indiscernible]. You may also have noted that our diluted shares in the third quarter were lower than usual. We will require to exclude the share impact of our convertible notes, about 16.6 million shares, because the result would have been anti-dilutive or, in other words, would have actually increased our diluted EPS during the quarter. Cash flow from operations provided $117 million during the third quarter. Funding operational working capital was $23 million, primarily related to decreased inventories, which were more than offset by decreases in payables and accruals. Strong cash flow generation during this challenging environment is a continued testament to our low-cost, highly variable cost structure and diverse, value-added product portfolio. Our third quarter capital investments totaled $58 million and were $150 million year-to-date. Just over 40% of these third quarter investments were related to our copper rod mill, which started operating in July, and our iron concentrate joint venture, which began operations the last week of September. Third quarter depreciation was consistent at $45 million. Our current estimates for fourth quarter 2012 capital investments is in the range of $50 million to $60 million. As mentioned on our last quarterly earnings call, over 70% of capital investments planned for 2012 are what we would consider growth-oriented, or projects that are intended to increase capacity, efficiency and margin in future periods. We are very pleased with the execution of the tenders in August for our 7.375% Senior Notes which were due November of 2012 and our 7.75% Senior Notes which were due April 2016. We repaid $170 million of the notes with available cash and refinanced the remaining $750 million from net proceeds received from the issuance of new Senior Notes: the 7-year 6.125% $400 million tranche due in 2019 and a 10-year 6.375% $350 million tranche due in 2020. We've created an even greater long-term flexibility on our capital structure through the repayment of a portion of our debt, which we indicated will be due earlier this year, and through the extension of our debt maturity profile and through the reduction of our interest burden. At the end of the third quarter, total debt was $2.2 billion. Our current net debt, defined as total debt less cash and short-term investments, to trailing adjusted EBITDA was 3.1x, and our interest coverage ratio was 3.8x. Our long-term preference is to maintain that leverage below 3x. If trailing adjusted EBITDA is adjusted for the full year 2012 refinancing charges of approximately $40 million, our operating net leverage remains below 3x at 2.9x. At the end of the third quarter, cash and restricted cash totaled $315 million. We also had the full benefit of our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility which had no outstanding borrowings at the end of the quarter. Our balance sheet remained strong with over $1.4 billion of liquidity and minimal secured borrowings. Looking forward, our near-term cash allocation plan remains to invest in our existing operations, to reduce a portion of our outstanding debt while maintaining sufficient liquidity for growth and to provide for cash dividends to shareholders. Lastly, for those of you who use the breakdown of our Flat Roll division shipments for your financial models, during the third quarter, we shipped 254,000 tons of hot-rolled, 82,000 tons of P&O, 38,000 tons of cold-rolled, 89,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 50,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 100,000 tons of painted products and 26,000 tons of Galvalume for a total of 639,000 tons. Thank you. I will now pass the call back over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. I guess in conclusion of our opening remarks, I'd like to again thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and their dedication and their commitment to safety. Each and every one of you contributes, and each and every one of you makes an impact to our company. I also would like to thank our loyal customers and shareholders for their continued trust and support. So now, Clint, I'd like to open the call for questions that you may have, any of the listeners may have, for myself or the team.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to the side of Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping to kick it off with kind of a 2-part question on scrap. Have recent conditions been tough enough to kind of encourage some of the smaller, maybe less advantaged scrap processors out there to close up shop? Are we starting to see any sort of a supply response given the weak profitability there? And then also, I just kind of wanted to get your take on maybe the 5-year view for scrap processing. How do you kind of see supply and demand playing out as we move forward here?
Mark D. Millett: Well, Russ, you got your crystal ball. You have your 5-year crystal ball.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, to answer the first one, I think certainly, the pressure on scrap markets and scrap suppliers has been very difficult. Again, as Mark talked about, the rollercoaster ride, the ups and downs, certainly put pressure on the margins and the profitability of all [indiscernible]. So certain -- I would -- I think as we suffer, I think everyone else in the scrap industry suffer. So have we seen a series of closing? I haven't seen that. But certainly, I think everybody's under pressure. On the 5-year look, well, I think, I mean, if you can tell me what the mill utilization rate here to the next 5 years, and you might have a shot there. But it's -- as you look at this year, rollercoaster ride, up and down and up and down. And not just up and down in a small range, up and down in a big range. I think until we get some economic certainty in the global economy, I think it's going to be that rollercoaster ride.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And maybe I'll make it a little simpler and talk about the very near term on scrap then. I was actually pretty surprised to see on Bloomberg prices come down as much as they did given that we've kind of been hearing that some of the supply was fairly lean going into the month. So I'm assuming that's probably still the case. And just wondering how you see things setting up in November. Where do kind of, in your opinion, did scrap inventories stand at maybe both the yard level and also at the mill level as we go into negotiations here for November?
Russel B. Rinn: Evan, I think the inventories in this entire supply chain, I think, remain fairly lean. Again, another rollercoaster ride. The old adage "You just don't know until you plow", I think everybody pretty well modeled that in this time frame because it's just too risky to hold inventory. Mill utilization rates are still, as Mark indicated earlier, were down from where they were earlier in the year. I don't see anything that tells me those are going to jump up to 80% anytime soon, so I think we're just going to kind of rock along. As I look where we're at on the October levels, pricing levels, they're very similar to the July pricing levels. If you'll recall in July, those low price levels relatively pretty much shut the flow off at the dealer level. And so I think we're experiencing some of that as these October prices are at that similar level. What happens in November, I think it's probably sideways. Strong sideways will be my guess. But again, that can change very quickly. I would say the indications are that we are at the bottom, and I think the balance of the quarter should be upward pressure if anything.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Arun Viswanathan from Longbow Research.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: I guess my question is a little bit along the same lines. What makes you say that we're nearing a bottom on scrap? Have you seen any difference in, I guess, the export market? Because that -- to me, it seemed like that's change in August to get some momentum back in the market.
Russel B. Rinn: There has been a little bit of uptick in the export market. It's -- again, just like the regular scrap market, steel markets go in fits and spurts. But again, I think the real issue is the scrap yards are not attracting -- the prices are not attracting scrap out of the fields or out of the dealers. I guess it's going to put a constraint on the supply so that the scrap yards and dealers all have to pay higher to get there. Therefore, the pressure is going to push the price up from those lower levels. But again, it's such a volatile market and it can change very quickly.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: All right. And another question I had was on SBQ side. There's been a number of, I guess, capacity increase announcements over the last year or so, and maybe up to 30% or so being added to the domestic market. And you've gone through some destocking recently. I guess I just wanted to get hopefully your thought process for adding capacity at this point and where that is going to be soaked up.
Richard P. Teets: I'll be happy to take a shot at that one. I would tell you if you looked at the list of the announced SBQ expansions, the vast majority are capacity expansions. The difference with us at this point [ph] was ours is a product mix diversification expansion, and we're really driving down into the higher accuracy, the demanding -- the tolerance-demanding small bars that we have no -- really no significant presence in today. And so I can't speak to the viability of the capacity expansion projects and their ending results, but I would tell you that I'm still very optimistic about the positive results mostly because we have the early indications of customer desire, and we are going through customer approvals and different evaluation processes and -- during this time in anticipation of our next year start-up.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, and several -- just to add, I think we consider that to be an incredibly compelling project. It's an incredibly effective use of capital. It's $75 million, $76 million or so to get 325,000 more tons. That puts us into an incredibly low-cost position in that arena. We already are one of the lower-cost operators, I think, SBQ. And so you're starting with a culture, a low-cost position and also sort of a low-cost overhead for fixed cost for that material. The -- as Dick said, this huge customer support for that product. And I think one needs to recognize that Dick, Barry and the team here have done an incredible job over the last 3 or 4 years. We are the beneficiary today of what they've done, engineering new products and new qualities of bar some 4 years ago, and they've gone through years of approval and quality certification. And that creates a high hurdle of entry into that business. And it's got -- it's not a matter of switching an SBQ mill on and accessing some of those markets. You really have to prove yourself, create the product and it's again difficult to get into.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: All right. So just to clarify then. These products theoretically would be somewhat more immune to some of the destocking that you experienced in this last quarter or so?
Richard P. Teets: I'm not going to make that statement because we're not hugely penetrating that market today. So I'm not -- I haven't followed it. But again, I would tell you that we consistently earn our share of the market. I would tell you that our belief is we've grown our percentage of market participation during this downturn and that we are fully believing that because we're bringing a new product. There's always a customer desire to have a new opportunity to have a new supplier because that changes the dynamics of the market. And so, therefore, I believe we'll have a great acceptance, and then it's up to us to earn their continued business.
Mark D. Millett: I think we also should recognize the 3 and 5/8 inch, and that -- that's -- that represents about 55% of the SBQ market, which is probably an 8 million- to 10 million-ton market. So you're looking at penetrating 325,000 tons into a 4 million, 4.5 million ton market, which we would suggest is somewhat incremental and, as Dick says, with the customer support and loyalty that we have, with the quality of our product and the fact that we're going to be the largest single-site SBQ facility in North America. We have about 900,000 tons of product capability under one roof, which brings a lot of value and a lot of logistical savings to the customer.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess my first question is I kind of wanted to talk about pricing but on the scale side. There's been a couple of attempts in the last couple of days to lift pricing by some of the industry participants. Do you think that there's going to have decent momentum behind some of these lifts? And are there any areas of the market or any indicators that you're looking at that you think we should look for, for pockets of strength that carry any momentum if they're -- if it should continue?
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- well, again, the rest don't have the only clarity crystal ball. I think the steel industry in general is tough to predict. But on a macro basis, we certainly have seen sheet markets decline from its May highs. And I think if you look at the drivers there, the elimination of [indiscernible] sort of removes the support for the July increases. We've had a -- or had a premium to global markets, but we certainly have destocking through the supply chain. And as we've seen in the past, our customers are very, very closely laser focused on the scrap markets, and there's an anticipation of a declining market and hence they took their foot off the accelerator. And I think all those in conjunction tended to drive prices down to their recent levels. But I think we perhaps are at an inflection point to some degree. At least, there are drivers out there that might suggest that. And the recent pricing perhaps is definitely for that. But customer inventories remain very, very tight, and the MSCI data recently show that on an absolute basis, total volume came off, ticked off a couple of percent. So inventory through the supply chain is tightening, probably will still go through some additional destocking or realignment of inventories. But nonetheless, it's tight. The pricing decline domestically and a slight improvement in China has reduced the premium domestically. As such, we've seen a slight drop-off of imports. In August, licenses came up incrementally and September by 5% to 10% but nothing too alarming. And I think that there's some rationalization taking place. People are anticipating outages over the next couple of months. RG is off-line. And so there are some positive drivers to support the present pricing, prevent deterioration anyway, and maybe show an uptick and have this to be another kind of mini cycle. I think we're also entering the November to April time frame that, over the last 3 years anyway, had seen an appreciable increase in prices. Don't necessarily suggest that there's going to be huge increases as we've seen in other years because I think demand is somewhat muted. But there are drivers there to suggest an uptick is possible. Any thoughts?
Richard P. Teets: All I'll say is we're realizing the change in direction and are conscious of the magnitude and pursuing it aggressively.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe a follow-up to Arun's question on SBQ. I was wondering if I can sort of approach this, I guess, on the demand side of the equation. Are there any particular end markets when you say that there's expected to be some weakness? But are any particular end markets driving the weakness in the SBQ market as natural gas or yellow goods? Or is this something that's just new and broad across-the-board?
Richard P. Teets: I think the yellow goods have taken a quick inventory assessment and are constricting their consumption at this moment. A little bit of energy. I think there's a lot of giddiness in the gas patch. I know there's still drilling going on, but it's shifting. They're shifting from the shale gas into the wet gas and oil exploration areas. But every -- we could -- we track it. There's 2- or 3-rig count decrease, at least, in the United States. And last week, I think there was a little bit of an uptick in Canada. But it's an attitude that is, I think, coming about in that field, and that it's going to become a little bit tighter because production continues to be pretty good and consumption is waning a bit.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Dave Katz with JPMorgan.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, you were talking about -- I guess you've spoken a little bit about the demand is more muted than in past years. But you did say the -- a possible future catalyst, that the capacity has been expanded to 7.4 tons per -- or million tons per annum. When do you think the market would support a more marked move towards that capacity?
Mark D. Millett: I think if you look at that capacity of let's just call it 1 million tons for the sake of argument, 1.2 million tons compared to 2011, we shipped a record 5.8 million tons in 2011. So there's 1 million, 1.2 million of latent capacity there. I think half of that over the next 18 months, given our expansion, hopeful expansion, of rail offerings and also the SBQ will occur or come back regardless of economic recovery. The other half is obviously related or principally related to the residential and nonresidential construction. A lot of that capacity remains at the construction mill. And so nonresidential construction has to come back to fully utilize that.
David Adam Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess as a follow-up, given what you've said with construction being fee [ph], given that we've seen the architectural index move up for 2 months in a row, it's been so long since we've seen kind of improvement there. When historically would you see the movements in architectural index show up and improvements in your volume?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Gary E. Heasley: The ABI has been moving up. It was stronger earlier in the year. It fell off a bit. It's coming back. And these are small incremental. What we've seen in some markets, though, is continued growth. The joint industry's demand for the year is up 15%, and the deck industry's up about 12%. So we've seen pretty good growth in those areas, and we've seen that reflected in our order books. Our backlog is up year-over-year about 45%. So the growth has continued. Any positive sign in the ABI, we certainly won't -- we don't think there's some major catalyst that's going to come that's going to immediately change the world of construction and dramatically improve demand in that market. We think it will be slow, steady growth from here. Looking into 2013, the analysts that are looking at construction spending expectations are -- some of them, at least, are expecting to see 6% to 8% growth in overall construction spending next year. Whether that comes to be or not, I think depends a lot on what we do in this country to handle some of the fiscal challenges we're -- but we are looking for something that dramatically change the nature of the construction markets. We do expect some continued steady growth barring slipping into some deep recession.
Mark D. Millett: And then -- thanks, Gary. And then on the residential side, obviously there has been a little bit of a forward movement there. Housing starts have picked up a little bit. Inventories are folding, receding. And rents are going up. So I think -- at least we think that is a positive sign.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Theresa, I just wanted to ask you questions reconciling some numbers which you reported. On the ferrous recycling in the statement, you mentioned that there was an OmniSource profit of $16.6 million. But obviously reported numbers are a loss of $9.5 million and that intangibles, $15.7 million. So first thing is that which number should be compared with amortization of intangibles or after that? Second thing, I know that it includes Mesabi Nugget loss, which was $11 million post tax. What will be that pretax? And what are the other items in there which made the swing in the reported versus what you saw at the OmniSource actual numbers?
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. So the number that I would look at is before amortization, Sal, or the amortization is just really to the intangibles from the purchase accounting. So that's really nonoperational. And if you look at the components that are in both metals recycling and the ferrous segment, you have not only Minnesota operations but you also have a very small component related to the copper rod mill and then Iron Dynamics. And we tend not to separate those out individually. And what I would suggest is that the Minnesota operations number that we give you is the net after-tax number. So from a pretax perspective in the third quarter, you're looking at Minnesota operations of a loss of approximately $23 million. And remember, that $23 million is 100% of the losses, and we only own 81%.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is there any loss on the ramp-up at the joint venture you have with Magnetation?
Theresa E. Wagler: A slight loss of about $1 million. And again, we only account for that.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the rest, as you said, LaFarga -- SDI LaFarga was in there?
Theresa E. Wagler: LaFarga and Iron Dynamics, correct.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the second thing is, Mark, just want to understand the benefit of the iron ore joint venture you have right now. Just give us an idea. I mean, Mesabi is running at a little lower rate or lower rate than what we had thought earlier. So how are you positioned for your iron ore which you had been buying or you had to buy because you had an agreement with, first of all, whomever you're buying it? And so when would the lower-cost iron ore, which you are now extracting from the tailings, is really going to impact on the P&L based on your run rate of the Minnesota project at the moment?
Mark D. Millett: Sal, I think, as we've suggested in the past, the impact will start to be seen in the second quarter of next year. We still have a reasonable amount of inventory, as you suggest, to consume here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And would you need earning a Magnetation [ph] fallout percent? Or are you going to slow down because you have too much iron ore on the ground?
Mark D. Millett: No, we will ramp that up. Currently, they are running or have achieved -- actually, they have achieved design throughput at the plant. There is some recirculation right now. We need to restore a ball mill to grind the incoming material to get full productivity. But the operation is working extremely well. The quality is running around about 62% to 64% total line. We need that ball mill to get it up to a -- to exceed consistently the 63% that we've targeted. But not the -- so the plan is to ramp that up.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Baldwin [ph], was it an afterthought? Or did you know that you're going to need it in the beginning?
Mark D. Millett: No, no. It's -- it was planned from the very beginning. The equipment delivery is just delayed a little bit. So again, it doesn't stop us from producing. It's just -- the increase of the recirculation of the facility to -- going around the, I guess, in the surface, you can say. And so it just compresses the actual output through the next couple of months.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one quick thing. Are you going to reach your cost estimate of $50 after the ball mill is in?
Mark D. Millett: Absolutely, no problem.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Luke Folta with Jefferies & Company.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First question is on recycling. Obviously, if you look at the quarterly results in second quarter, you're experiencing inventory holding losses. And I would guess by just looking at the movement in scrap in the third quarter, you probably benefit from some inventory holding gains from scrap acquired in July and sold later in the quarter. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of what the impact of that could have been, and more so just trying to get an understanding of what cash metal spreads did over the last 3 to 6 months in the recycling business.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, that's -- I'm thinking of the rollercoaster ride. It was down, a hard time in July, up in August. They're down again in September and certainly made those spreads look swollen [ph]. Again, obviously, in a strong up market, if the -- you get the benefit of the inventory that flows over. You get the opposite effect you get the -- when you got a strong down market. So I think across the spectrum, I don't think we had a huge movement in the overall spread. What we were able to do effectively, I think, is worked very hard on a cost side basis. And I think that's one of the things that's been our focus, and I think we're starting to see some impact of the hard work by our team on focusing on the cost aspects of our business.
Mark D. Millett: I think just the -- for the, well, sort of intellectual, academic consolation, we keep roughly -- or the flow is roughly 2 weeks of inventory at OmniSource and roughly 4 weeks of inventory at the steel mill. So as the market goes up and down, I think you could, at least as a guide, sort of back out maybe as to what that impact might give you.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But when you look at cash metal spreads month-to-month, I guess I'm trying to get a sense of they -- obviously, they've come in because of increased competition and those have been very solid factors. But do you think that they've reached a point of stabilization? Or are they getting worse every month or better?
Mark D. Millett: I would say they're relatively stacked over time. I think there's -- again, as the mill utilization rate goes down and the demand goes down, that's going to -- they're going to compress. But again, as I look back, theyre relatively stacked over time. If you take out their cycles, Luke, if you go -- for sure, year-over-year, they're very stable. It's just hopefully fluctuations have kind of -- has changed -- well, changes dramatically.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess my second question is when we think about SBQ into 2013, can you give us a sense of how many of the -- I mean, the agreements that are in place as it relates to base pricing, and that -- did the -- did those all -- I mean, is there high percentage of those contracts or agreements that reset January 1? And it seems like the negotiating environment this year is quite a bit different than last year. So is that something that we need to think about as a step-down? Or how should we think about that?
Richard P. Teets: I would say that we have agreements that are ending scattered throughout the calendar year. And that's a -- our purpose not only by us but by our customers. And sometimes, it coincides with models and life cycles on their products. But we don't believe that the markets that we're supplying, there's going to be a tremendous readjustment or realignment. There is in volume. And as always, they're cognizant of what's a fair-based price because they want us to recognize that it's an engineered product and it's not a commodity. And we have so many more or we had so many more surcharges in the -- in that business that tend to adjust the price without necessarily touching the base because of -- all the alloys and swings at each of those prices can be had on a per pound basis as well as scrap. So I don't think there ought to be a whole lot of alarm in thinking about there's a monster ship coming January 1.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one. The Mesabi outage that's occurring late third quarter and fourth quarter, what sort of impact would you say that, that might have in fourth quarter results?
Mark D. Millett: I think quarter-over-quarter should be somewhat similar.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about whether or not you've gotten a bit more granular on 2013 CapEx, a little bit of a sense of sort of project by project? Just want to revise our models a little bit. And I guess the second part of the question is, it does look like, unless things really turn south, that you guys could generate some decent cash flow here. Are there growth projects? And also, you're not -- you aren't on the list of final guys bidding for the ThyssenKrupp mill. Has the bidding got just too high for you or you just don't like the asset? So it's kind of a M&A at the end, but sort of growth CapEx for 2013.
Theresa E. Wagler: I'll take the first part of your question. Related to capital investments for 2013, we'll be providing a lot more information on that on the first quarter conference call. There will be some rollover on the SBQ expansion projects. We'll spend probably around $20 million this year. So the incremental $55 million to $56 million will be spent in the first half of next year related to that project. Otherwise, I think it's safe for you to build in probably $100 million. So if I were looking at investments right now, I might probably put in $150 million for CapEx next year. And then after we go through our specific planning, which takes place in late October and early November, we'll provide greater detail on our first quarter call.
Mark D. Millett: And Brett, I guess your question really relates to sort of capital allocation. And I -- I mean, our first thrust is to continue the strength in the balance sheet and reduce our debt. And as Theresa indicated, we're making progress there. I think that being said, we're still a growth company. We're not going to grow just for growth's sake, but our focus is to enhance the quality of our earnings and also to try and improve the consistency through the cycle, so to speak. And I think you can see that our immediate focus is on maximizing the potential opportunities within our existing mills, such as the [indiscernible].
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up. Does that kind of mean that ThyssenKrupp mill, in your eyes, is the bidding has already gotten too high?
Mark D. Millett: I think, well, that's a big -- big enough for us to chew and swallow in any way, shape or form. The recent suggestion on that mark is they're looking for $5 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion. It's difficult to see that at that level of pricing, anyone is going to get a good return on that investment. But that's up for those parties to figure. But we will just wait and see in the sidelines and be an excited spectator.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Dave Martin with Deutsche Bank.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one clarification first. In response to an earlier question, Mark, on Mesabi Nugget, I think you said potential impacts will be consistent in the fourth versus the third. And is that true for the entire Minnesota operation?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. As we report Minnesota operations on a net basis, I think it's safe to look at the quarters being very similar, not materially different.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then secondly, coming back to SBQ, inventories and destocking trends, could you maybe give us a sense of how inventories are in the supply chain potentially on days of supply and how far you think they had -- need -- I'm sorry, need to come down? And then secondly, would you expect SBQ shipments to be down in the fourth quarter versus the third?
Richard P. Teets: We had forecast the fourth quarter to be probably pretty equal to where the third quarter is. We've made those forecasts and nobody's throwing us red flags as alarm. We're always kind of cautious, but I would tell you that we're not running because of the fire.
Mark D. Millett: And relative to the specific inventory, we don't necessarily have insights into our customers to that level of degree. Because that inventory readjustment is realignment, is not just in bar stock, it's in sort of the semifinished pieces that the other goods people sort of assembled. So that's why I think it's been a protracted realignment. And I do think it's going to continue into the fourth quarter. But I do believe as Dick said that, hopefully, our volume should be somewhat stable quarter-over-quarter, maybe down just a little, but nothing material.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Timna Tanners with Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think a lot of the questions has been asked and been answered, but a few final clarifications I think I had. During the quarter, definitely a volume decline. But was that all because of weakness in demand, or was there at any point a decision made on the part of your operations folks, to not produce given slim margins? I know that's something you talked about in the past.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, it is a demand-driven issue.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So your positive operating margins throughout the environment?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then within OmniSource, I thought it was interesting when you talked about, generally speaking, efforts to recover profitability in the scrap division and certainly excess supply and less export interest. Can you talk a little bit about what can you do with OmniSource, or is it just a structural issue? I mean, definitely margins have been under pressure there from historical levels, so I was curious about how you're looking at that business going forward.
Mark D. Millett: Well, obviously, there has been structural change there. We're cognizant of that, and I think the principle initiatives are, first and foremost, trying to shift the flow of material away or the percentage of flow away from the prompt scrap into more retail, which is a higher margin business. And Russ and his team have been reconfiguring a lot of our retail businesses, scrap yards, along with the opening up new ones. So that is one initiative. The introduction of new technology to extract more nonferrous from the supply chain of the shredders is a significant one. As we said, that's going to be piling [ph] up one late this year, early first quarter and the second one, probably late first quarter going into the second quarter maybe. But there is a handsome return, I do believe, on those 2 facilities. We're also spending time and a little bit of money on technology to improve the products that we offer to the marketplace, and thereby, extract a little more margin, a little bit more value. We have stepped our toe in water on the order process business, but I would say it's meaningful. It's more to learn that business more than anything, currently. But it's an effort to look at it back to the integrated into the supply chain of halts [ph]. I think we, from an investment standpoint, we don't necessarily intend expanding our geographic footprint within metals recycling, but we certainly are looking sort of on a circular basis at small opportunities that will improve our sort of regional market presence. That's just a smaller yard here or there, and we're not talking about massive dollars, $1.5 million, $2 million or so. But the intent there is to perhaps take advantage of the financial stress that some of the smaller players are having, as was indicated earlier, and improve our market position.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then last one for me, I guess, on fabrication small, but has had a nice swing. Can we be comfortable that given the better backlogs and maybe some of the improvement you've done internally that, that should in any confidence in continued small profits going forward there, or how would you think about that business going forward?
Gary E. Heasley: Well, it's continued to improve, Timna. As we've gotten some stability in the hiring we've been doing out west and stacking up those plants. Those plants are now more stable in their staffing position. And we should see increase productivity helping to drive more, well, improved performance in those shops. That helps a lot. If the market continues to grow as it is, we should see continued improvement. Of course, seasonality will impact that, so the first quarter may not be better than the fourth quarter, but we should see continued improvement year-over-year, and hopefully, sequentially as we move forward.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All of my questions have really been answered. I just wish you well here in the fourth quarter, and hopefully, we'll see a little better economic environment next year.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Tony Rizzuto with Dahlman Rose.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions. I was wondering if you guys are seeing any discernible change improvement in your order books in the past several days given obviously the fairer price hikes. And by the comments that you made, Mark, and I think Dick commented about aggressively pursuing, can we draw that you guys have also followed this flat-roll price hike?
Mark D. Millett: I would say that we have seen better order entry, a little bit more than the last few days, I'd say the last week and a half, which again has suggested to us that perhaps we had a little bit of an inflection point. And I think one has to stress that these market shifts are greatly influenced by procurement mentality, almost more than anything. The underlying demand probably has, across-the-board, has probably softened a little bit. But it's the volatility, the tight inventories, people stay in and out of the market and then an absolute need to get in, whether it be on the scrap recycling side or whether it be on the finished product side, that's exaggerating or amplifying the moods. But to answer your question, yes, we've seen a pick up. And yes, as Dick said earlier, we're pursuing appreciation and pricing along...
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And with regard to the scrap market in the past and seasonally, we typically see a pickup as weather starts getting colder, we are seeing some improvement in overseas scrap buying. And I'm wondering if you see that playing out and maybe giving a further impetus as well in addition to these other factors.
Mark D. Millett: I think we will, Tony. I think that's going to happen.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the final question I have. Just to follow up a little bit on SBQ. I was wondering if you guys could tell us, is the weakness you're seeing a combination of the demand as well as supply and if one may be has a little bit more influence in your opinion at this point.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that it's a demand-driven adjustment, and I don't believe it's a supply. Again, I said we firmly believe that we have increased our market participation in that arena, and therefore, it's totally demand, not supply.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the final question is the main weakness on the transport side, is that more ag and some truck as well? Or could you just be a little bit more, provide a little bit more color on that?
Richard P. Teets: I think it's across the board. Ag is a part of it. Again, earth-moving equipment, it has, I won't say, stalled but it has been, I think reevaluated by the retail yards. And therefore, they've backed it up a bit. I think the large diesel trucks are slowing a little bit. You see that when talking not only to what we sell, but also other component manufacturers. And the trailer build rate has tapered off from the first half of the year, and so therefore, it's just a realignment. And needless to say, every time there's really a drop-off in or an uptick in like the trailer markets, there's corresponding ones in related markets that's just for trucks, material handling, equipment and the like. So it's just a harmonious movement across the board in many of these markets.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Dick, just to follow-up on that question on the SBQ, can you say roughly how much of the mix of SBQ shipments goes into automotive and light trucks compared to ag earthmoving, the diesel trucks and the trailers that you just mentioned? Like what kind of mix is automotive for you in SBQ?
Richard P. Teets: Aldo, being bluntly honest, I cannot give you that specifics of the breakdown. I mean we really look at it by products and some of the grades and sizes and our sales team may be has some of that data, but I look at it purely only upon size grades and where those movements go. I don't know the exact end users.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Yes. Any feeling like, is all half of it or less than half?
Richard P. Teets: I'd say it's less than half.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Yes. And then a follow-up question to Gary. Nice improvement on the margins. I'm wondering I heard your comments, and I still just have a little question. Where do you think your 3% or so margin is compared to what you think your ultimate normal margin might be in this kind of market?
Gary E. Heasley: Our normal margins will be significantly higher, Aldo, but it's going to change as we see a continued expansion. Right now, our margins are compressed because we have, again, I don't -- plants, being start-up costs continue. Well, these plants haven't started at the year, but productivity gains. There are plants built that are still to come. Our plants in the west are now running about 60% of productivity than our plants in the east. When we make up that difference, that could have a significant impact on margins. I don't know of what our '13 projected or '14 projected margins are right now, but obviously, it's significantly higher.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Great. And if I could just have one more follow-up for Russ. Russ, some of your big competitors in the market have closed a few sites, and I guess they're getting overhead reductions in labor cost reductions in there. And I noticed your -- you attributed your improvement to the metal spread improvement. I'm wondering if you exclude the impact of metal spreads, do you have any significant cost changes in your, what might be considered, labor and overhead in the OmniSource division sequentially?
Russel B. Rinn: I think as the markets move, we're always going to adjust to the market. If you're expanding, we're going to expand. If they're contracting, we're going to contact, and I think that's just the nature of the business. But it's not just overhead and people and that nature. It's also how your -- being smart about how you're doing business and making sure you're doing the right things with your product and your kind of supply, so that you're not overreaching on the buy side or overreaching on freight side or any of those things. And all that has taken a concerted effort of our tech team and I'm awfully proud.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Right. So no major changes in your -- in the structure of the company in the quarter or anything, just better management?
Russel B. Rinn: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: So I wanted to ask you, Mark and team, now that this new team has had a chance to digest a couple of quarters here, I was curious to know, Mark, kind of your view from the top and what you think the kind of strategic challenges are going to be moving forward, of course, besides the economy? And what the best opportunities you see moving forward?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's an exciting time for us even though we're in a challenging markets and a time of diversity. I think it creates opportunity and makes one look inwardly to your operations and where can we streamline, where you can cut costs even further. So we're certainly going to come out of this as we've done in past and in terms of stronger fourth. We certainly have a phenomenal team. We have great books in order and technology out there. And the combination of our assets and our culture and our people is driving, has driven and will continue to drive financial metrics better than our competition. And if you look at operating income per ton, if you look at our EBITDA margins, they are consistently, through the cycle, good and bad at top of class. And the team is squarely focused on continuing that. We, strategically, will focus, as I said earlier, on maximizing the opportunities within our company today. The SBQ project, I think, is incredibly compelling. I think we wish we had probably a dozen of those projects out there. But looking at that, looking at expanding or diversifying our structural mill is a focus for us. If you look across our company, having a diversified portfolio of value-added products has served us well in many arenas, in the sheet arena, in Steel West Virginia, in Engineered Bar Products. Construction mill being principally single market, single-product focus has obviously had a tough time the last couple of years. And our focus there is to diversify there through expanding our rail presence, and secondarily, diversing it through the supply of blooms to SBQ. If you think about that sort of indirectly expanding or mitigating the risk because that SBQ product is 250,000 tons, perhaps a little more, will go down to Pittsburgh. That material will be going into automotive and into off-road and into manufacturing applications. So the intent there is to, a, improve the margin profile of that business; and secondarily, improve it through the cycle by having a diverse product portfolio. So I think -- and again, focused on our customers. We have even greater sort of focus, I guess there, not only on serving them well, on creating value there. But as formally, more importantly, identifying the products and the services that they're going to need going forward, not focused necessarily on just making the products of today, but where will the automotive will be, for instance, in 3 years, 4 years or 5 years, making sure we can supply those products and expand further our portfolio and protect ourselves. I think as we grow, we're going to focus on leveraging our core strengths and our culture. And I think also not just looking at margin, the quality of our earnings, but recognizing that perhaps imports going forward could play a part and position the company to insulate ourselves somewhat from there. If you look at the SBQ with the engineered-type focus of their product portfolio. You should have the spread of products that doesn't get into painted products. Looking at the Steel West Virginia, very, very unique products that they produce there. You look at rail, rail being produced at the -- weld them together at 1,600 feet, a challenge any Japanese supplier of rail to put down on a boat and import it. So it's just growing with a focus of maintaining our earnings through the cycle. So we're excited.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: That's great. Hey, listen. The question much earlier about the sheet price increase, you went through kind of the whole dynamic, but then, the 4 or 5 words that Dick got in, it sounded much more pumped than you do. So can Dick talk a little bit more about why the sheet price increase is happening? And we did see an almost -- we saw one company and then the next day, everybody else followed. I don't know that we've seen that kind of pile-on, I guess, that quickly in the past. So did you have anything else to add?
Richard P. Teets: No, not a whole lot. I'm an observer, I'm 30 miles away. I was up there on Monday, and I was responding based on the fact that they'll, at least, follow the order entry rate 2 weeks ago is dismal. A week prior, it was a major uptick, and that got everyone's attention and started making us look at who's buying, why they were buying and so forth. The first 2 days of this week, one was up there, were tremendous days of order intake. And I would tell you that earlier this week, the text had similar performance. So it doesn't take a rocket scientist to say that's the time you want to be protecting what you're doing and taking advantage of the markets. We have a very focused attention to the margin and bottom line and opportunity.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay, great. So you think you sensed that everybody was responding to their book, as opposed to looking at a posted price in China or whatever, it was a book driven kind of pick-up. This is our first call since this happened, so any more color you can give would be great?
Richard P. Teets: I'm going to give you a lack of color, but I'm going to tell that Mark was probably tied into them a little earlier. I call it, herd mentality in some cases, that when they -- when it starts breaking, then all of a sudden, everyone thinks they're going to be one left behind in the gate. And all of a sudden, it just flows forward. And so and again, because of the nature of the downturn, the way it went down, there was people sitting on their hands. The consumption rate necessarily wasn't dropping off the cliff. It was just a matter of everyone thinking, "Hey, there's a better price lower tomorrow, and that drives that kind of reaction.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: So the buyers were all kind of waiting, and then as soon as like one guy came in, everybody's panicking. So it's kind of a rush, not out the door but a rush to get in the door on the buyer side.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, because ultimately, we say, "We freeze order intake and the price is up." So if it's in, it's up.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay, amazing. And great quarter, tough environment, but it's awesome to see the DNA playing out. Nice job.
Mark D. Millett: To set the record straight, I am always parked.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of John Tumazos with Very Independent Research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: We really admire the steel mills and superior operation of steel mills. When we look at the segment financials, it looks like 45% or 50% of the asset's in the steel division earned all the money. And I was wondering if you see that as a problem, and what you would do to change it? And last month, I went to Vale's Carajs S11D project in Brazil, where they plan to produce 90 million tons at a $13 cost in the boat. And I'm concerned that the iron price isn't going to be the way was the last few years, could be lower. And your inventories of $1.2 billion are about the same as your tangible net worth, and is that a particular asset account that you'd like to reduce?
Mark D. Millett: Well, John, I think you had a myriad of thoughts, and I think 2 questions that I could discern. Relative to looking at the profile of our sort of earnings engines, you're very right, steel tends to be our principal earnings driver, no doubt about it. And the margins in that sector, compared to recycling and compared with fabrication is stronger. Recycling margins tend to be naturally thinner than the steel in any event. But nonetheless, we are, as I outlined earlier and as Russ outlined, making or taking initiatives to strategically boost that margin and return them to fair territory, as Gary's doing on the fabrication side, looking at products castellated beams and different services to provide greater value to the customer to expand margin. Relative to ore pricing, again, crystal ball is pretty cloudy there. If you look at the cost curve, global cost curve, you can substantiate most pundits that would suggest pricing through the cycle has been arranged from $100 to $115 a ton. Sometimes, it may exceed that; other times, it may drop as we saw here a month or so ago. Still not much about value, $13 in the boat is -- would will be a hell of a price, if that's what they can achieve.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Mark, you should have a strategy to make sure that the core strength of converting iron units, melting and rolling is exploited in that -- the OmniSource decision 4 years ago doesn't detract from all the other wonderful value created.
Mark D. Millett: I'd agree. I think OmniSource has been strategic for us. If you look at the synergies or whatever, it obviously gives us a stable source of supply. It's [indiscernible] having the transparency or the division into the supply chain. It's allowed us to reduce our inventories across our business. We used to keep 6, 8 weeks of inventory at our steel mills. Today, we're 3, 4 weeks. That's helped us depending on what market pricing, but it's probably $100 million, $120 million, maybe $140 million improvement in our working capital needs. The other great driver on the recycling side is having a large pocket of scrap, when we go to buy scrap from third parties for our steel mills. Because as I think you know, only about 45% of our scrap flows from OmniSource to the steel mill. 50%, 55% of the scrap is actually bought from third parties. When you have that supply in your back pocket, you can leverage the market to some degree. And as you all know, scrap trades at a range, it doesn't trade at a specific point. It does trade at the American Metal Market bushling price, it trades perhaps $10, $15 a ton, plus or minus that number. And with the OmniSource acquisition, we are able to buy our third-party tons at the lower end of that range, can sell them -- the OmniSource tons to third parties, perhaps at the higher end of that range. That value accrues to the steel platform, not the recycling platform today. So we are happy with the OmniSource acquisition still. Would have preferred not have bought it at the top of the valuation cycle, but hey, we weighed it, so...
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any final closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: I guess for those that are still on the call, we dwell -- as the industry seems to dwell just a few weeks ahead of ourselves and the horizon seems to be very short nowadays, and I just want you all to recognize we are squarely focused on positioning the company for 3, 5, 7, 10 years out. And I think there's a lot of positives out there if you do that longer term. The -- you're starting to see reassuring of manufacturing, it's not that cheap or it's getting more expensive to produce in China today. The shale gas phenomenon is going to drive investment in this country. You've got an aging infrastructure that will require dollars to be spent and turn into a good product, good opportunities for the steel mill arena. On residential, and residential will come back, and I do believe the U.S., although we went down and downhill fast back in '08, '09, at least we did it ahead of other economies, so we're probably going to be -- the economy that comes out at first. So we're actually very, very excited and bullish longer term even though we have to deal with the challenges and the vagaries of the media markets. But thank you for your time today. Thank you for your support. And to our employees, a heartfelt thank you for your hard work and commitment. Work safely out there, guys and girls. And to our shareholders, thank you for your support. Customers, thank you too. Have a great day. Be safe.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation and President of Omnisource Corporation Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, President of Steel Operations, Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations and Executive Director Gary E. Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems
Analysts: Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Olkovetsky Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ms. Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Incorporated. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or the general business and economic condition which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed form 10-Q filed with SEC. Joining me for today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and the company's Platform Executive Vice Presidents, including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our metals recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Now for opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thank you, Theresa, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to add my thanks for spending time with us this morning not only to discuss the quarter's results but to also talk about some of the nearer-term earnings catalysts that, I believe, we have at Steel Dynamics, and I consider them quite compelling. In challenging times though, the true character of both individual and company becomes apparent. This is certainly a challenging political and economic global arena in which we operate today. Our industry is in a new era of greater volatility and less predictability than in years past. But I believe there's good news. We continue at SDI to perform at the top of our peer group, maintaining our low-cost position, a key to our success. This is a tribute to our employee culture and to our great team of some 6,500 employees, each of whom contributes and each has a real impact, focusing on safety, bringing enhanced value to our customers and our innovation that will continue to differentiate ourselves from our competition. Thanks to each and every one of them for their hard work and for their dedication. Our overall performance was commendable in what remains a challenging environment. In the second quarter, we achieved stable sequential financial results from our steel and fabrication operations, although earnings in our metals recycling operations deteriorated as margins and volume compressed. We reported net income of $44 million or $0.20 per diluted share on net sales of $1.9 billion for the second quarter of 2012. This matches the $0.20 reported in the first quarter this year, but is substantially lower than last year's second quarter results of $0.43 a share. It should be pointed out, I think, that the first half of 2011 was a time frame in which historically high margins in Flat Roll were achieved. This past quarter, the combination of increased domestic Flat Roll capacity and increased imports have stripped the demand of a slow U.S. economy that did not allow for that level of margin to be repeated. Overall steel demand through the quarter remains steady, although the added burden from imports from the additional domestic Flat Roll capacity exerted downward pressure on Flat Roll pricing, muting second quarter sheet steel margins. However, long products operations did see some metal spread expansion in the quarter as product pricing decreased less than scrap raw material costs. Our steel mills operated at 83% production utilization rate in the quarter, slightly lower than the 85% for the first quarter of this year. This compares to the recent domestic industry rate of under 80%. Notably, even though nonresidential construction is still anemic, our Structural Rail division has operated at 53% utilization for the year. Rail production has helped that. We increased our rail shipments over 12% this past quarter, shipping 38,200 tons. Dick and his team will continue to focus on increasing this number throughout the year. Operating income per ton shipped for our steel operations decreased about 5% from the first quarter rate of $98 to a second quarter rate of $93 a ton. Average combined steel pricing related to second quarter shipments declined $21 in the quarter, which is just over 2%. And based on shipping mix, the decrease in Flat Roll pricing was the most prominent factor in the overall change. The cost of scrap used for the production for the second quarter declined $22 per ton charged into our furnaces [ph]. From a current market perspective, the automotive manufacturing, energy and construction markets continue to be stable, while a slight tempering appears to exist in the transportation and agricultural sectors. Steel backlogs have drawn down to a small degree since the end of March. This has been principally, I think, procurement-driven as buyers stayed out of the market in anticipation of even lower scrap prices or taken the opportunity to realign their inventories, particularly in the SBQ arena. Underlying demand appears, though, to be stable. And with some capacity exiting the market, low sheet imports and a strengthening scrap market, positive momentum may be gained. Our steel operations continue to outperform our industry peers through the market cycle. The team delivers best-in-class results by maintaining their laser focus on being the low-cost producer with a determination to exceed each customer's highest expectations. Metals recycling. The domestic industry experienced a tough second quarter. The ferrous scrap market was oversupplied as the export market was softened dramatically, leaving a lot of material that would normally gone to Turkey or elsewhere in the states. On top of that, U.S. Steel mill utilization declined, so domestic scrap demand decreased while scrap flow, particularly in prime grades, remain strong. This created an oversupplied market and some fairly significant price declines, which continued into July. Our ferrous metals spread decreased 10% in the quarter, the stabilization though of scrap prices, I think, going forward would not only benefit our metals recycling platform but likely it would also support steel prices. Nonferrous margins also declined in the quarter, most notably in copper. Index copper prices fell $0.33 per pound during the quarter, resulting in a 43% decrease in our copper margins. Since the end of the quarter, copper has seen some improvement on reports of the strong housing data from the U.S. and an easing concern regarding China's growth potentials. Excitingly, in June, our SDI LaFarga copper rod mill began operations on schedule. The team is doing a great job as they work through the ramp up of the new facility. I want to congratulate them, each and every one of them, on a stellar safety record as well. They ran it [ph] without a single recordable injury during the entire 12 months of construction and commissioning. Within recycling, we are implementing several initiatives in 2012 and into 2013 to help offset some of the margin compression created by the macro supply and demand dynamics existing within the metals recycling arena today. We're opening -- or planning to open additional retail yards, which tend to bring in higher-margin materials. We are introducing new technology to recover even more nonferrous material from our shredding operations to further reduce the yield [ph] loss and to increase margin. We're exploring the auto business -- auto-body business, albeit in a small way, in an attempt to garner more unprocessed material at cost levels that should improve margins, and are also exploring small strategic acquisitions to enhance our existing geographic footprint to further increase retail business and to support our shredder volumes. Now turning to Minnesota. One of the key aspects, I think, of our success in the past has been controlling our cost as far into the supply chain as possible, coupled with innovative approaches to execution. Our pioneering efforts in Minnesota is providing SDI with a captive [ph] source of iron, eliminating the dependence on foreign pig iron markets. As stated in the press release, we have made significant progress since restarting the facility in May. Plant availability increased to over 80%, and we feel confident that we can achieve our target plant availability rate of over 90% in the near future. Additionally, our operating rate, our actual rate of production, also improved in June to nearly 25,000 metric tons for the month. Operating at higher rates for longer periods of time, we've been able to observe other deficiencies -- or efficiencies, I should say, that can be gained and that need to be implemented to reach our target capacity at quality levels and financial results. There are several solutions that we believe are viable, and we are currently determining the best approach. Our expectations are to implement solutions as quickly as possible within the next 10 to 12 months, dependent upon equipment delivery, lead times and subsequent installations start up times. One of the financial hindrances of the project to date, as you know, has been the sourcing of the plant's key raw material, iron concentrate. From the onset of the project, we were intending to provide the concentrate through our own mining efforts. I'm happy to report that our iron concentrate facility is on schedule to begin supplying concentrate to the nugget plant later this quarter. However, as we have stated in the past, we do have higher priced third-party material in inventory, and that will be consumed through the first quarter of the next year depending on our production rates. This is a critical step to improve our financial performance. Iron concentrate prices peaked in February 2011 at $193 per metric ton and have been in the market range of $130 to $150 per metric ton over the last 6 months. We believe we can recover concentrates for approximately $50 per metric ton on a freight [ph] loaded all-in-cost basis, which obviously will be a significant stable [ph] to us. If commercial pig iron prices remain at current levels and production levels continue to ramp up, second half 2012 losses associated with our Minnesota operations should be similar to those recorded in the first half of the year. If future plant modifications are successful and pig iron prices remain stable, we believe these operations should still become profitable some time in 2013. As for fabrication, the operations continue to operate in a weak nonresidential construction market that has created an incredibly challenging operating environment for our 6 fabrication plants. Disappointingly, the architectural building index began a downturn in April and continued declining in May and June, suggesting a potential extension of weak nonresidential building activity. However, although we saw a decline in new bookings in June, our order backlog was slightly stronger at the end of June as compared to the end of March. It is great to be able to report that Gary and his team made our first quarterly operating profit for our fabrication operations since 2009, so congratulations to the team then. In this segment, our volumes continue to grow. The team strategically set out to improve our financial results by broadening our geographic footprint to garner national accounts by continuing to focus on customer service and cost containment. Our facilities and their operating teams are ready to execute when market opportunities present themselves as we have configured today with a national presence with 425,000 tons of capacity just waiting to be fully utilized. So I think the highlight is looking forward. And as a company and despite challenging markets, Steel Dynamics is still delivering superior performance through the cycle when compared to our domestic industry peers. Our operating and EBITDA margins continue to be best-in-class. Superior operating and financial performance clearly demonstrate the sustainability of our operating platform. In keeping within our entrepreneurial spirit that flows throughout our company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth, whether in new products, new technologies or new business lines. The focus is toward not only top line revenue growth, but growth that will enhance and provide more consistencies -- consistency to margins. We're squarely focused on positioning the company for long-term growth, and there are a number of earnings catalysts that I would suggest are compelling. Since the 2008 downturn, we have expanded our steelmaking capacity and have yet to have a steel economy in which to fully realize the benefit. The additional capacity is principally in hot roll and structural steel. We have over 7 million tons of capacity and have only reached shipping volumes of 5.8 million tons to date on an annualized basis. That leaves over 1 million tons of latent capacity waiting to be utilized. We've already discussed many margin-enhancing initiatives within our existing businesses, our capacity expansions and use of innovative technologies within metals recycling and our geographic expansion within fabrication. The $76 million SBQ rolling mill expansion, and that's due this year. I believe it's a very compelling project. It hits all the key drivers to our success: increased volume of 325,000 tons, product diversification into smaller bars, our customer support, increased margins and I believe great investment returns. It will be among the largest single-site SBQ suppliers in North America. Our top customers are very excited about the one-stop shopping availability of our high-quality products, and they will also provide us the ability to increase utilization at our structural and rail division that they will supply blooms to the engineered bar division for their rolling operations. Also, the structural team is exploring long-term solutions for our -- for excess capacity of structural products, given the anemic nonresidential construction market. It is critical for us to lessen that mill's exposure to one sector and provide greater diversification and eventually, more sustainable earnings power through the cycle. This has been done partially through our rail initiative and SBQ expansion, though we must diversify that further. We've also discussed the prospects for turnaround at our Minnesota operations. And I think, collectively, all these initiatives have the potential to be appreciable earnings drivers going forward. And we look forward to keeping everyone up to date on the progress of these initiatives as they occur. With that, I'd like to hand it over to Theresa to give us some more financial color.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. Again, good morning. As Mark mentioned, our earnings for the second quarter of 2012 were $0.20 per diluted share, at the upper range of our earlier guidance of between $0.15 and $0.20. On a sequential quarter basis, that is compared to second quarter of 2012 to the first quarter of this year, revenues decreased $72 million or 4% caused by a 16% decrease in our metals recycling revenues, which more than offset a 2% increase in sales from our steel operations. During the second quarter of 2012, our gross margin percentage declined 62 basis points, eroding a portion of the 153 basis point gain achieved during this year's first quarter. Margin compression within our metals recycling operations more than offset price gains and margin from our steel and fabrication operations. In the second quarter, metals recycling saw decreases in both total ferrous and nonferrous shipping volumes and in overall metal spread, resulting in a $20 million decrease in sequential quarterly operating income. Within steel, on increased external shipments of 4%, declines in our average sales price were virtually matched with declines in ferrous raw material costs used in production. When we compare the second quarter 2012 to the same period 2011, gross margin percentage decreased 375 basis points. As Mark mentioned, the historically high Flat Roll and recycled ferrous margins achieved during the first half of 2011 were not repeated for the industry in 2012 due to macro conditions commented [ph]. Our operating income per ton shipped for steel operations declined $60 when compared to the second quarter of 2011, and our operating income for metals recycling declined $13 million. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 39%, consistent with our first quarter. The rate still remains higher than our expectations, given the inability to recognize any benefit from research and development tax credit that have still not been approved by Congress for 2012. Cash flows from operations provided $101 million during the second quarter, with operational working capital contributing $19 million. As receivables decreased 9% due to lower selling value and work-in-process and finished goods inventory volumes decreased 12% during the quarter. Strong cash flow generation during this challenging environment is a continued testament to our low-cost, highly variable cost structure and diverse value-added product portfolio. Our second quarter capital investment totaled $55 million and were $100 million year-to-date. Just over 50% of these investments were related to our copper rod mill, which started operating in July, and on iron concentrate joint venture which is expected to begin operations yet this quarter. Second quarter depreciation was consistent at $45 million, a full year estimate of $180 million to $190 million remains reasonable for depreciation and $36 million for full year amortization of intangible assets. Our cash flow statement shows a $56 million contribution from other investing activities this quarter. This amount reflects the sale of certain short-term investments that were reinvested in cash equivalent instruments. Our current estimate for second half 2012 capital investment is in the range of $125 million to $145 million, including approximately $20 million to be spent in 2012 for our special-bar-quality capacity expansion project, which is still on target to begin operating during the second half of 2013. Over 70% of the capital investments planned for 2012 are what we would consider growth-oriented for projects that are intended to increase capacity, efficiency and margin in future periods. At the end of the second quarter, total debt was $2.4 billion. Our current net debt, defined as total debt less cash and short-term investments to trailing adjusted EBITDA, is 3x. And our interest coverage ratio, 4x. Our long-term preference is to maintain that leverage at below 3x. And our current expectations are that net leverage would be back to under 3x by the end of this year. At the end of the second quarter, cash, short-term investments and restricted cash totaled $459 million. We also have the full benefit of our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility which had no outstanding borrowings at the end of the quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong at over $1.5 billion of liquidity and minimal secured borrowings. Funds that were available to us after our minimum liquidity covenant were $944 million. Looking forward, our current 2012 cash flow allocation plan remains to invest in our existing and announced operation, to reduce the portion of our outstanding debt while maintaining sufficient liquidity for growth and to provide for cash dividends to shareholders. And lastly, for those of you who use the breakdown of our Flat Roll shipments for your financial model, during the second quarter, we shipped 296,000 tons of hot-rolled, 103,000 tons of P&O, 43,000 tons of cold-rolled, 102,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 54,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 95,000 tons of painted products and finally, 14,000 tons of Galvalume. Thank you. Now, I'll pass the call back over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. And in conclusion, I think we would like to again give our sincere thanks to our employees for their continued hard work and dedication, to remind them that safety is truly our highest priority, and thank our loyal customers and shareholders for your continued trust and support. And with that, Andrea, we'd like to open it up -- the call, for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Kuni Chen with CRT Capital Group.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I guess just on Mesabi, I think you had previously guided to a target of 55% operating rate by the end of the year, but it looks like you ran ahead of that level in June. So is there a potential to raise your outlook for the balance of the year? And can you talk about more specifically on some of the process optimization opportunities and what type of work needs to be done on the plant at this point?
Mark D. Millett: Okay. I think, as I said, the team I think has demonstrated significant improvement since the shut down. Six months doesn't -- I mean, 6 weeks probably doesn't necessarily make a full year, but I think we are -- our confidence has been boosted. And as we said the plant availability exceeded 80% in June, which gives us the confidence that eventually we'll get to that 90%, 95% plant availability required to achieve greater capacity. The specific production rate has also improved up there. And we had an average rate equating to nearly 25,000 metric tons per month or 63% of rated capacity in June. I think the higher rates -- I don't think, I know -- higher rates have been achieved, but with degradation in quality. And as considered, with minor optimization, we estimate the plant can currently run at 350,000, 375,000 metric tons of furnace-ready nuggets per year. And we've identified some key opportunities for process enhancement that we need to address to bring the plant up to its 500,000 metric ton per year rated capacity. I think, specifically, the greatest opportunity is to increase combustion efficiency within the rotary-hearth furnace. We're losing sort of a lot of energy. A lot of CO is going out the sack, and we've identified a variety of different solutions to eliminate that issue. Half of that energy is being combusted within the rotary-hearth furnace, serving its useful whole-hearth purpose.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then just a follow-up on the -- as far as working capital goes, your comments seem to imply there's some inventory destocking in the channel. Would you expect that to result in working capital as a source of cash as well in the third quarter?
Theresa E. Wagler: It's a potential, yes. I see the second half of the year being probably some funding from working capital, but not huge amounts.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: It's nice to see, Mark, your conservatism coming through on this stuff. That's showing up nicely, and the performance was terrific. I wanted to ask about -- the whole discussion really is on the resource side. And it's getting frustrating because Iron Dynamics is working out really well now, right?
Mark D. Millett: Iron Dynamics is being -- is operating very, very consistently. It's producing, just month-in, month-out, of about 18,000 to 20,000 metric tons a month, of liquid iron. And I think Dick would attest it's not only good material according to the Electric Arc Furnace, but it's integral to the high productivity levels that the flat mill is achieving today.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: But it took how many years for that to happen? Was it like 8? I mean it was a long learning curve, and it appears that Nugget is -- the whole Minnesota operation is turning into the same thing. At the same time, we're starting to see resource prices collapse, I don't even think that's too strong a word to use anymore. And then next year, there's a big flood of DRI coming on in the U.S. And that's going to probably -- that adds to the ferrous resource base, right, of the country? Even though it may not -- you may not have access to that, it's a competitor's deposit. So when do we come to the point when we say that the economics has changed permanently? Or in this new world of lower-priced ferrous units, are the economics of what you're doing in Minnesota going to prove -- do the economics still work, and do they work as well? How has -- there's been a fundamental shift in the macro, so how has that changed how you look at what you're doing?
Mark D. Millett: I think, Michelle, first of all, first and foremost, a reduction in ferrous resources, whether it be iron, DRI, or scrap, the price puts us in a phenomenally competitive position against our competitive peers in the integrator mill. So having low-cost inputs, I don't think is a bad thing. Relative to Mesabi Nugget itself, in terms of Iron Dynamics, the team there has done a phenomenal job. They're out of the sort of iron concentrate arena. They are recycling 100% of mill scales and other steel mill waste. And we believe that will continue to be a great contributor to our results. Mesabi Nugget, obviously, it's been a pioneering effort. And not unlike Iron Dynamics, I think the ramp up already though has been steeper than Iron Dynamics. If you go back and as Bogart said in Casablanca, too long ago, I can't remember, but in the early days of Iron Dynamics, we were in a startup-shutdown, startup-shutdown mode for many years. And so for the facility to have reached the 60-plus-percent of its rated capacity to date I think is promising. Relative to the economics, I think things are uncertain. One can posture that China will lose its appetite eventually for scrap as it actually starts churning out scrap in its sort of economic cycle with Nucor and other scraps-dealing DRI. The supply-demand equation will change. So again, I think the underlying issue is that cheap resources for us is a benefit.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Can I ask on the concentrate that you're getting, once you are integrated in Minnesota, could that concentrate be used to make a pellet for DRI? Or is the sulfur content too high?
Mark D. Millett: You would have to do some pretty good benefit depreciation [ph]. It's not impossible, but it's not best suited for DRI pellets.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: With the economics of -- now that gas prices were so much higher when you started this process, now that gas prices have plummeted, if you were to fresh slate drawing board, would the economics be that it will be worthwhile to put that concentrate into a pellet into a DRI instead of the route that you are currently doing? Would that be a lower-cost alternative? I know hindsight is...
Mark D. Millett: One always has to remember, when equating any of these technologies is to go to the liquid hot metal. That there are some attributes. Obviously, a nugget is 96%, 97% pure iron. It is more beneficial to put that into an electric arc furnace. The productivity of that material is much higher than putting DRI in at, I should say, 92% metallization rate, with only perhaps 88%, 89% actual metallic blend in the material. I would say that it is no doubt though given the natural gas arena, where it is today and if you have a captive source of DRI-grade pellet, that would be an attractive alternative today.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: When you say captive source, captive source at what price? Would you say captive source at market or just reliable source?
Mark D. Millett: I'm suggesting if you have a source of pellets that you're backwardly integrating into the mine, obviously, the economics there would be incredibly attractive.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Even assuming you were paying market for the pellets?
Mark D. Millett: You're paying market for the pellet? Obviously, it's not as attractive.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Luke Folta with Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: My first question was more just broadly. You made some comments regarding the demand environment that you're seeing. And you noted some high trip [ph] prices [ph] slightly just in ag and transportation. And I guess I'm just curious to know whether you think that these -- or the pullback we've seen in these markets are isolated to those end markets? Or do you think this could be the beginning of a more broad-based patch of weakness? Also, I wanted to also get some color on what you're seeing in the scrap export trends. Understanding it was weak in the second quarter. But with sentiment turning a little bit more positive on scrap pricing, at least in the U.S., has that changed the order of patterns in the export market?
Mark D. Millett: Let me hand that over to my peers. They are the ones doing hand-to-hand combat in the trenches. So, Russ, do you want to tackle the scrap first?
Russel B. Rinn: On the export side, we did see early in the month of July some increased activity export-wise, some gain in the quarter. And we're starting to see some activity that way. Although when you look at the troubles of Spain and Europe in general, and in fact with the euro has now dropped low 1.20s [ph] versus the dollar, certainly that's going to have some impact on the export markets in the short term. Whether that's long, whether that's sustained throughout the quarter, it's just too early to tell. Despite that, I think the scrap market in general has firmed up. I think it's taken a big hit probably the last -- a little more than a quarter, and to the point where the flow has dropped very dramatically. I think we're sitting with fairly low inventories throughout our yards. Dealers are not moving material into our yards. So I again, I think we reached a pottering out [ph] effect and we are seeing some upward price pressure on the domestic side for our scraps. So I think that from all indications, the near term should be an upward movement in the scrap market. Dick?
Richard P. Teets: I think, of course, your question has to be looked at from a basis of individual plants and products. And if you're asked about the -- what's demand been and what does it look like and so forth with the end customers in mind, and you look at flat-rolled and I'd say flat-rolled has been solid. Inquiry activity is good. The price has rebounded and appears to be moving in a direction that's favorable in comparison to scrap. I'll tell you no speculative buying is going on in the flat rolled world, as well as anywhere, but -- especially there. And so we're doing fine. Construction and residential markets are weak. But again, those guys, I think, will tend to see a slight improvement. Though I'm not going to tell you that it's a major end to our problem. But we continue to shop and buy on a very limited basis. But more activity has appeared. I think when you look at the beams, the construction world, as much as it's all been dismal or sounds like it for the first half of the year, order entry year-over-year has been up for about 20%. Now I tell you that, hey, that here in July it's fallen off, precipitously. And is that any kind of indicator left for the month, it's one month, what did that make. I'm not too sure, but we need to be paying attention to it. Our rail orders are up 8%, almost 10% year-over-year. And here in the last month, our inquiry is about 200%. And so we're making a headway into the rail market. As Mark mentioned, we've been focused on it and there's still some good projects to be done there. And so we're excited about what rail and other products that we are expanding into, and we talked about them. But they've been working on development of additional products. So that's a changing... [Audio Gap] a local [indiscernible] the other day and he said he can't end up vehicles. He said I cannot have fair enough vehicles in my life I could sell despite of me [ph]. And I'm shocked by that kind of comment just from a little guy in the local arena. So things are still fine in SBQ. I know there are some weakening in the food chain. But I think now that the end-users are telling guys upstream a little bit, "Hey, reduce your inventory [indiscernible] at cost [ph]. I know if you have it, you're going to be looking for me to make good on it, so therefore let's just tighten up. And everyone sees that big drop in the merchant bar. As far as merchants go, we're fine there. We see third quarter and forward. We're over 90% utilization in Roanoke, and we were and we continue to be. We don't always like the price and we're making more rebar than we ever had. But again, the fact is that we're running, we're running well. We don't have any unscheduled downtime. We had a maintenance outage in April for a week there and that wasn't extended because of the market in any way, shape or form. It was the product -- the projects. And we just had a couple of days down at the end of June and into July due to storm damage. But other than that, we're not doing badly there. And in fact, our export billet sales are up and our domestic billet sales are up. And so we're pleased with the operation. And going over to Steel of West Virginia it's pretty steady-eddy. Now again, either -- both our custom sections as well as merchant bars, the melt shop is running flat out -- has been running flat out, and so we don't see any concern there. And from a rolling mill perspective, we have taken a little bit of time on #1 mill. And I think that's really due to inventory adjustments downstream there, our just-in-time delivery person. And so when someone says back off, we don't build inventory. We immediately wrap [ph] to it. But on the merchant side, we're still fine and there's scheduled fold [ph] in #2 mill. So I can't tell you that there is -- maybe Mark has a different opinion. I can't see that this is a weakening trend that's going to -- forebode poorly for the second half. It's just probably pretty normal for second half buying patterns.
Mark D. Millett: And I would agree with Dick. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty right there. But I think the inflections of late, rather unlike the inflections back in the first quarter, it's more procurement-driven than sort of fundamental underlying demand-driven. The buyers still continue to watch scrap intently. And given the downturn in truck [ph] and scrap market the last almost 3 months, they've been hanging out. They've been waiting to order. And hopefully, with stabilization of the scrap prices, as Russ indicated, we're going to start seeing stronger market ordering.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's great detail. I appreciate the color there. Second question, last question, you talked about spending some money on nonferrous technology, separation technology. In truth [ph] if you went over this and I missed it, I apologize, but can you talk about what you plan to spend on those types of projects? And also maybe on a ferrous ton basis, what do you expect the benefit could be, is it couple of bucks a ton, or any information you could provide there would be helpful.
Richard P. Teets: On the steel side, nothing is a couple of bucks a ton anything, right? I'm putting a little few words in Russ' mouth.
Theresa E. Wagler: We haven't discussed the actual numbers around the benefit expected, Luke, on those projects. The projects are about, I believe, Russ, correct me, they're about $30 million in total. And there's 2 separation facilities being placed. And those -- the first one should be in operation...
Russel B. Rinn: In about fourth quarter of this year. The second one should be the first quarter of next year.
Theresa E. Wagler: So you should start to see the benefit from that a little bit through the rest of this year and then more fully next year. And to give you a little bit of a caveat, the returns that we look for any investments, the hurdle rates, are for an ROA of at least 20%, an IRR of at least 15%. Not everyone meets that criteria, but most do.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Timna Tanners with Bank of America.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of housekeeping questions. So on the rail side, I had written down that you were targeting 180,000 tons for the year. Is that the right number, or is that kind of a longer term projection?
Richard P. Teets: That was our projection at the beginning of the year. Approximately there for by the end of the year, we still think there's a good market in the third quarter, which I just said that the inquiry rate has gone up substantially, and we're now selling into turnouts that track appliances. And so -- I mean, I do know we're going get there ultimately, but that's our goal.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then another question on Mesabi Nugget, I'm still kind of perplexed I think on how to think about the timing of any -- of the catalyst that you were talking about, Mark. So it sounds like through the end of the year, we're probably working down high-cost inventory, so status quo maybe in some of the losses. And then we should start to think about, what? First quarter of next year, some contribution? Maybe I missed it, but I wasn't sure how to think about modeling the contribution and the timing.
Mark D. Millett: So I think the -- it's difficult to project specifically because obviously there are 3 legs to that stool. One is concentrate price that obviously we've got an eventual answer to. We do have that higher-priced market-bought material going through. That still is probably going to flow into the first quarter. Obviously, pig iron pricing. If pig iron price, not market price, which actually is kind of the index, but the transfer price, that remains stable and up, and our volumes pick up. We still would suggest that we will see profitability sometime in 2013, probably later, rather than sooner. The big change or big screen I do believe is really a 2014 story. Obviously, the losses will dissipate dramatically in 2013, but from an earnings potential, it's a 2014 story.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the final question, I just wanted to know if you could explore a little bit more. You talked about the SBQ market in the short term. The new capacity you're adding is a compelling project, and I think it's been interesting to see quite a bit of new SBQ capacity coming in the next 18 months or so. Can you just remind us kind of what gives you conviction that, that market can stay strong enough to absorb the extra supply coming on?
Richard P. Teets: Timna, I'll try to answer that one. We are a predominantly large bar supplier, 90-plus-percent of our products that are going out are greater than 2 3/4 inches. And so when we have such a high concentration of those markets and the largest market by far in North America is below 3 inches as far as consumption rates, and so not a very large percentage of the overall market is small bars, it needs to be acquired [ph] in which to fully complement the mill and new added capacity. We look at that -- there's a lot of extra bang for the buck in this project that we knew was justified. And let the hurdle rates that Theresa earlier mentioned, scheduled in a manner that we only anticipated running the new mill half the time. Because about, let's say, a quarter of the time is either maintenance or interference the way it was laid out with a large bar mill. But there's still extra upside opportunity there should we want to take advantage of it. But we are currently using this moment in time when, let's say, inquiries are a little bit lower than we'd like at the SBQ mill to actually go out and start doing approval process -- processing of potential orders with our existing customers and say, "Okay, what will you be looking for?" And let's already get in the food chain or in the process, the approval process for many of these applications. And in addition to that, the configure [ph] time allows us to run a small mill as currently configured, even a little more so in an attempt to either files or production runs.
Mark D. Millett: And just to add a couple of thoughts. As Dick said, we're not chasing a huge portion of the market. You got a 10 million ton market. Small bars are about 50%, 55% of that, so it's -- as Dick said, we're not chasing a huge percentage of it. And yet, he and Barry Schneider and the team have done a phenomenal job with customer loyalty and support. And they are the ones actually who kind of, not urged us, but suggested that we get into that arena because there's great advantage to them having a sort of one-stop shop where they can buy the little bars, the big bars and send one truck in and get all their product. So I think from a customer perspective, it's a compelling project. And then also, the team has done a phenomenal job penetrating some very, very high-quality applications. And that market is not one that you just turn on an SBQ mill and suddenly are able to penetrate all markets. So there's a kind of a high barrier to entry, I do believe, when you're dealing with the grades and the physical promises that Barry, Dick and the team have been able to achieve there.
Operator: Next we'll go to Sohail Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On the comment about the diversification at Columbia City structural rail mill, a couple of things, first, can you give us some more color on what other arena you can use this metal? B, what percentage of that mill actually right now has been diversified or will be diversified once the SBQ is running? And, C, if beam does come back, 2, 3, 4 years down the road, and Dick, you recall, when you first started rail you weren't able to run rail because beam was so hot. If that were too reverse, do you have ability to switch back or add more capacity to fulfill that demand a few years down the road?
Richard P. Teets: Well, the first thing is we've entered the rail market in a serious way, and we are not going to go backwards on our commitment to the rail markets regardless of how hot the beam market is. That's just the way we do business. So therefore, we've committed to it. We're moving forward. We're developing better and newer and better products. And that's being reflected in our inquiry rates and our operating rates. The #2 mill is where the most opportunities to diversify are available. Number one, because we're only running it basically half the time, a little bit more than half the time. But we only have 2 crews of mill operators assigned to it. We do have additional maintenance people and roll grinders because roll grinding is 24-hour-a-day, 7-day-a-week process regardless of how many tons we're doing. The rolls still, once they're used are used. Even if they're not consumed in the same manner as we might think. So we have the ability to expand tremendously on our small bar mill, a small section mill as it stands today. The places where we have the opportunity, if you ask, what are we doing today, I'd tell you next nothing that we're shipping is what I consider OEM-direct opportunities that we're pursuing, and most of them are asymmetrical sections that are a bit more difficult to make. We make them at some of our other mills and they give us some assistance at Columbia City as far as engineering goes. But Columbia City is now attempting to market it. And then the inquiries they've gotten, we have the crew, we can make it. And so we've run some trials and in -- it's a perfect opportunity on some of these other sections.
Mark D. Millett: A little of what you'd call mixed [ph] thoughts more than anything, but the penetration of rail, we would anticipate 350,000, 400,000 tons would be our goal. And I think it aligns with our 2 very specific strategies of not only increasing margin but getting more consistent margins through the cycle. And as you said, there will be times that perhaps the structural market is going to come back and margins again will be massive in just the structural business itself. But given the capacity in North America today, we feel that there are only going to be short periods of time where it's going to be fully loaded, and those markets are going to be there. And it's more important for us to get consistent higher margins as opposed to an occasional peak, if that makes sense.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That does make sense. I have one more question. Was there any -- Theresa, was there any hedging loss or gain during the quarter on your Recycling divisions?
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, there was a slight gain, Sohail. And we have that on -- within our little supplemental information. I think the gain for the quarter was -- the gain for the quarter was $1 million. And that compares to a $2 million gain in the first quarter of this year. And I think you asked one more question. The question that you asked was related to when the structural mill start to supply Pittsboro, what kind of volume might that increase for the structural mill, and I think that's 200,000 to 250,000 tons.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I apologize for missing that part of the question. I mean, that's an opportunity number. And we look at that, I said that was the worst case for Pittsboro. From its project justification, going back to the hurdle rates, would be to have a higher percentage of the product supply from Columbia City. And yet we continue to work on the efficiencies and the output of the melt shop at Pittsboro continues to break records. And needless to say, it's in their best interest to minimize the amount that they purchased on the outside. Because I assure you that it's an extremely interesting dynamic within our company whereas Roanoke sell billets to Steel West Virginia when it's the right bottom line decision. Columbia City sells billets -- blooms to the Steel West Virginia when -- and it's sometimes at the expense of Roanoke. And yet, it's a dynamic that we have to constantly we're looking at as where the markets are, what the costs are, what's labor cost. And then for Pittsboro, that it receives some of their billet potentially from Columbia City is a dynamic that ultimately will play out, and we're going to continue to move it around. And if the structural market comes back, there's no problem. We have 4 strands on the #1 caster installed and we have opportunities to expand the second caster by an additional spend if needed, and they have the horsepower within the arc furnaces that have never been utilized and so there is no concern in my mind of missing the mark, on missing out the market opportunity.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: While we're on the rail, Dick, what is going on with the head-hardening process. Have you ordered the equipment?
Richard P. Teets: That's an ongoing development opportunity, and so I don't really think we can comment on it. But we're just constantly working at improving our capabilities.
Operator: Our next question will be from Arun Viswanathan with Longbow Research.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: I guess first off, I just wanted to get a little bit more color what you're seeing on metal margins thus far in 3Q. I mean, as you said, there was a sharp drop off in scrap prices. We've seen some firming in hot-rolled. So do you expect your metal margins to expand?
Mark D. Millett: I think one might see metal expansion or margin expansion to July as that cheaper scrap flows through. But as Russ indicated earlier, we're anticipating -- or at least the market looks to strengthen, and we're anticipating that strength. And that will moderate margins then for the rest of the quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler: Only if steel price doesn't move it down.
Mark D. Millett: Exactly. Again, the crystal ball, incredibly cloudy. And there's a lot of uncertainty out there.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then I guess the other question I have was just on overall supply demand. We've seen some maintenance by some of your competitors. We've seen some of the weaker guys potentially exit the market. Are you taking any share from some of those moves? And do you see any opportunities to maybe pick up where some of those weaker competitors are now out of the market? Or would you consider potentially looking at some of those opportunities of capacity as well?
Richard P. Teets: I'll try to address the current market situation. And as people, as they exist, there are local markets that we intend to capitalize on. When one guy goes out of the Galvalume market, therefore our capacity looks more backable [ph] as a Galvalume product and then as a galvanized product, and so therefore we're looking to exploit those opportunities. And of course, further east, when Jeffersonville does more Galvalume than [ph] galvanized, it presents opportunities for some of our tech operations in Pittsburgh. And they also had competing galvanized capacity that was available in the East, and so therefore it strengthens the market there. Gary and his team, from a manufacturing perspective, as we heard about them, have increased backlog and so forth. We don't supply nearly all the steels, but every bit of it is competitively bid, and we get a spare amount of that business. But the markets are improving. And as people step out in those regional markets, we're trying to take advantage of them. We want every share, every piece of the market we can get.
Mark D. Millett: Given the -- and looking at what the potential for or the potential destiny for RG might be, obviously, we prefer not to speculate as to the end game there. Although it's difficult to envision a profitable scenario for those assets given the competitive environment we all face today.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Longbow Research LLC: Right. I guess, in the past, you guys have considered Black Beauty. Obviously, that's not on the table given the supply demand where we are right now. But is there any scenario where you potentially look at some of the assets that are available in the market?
Mark D. Millett: I would say, as we've said in the past, what we need to keep our finger on the pulse so to speak and evaluate things as they come up. Again, it's difficult to envision any of the RG assets. Certainly, the RG asset as a whole, is getting a sort of a profitable -- creating a profitable position given the competitive markets we're in.
Richard P. Teets: Just for a record, Gary and his team, in this case, in the steel side, we look at all the opportunities there in the market and trying [ph] with an open mind, consider the opportunities that SDI could improve upon things to benefit with the equipment, with the people, with the markets and the products. And so therefore, we investigate each and every one and do not write anything off, regardless of what the circumstances or the venues [ph] or [indiscernible] projects.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question is kind of I guess related to lead times. You start to seeing imports moderating, ticking down a little bit. We've seen RG file, we've seen capacity reductions and so forth. I was wondering if you can talk about how this will likely translate into pricing on a go-forward basis and if you're starting to see an impact on the lead times as well, too.
Mark D. Millett: I guess when you look at the markets, you've got to consider the supply-demand balance. The fact that imports have dissipated somewhat here of late and the fact that there's some domestic capacity idle. Obviously, that strength will change that balance perhaps favorably. But again, there's a huge amount of uncertainty out there. The markets, as we stated, are very, very fickle. And people, I think, are unsure. You have macro, truly macro sort of structural issues on a global basis that is not only suppressing real demand but is also sort of tempering consumer confidence. And I think it's also inducing a corporate reluctance to invest capital. So in an arena of such uncertainty, I don't think we really want to predict where pricing may or may not go.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But you haven't seen any improvement in lead times at all in the last couple of weeks?
Richard P. Teets: I don't know if that could be stated. I mean, again, it's product by product. When you hear about $110 a ton reduction in merchant bars, whether that overshadows a $40 a ton price increase on flat-rolled as being the object of sales efforts. And so it's a balancing statement to try to answer. There's no firm concluding answer for that.
Mark D. Millett: But again, that being said, we are seeing in the markets, manufacturing, energy, auto markets, as Dick said earlier, they're strong. Well, stable at least. We are seeing mixed signals in transportation. On the one hand, the indexes are coming off a little bit. Yet our customers are suggesting, "Hey, keep on making and producing and supplying the steel." Aquaculture is probably the only arena that we've actually seen true softening to some small degree. But I think that's probably more a case of it was an early construction start, early season for those folks because of the good weather, and you've got a dreadful one [ph] now. So that arena perhaps is softening a little bit, but it's not a huge market for us. I think it's probably maybe 5% or 6%.
Richard P. Teets: And to Mark's point, things such as the Farm Bill it's debated in Washington, things like that. Those are influences on our customers and they have to weigh, what's the tax rate for saw bits [ph]. What's the write off or the depreciation schedule for these large purchases that they make. Each and every one of those outside of our control influences our customer base.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up question, I know that you don't typically comment on size for the upcoming quarter and so forth, but some of your competitors have indicated that they expect things to soften a little bit into Q3. Given the fact that you recognized the benefit of scrap potentially earlier, you talked about it in July, for example, are you thinking similar direction or do you think that you could possibly be flat to up?
Mark D. Millett: Again, as I said earlier, there's huge amount of uncertainty out there. And as we've done in the last few quarters, we're not going to comment on Q3 guidance yet. Maybe we will later in the quarter as we've done in the past.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from David Olkovetsky with Jefferies.
David Olkovetsky: First question relates to liquidity position and your current debt. Are you content with the bonds that you have outstanding? Is there any thought about doing a potential refi?
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the liquidity that we have right now, as I said, is in record levels. We're over $1.5 billion. We've got the full availability of the revolvers, so we're quite content with that. That allows for some growth as well. And regarding the notes that you're commenting on, there's $420 million that are maturing in November of this year. And with the strong cash flow, we're in a position where we could absolutely repay that in totality or we could decide to refinance some of that in advance. It is something that we continue to look at as to monitor our capital needs and where we see the business moving.
David Olkovetsky: And then as it relates to pricing in the metals recycling in ferrous shipments sector -- segment and also your nonferrous segment, can you give me a little bit of color as to what that pricing look like in those 2?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, this is Russ. On the ferrous side of it, again, that's for the last bloodbath on pricing over the last 3 or 4 months, which has been down over $100 a ton. We think it's finally got to the point where the dealers are no longer content with bringing material in because they just can't afford it. And so what we've seen is a dramatic reduction in inventories, and affirming in July that we think will continue at least in August and maybe again beyond that is hard to say. But we think we've at least hit the bottom of the scrap market under the current economic conditions. So I think the price direction on ferrous scrap looks to be upwards at this point. On the nonferrous side, that's kind of a mixed bag. It's really going to follow the general economy. We've seen it in the quarter decrease fairly dramatically. And again, on the nonferrous side, China is such a big player. If their growth abates, then certainly that's going to have a big impact on the nonferrous sector. If it does not, if it continues, then I think we'll see a fairly stable pricing structure. But again, that can change the tomorrow.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Mesabi. Just wondering what grade your -- of coal you're currently using over there. And I know you talked at one point about being able to eventually move to using weaker and weaker coal, perhaps even thermal coal. Just wondering if that's something that you still see in the cards going forward.
Mark D. Millett: We are, on a lab basis, testing different coals, Evan. And with the intent of moving to more high-vol coals going forward, but not so sure that we'll get to the real basic thermal coals.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you're using the premium low-vol right now?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a separate question on SBQ. I know you talked about this a little bit already. But would you be able -- willing to share any specifics on -- you mentioned backlog was quite a bit lower now on months there? And also just on pricing, have you seen pricing fall more than scrap over the past quarter or so here?
Mark D. Millett: I think going forward, and I know that we've tended to guide on backlog on a mill-by-mill basis in the past, but I think we're going to evolve a little bit -- we'll give you perhaps directionally where our overall backlogs are. But we don't wish to define that by division-by-division.
Richard P. Teets: A little more color on SBQ. Much of our [indiscernible] -- very little is commercial or spot there. A lot of it is a longer term and most of those have an index arrangement. So SBQ is the least of our products that are -- or the product that is least affected by the directional movement from a sales pipe perspective.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It's too bad about the scrap situation, but I guess there's pluses and minuses for you guys that maybe some other guys that are just all in the scrap market aren't going to get here over the near term. I was curious, can you help at all, if let's say, if we assume that scrap is up $20 in August, I'm going to assume that that's really the supply for September, how much would your scrap surcharges be down? Or can you give us some color on how much reduction in scrap cost you could achieve or see in the third quarter?
Richard P. Teets: I'm just going to talk to the mechanics that you've alluded to, and you're correct in the fact that the buy of 1 month is normally planned for the consumption in the following month. So there is a trailing effect of the price movement both up and down. When we have, and we have since the acquisition of OmniSource, have done a much better job of being able to minimize steel mill inventories and taking risk out of that just like our customers are trying to take risk out. So it's pushed back, as Russ was saying, even to the peddler arena that's saying, "Hey, there just packing [ph] in," and therefore nobody wants to bear that risk. Many times these reported indexes on, I'd say, the 10th of the month or the first Monday past that, and usually that's the indicator that's used for the next month's direction on pricing. Sometimes it gives a reason to adjust base on the merchants. And on the SBQ, it gives a direct indication as to by what dollar amount in [ph] the scrap work. And there are other surcharges that are in SBQ are in effect, but they're relatively stable. And so therefore, it happens immediately the first of the next month.
Operator: Mr. Parr, does that answer your questions?
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes. Dick, what you're suggesting is that I should just look at that index on the 10th and that would give me the information that I need if I wanted to estimate kind of how much the surcharges might be down?
Richard P. Teets: I'm not going to tell you how to do your job, but I'm not going to tell you that's the only indicator, but it's the market direction that is an indice [ph]. Because we use different ones for different products and some are combinations and some of the things that Russ does are not only -- there are some other publications, and so, but it's a good indicator of scrap direction and...
Russel B. Rinn: Directionally, a directional indicator.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Aldo Mazzaferro with Macquarie.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I just had a couple of little questions on the metal recycling area in the ferrous resources, the whole sector. You show a loss in operating income line of $13 million, and I think you broke out the Minnesota at $11 million and the OmniSource at a $5 million profit, which seems to imply about a $7 million loss somewhere else, would that be in IDI?
Theresa E. Wagler: No. Aldo, the Minnesota number that we gave you is net income, not operating.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: That's net, okay. I'll work backwards on that then, okay. And if I could ask another one, on the fabrication business, I noticed the profitability came in there. I wonder if, maybe if Gary is there, he could talk about what the outlook might be for volume and sales revenues over the next few quarters, if there's a seasonal pattern we should watch for or whether there's impacts of acquisitions coming in for the top line that might be helpful?
Gary E. Heasley: Yes, there really isn't that significant seasonal pattern when you look across the whole of the year. It's a little slower at the beginning of the year, coming out of winter or it's January, February a little slowing down in the November, December time frame, but what we shouldn't see too much seasonality. What's been the bigger driver I think the last couple of years has been overall growth. We're hoping to see this year be up 10% over last year's demand, and that's nice growth. That still leaves a market that's relatively small if you look back to the pre-2009 history. But we are seeing improved backlogs, good order entry. Now we've seen a couple of quarters here where we will see 1 or 2 good months more of entry, and then the month is not strong. And so it is spotty. The architectural building index full impact, the way Mike described earlier in the call, to us is a serious indicator that there's some turbulence in that market, right? And that was improving nicely month over month for a while and then pulled back. So I'd say, although it looks a little spotty out there, and we've got to keep executing every single day. Now those new plans that are coming up are, I think, more stabilized, and we're getting better productivity out of the groups. We've put in additional manning that is now more experienced and better trained and becoming more effective. That is definitely going to help us as we go forward to the end of the year. So I'm still looking for improvements as we go through the end of the year. But the market is a big question mark. And some of the concerns that Russ talked about with Europe and Dick talked about, Mark talked about. The concerns in the macro environment I think are dampening the enthusiasm for some companies to go build projects right now. Nonetheless, we're going to look at that continued improvement.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: That's great. It's time to show up, for sure. And just finally, Theresa, did you mention what the CapEx was for the full year? I think I heard you say something but I missed the number.
Theresa E. Wagler: I gave you the second half, we had $100 million CapEx through the first 6 months. And for the second 6 months, we're expecting between $125 million and $145 million.
Operator: And with that, everyone, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any final and closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: I would just like to thank you all for your time today and for your interest and support of our company, and be safe out there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, President of Steel Operations, Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations and Executive Director Gary E. Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Russel B. Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation and President of Omnisource Corporation
Analysts: Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Unknown Analyst Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics. Please go ahead.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or the general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results and turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K annual report under the captions forward-looking statements and risk factors or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. I know many of you are accustomed to Fred Warner, our long-time Investor Relations manager, handling this portion of the call. However, as many of you are aware, Fred retired in March after many years of service to the company. We all wish him well in this next stage. Until we announce Fred's replacement, please feel free to contact me directly for any investor matters. Now joining me for today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and the company's platform executive vice presidents including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our mills recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Now for opening remarks, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for your interest in Steel Dynamics and for taking the time to join us on our call to discuss our first quarter 2012 results. As last time, I will provide some commentary, which hopefully anticipates some of your thoughts and your questions. After which, Theresa will present more financial color, and then we'll open up the call for your questions to each and every one of us. Turning to the first quarter, 2012 sequential net income grew 51% to $46 million or $0.20 per diluted share. That result was at the high end of our recent guidance of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. And if you add back the net expense associated with our January financing activities, earnings would have been $0.23 diluted share. I think this solid performance by a phenomenal team in a challenging business environment is continuing testament to our business model that focuses on our customer commitment, our innovation, our innovative low-cost operating culture and our diversified portfolio of value-added products. The increase in sequential quarterly earnings was principally attributable to expanded metal margins in both the steel and metals recycling platforms. Steel margins expanded as the average selling price increased $22 per ton shipped, while the average ferrous scrap cost increased $10 per ton melted. Operating income increased 19% to $139.7 million. Our metals recycling margins also increased as with both ferrous and nonferrous shipments. This drove an increase in operating income at 59%, reaching an amount of $25 million for the quarter. Although steel shipments were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter at approximately 1.45 million tons, a shift in product mix was evident. As we suggested in our last investor call, increased domestic capacity along with attractively priced input opportunities created a headwind in the Flat Roll market. The market was further disrupted in mid-quarter by a temporary slowdown in order input rate as our consumers anticipated the moderating scrap market and held back their orders. By quarter end, this trend had reversed, order input rates have been reestablished and pricing firmed. Nonetheless, Flat Roll shipments were impacted and were off approximately 38,000 tons as compared to Q4 2011. While the SBQ markets remain strong, our Engineered Bar Products division shipped 8% less volume in the quarter as a result of an unexpected maintenance outage. Despite the outage, the metal continues to improve productivity and market share as they benefit from the exceptional quality, the downstream processing and our superior on-time delivery history. Despite reduced SBQ shipments, our combined long products divisions recorded a slight increase in sequential quarterly shipments. When looking at the first quarter 2012 compared to '11, notably and despite a continued anemic non-residential construction market, the Structural and Rail division increased shipments by 37%. Rail shipments were approximately 34,000 tons for the quarter, 13% of the product mix. On the metals recycling front, ferrous scrap shipments increased from the fourth quarter levels as inventory collected in November and December was sold into a higher-priced January market. In fact, ferrous shipments increased 20% to 1.6 million tons in the quarter, a record level since we purchased OmniSource in 2011. During the quarter, 48% of OmniSource shipments were delivered to our own steel mills. Our nonferrous team increased shipments 15% to 292 million pounds of nonferrous materials, stainless aluminum and copper. Generally, positive scrap flow throughout the country created supply side pressure in the quarter. Mild weather sustained obsolete scrap flow and growing manufacturing and order production increased prompt industrial scrap flow. Furthermore, the export market remain bearish, while attractive import pricing grew in foreign prime scrap and pig iron. After an uptick in early January, the market moderated through the quarter continuing into April. Our fabrication platform shipped just over 60,000 tons of joist and deck in the quarter, a slight reduction from fourth quarter. We believe this decline is more of a seasonal effect than a true demand effect. Operating losses were $2.7 million in the quarter, slightly higher than the fourth quarter results. Increased steel costs could not be absorbed in the marketplace, and additional ramp-up expenses related to manning were incurred at our Hope and Fallon locations to address our strengthening backlog. We continue to see slow improvement in our market share participation, particularly in national accounts now that we have a broader geographic presence. The impact of losses from our Minnesota operations on first quarter 2012 consolidated net income was consistent with Q4 2011 at $10 million net of tax or approximately $0.04 per diluted share. Productivity dropped to 46,200 metric tons as we intentionally decreased feed rate to offset a constriction that developed in the off-gas system on the rotary hard pass. Despite this, certain process and equipment change did produce an increase in operating time during that period. A planned 4-week outage has started to address the off-gas issue, along with a series of mechanical equipment modifications that are expected to produce significant operating improvements going forward. The impact to second quarter earnings from the Minnesota operations is currently expected to be similar to those recorded in the first quarter. As we have discussed in the past, even when assumed productivity levels reach over 30,000 metric tons per month, no significant financial improvement will be achieved until low-cost iron concentrate is available to replace the higher-cost market -- material that we're consuming today. The good news is that a solution is well in sight. Construction of iron concentrate joint venture in Minnesota is proceeding as planned, with continuing expectations of a third quarter 2012 start date. Then after we use the remaining high-priced concentrate that we would have in inventory, the financial performance in 2013 should be considerably improved. Shifting to current market dynamics, we have seen steady underlying demand for our flat rolled products. Auto continues to be strong, along with energy, heavy equipment, transportation and agricultural markets. The new and restarted domestic capacity is certainly providing a headwind, particularly in coated products. The market disruptions and associated volatility, as we experienced this past quarter, I believe are principally procurement-driven through erratic buying behavior as consumers try to tie in the market as opposed to any discrete changes in specific demand. Non-residential construction markets remain soft. Although, certainly improve from the first quarter of last year. The recent MSCI data would suggest structural shipments are up year-over-year by approximately 15%. Our wide plant shipments actually are up 38% year-over-year and up a few more percent from last quarter. This progress, along with forward-looking March ABI index that recently came out, remaining over 50, suggests a recovery has perhaps begun. Utilization of the structural mill is being helped as we gain market share in the Rail business. Rail customers are excited about the quality, dimensional torrents [ph] and physical properties of our standard rail. We view this market as further diversification of our value-added product mix and our long-term opportunity to mitigate a portion of the structural mills exposure to nonresidential construction. Through the cycle, the rail market tends to be more stable. We are further committed to the development of premium rail to give our customers a more complete range of products. As I said, the transportation, automotive and heavy equipment sectors are particularly strong, creating a strong demand and solid backlogs for our Engineered Bar Products and Steel of West Virginia steel divisions. Based on our customer outlooks, we believe demand in this arena will remain strong and anticipate participating in the growth to an even greater degree as we complete the $76 million expansion of our Engineered Bar division. As announced in February, we plan to increase the mills' annual rolling capacity to 950,000 tons, a 52% increase from today's capability. The expansion provides for state-of-the-art precision rolling of small -- or smaller diameter bars, thereby, expanding our product mix into a large segment of the SBQ market that resides below 3 5/8 inch diameter. It will also include additional finishing capabilities for nondestructive testing and will double its inspection capacity of finished bars.  Expansion is incredibly efficient in terms of additional personnel and at a budget of $76 million is a very effective use of capital. Furthermore, it will consume approximately 250,000 tons of billets from the Columbia City structural mill, thereby, diversifying their product mix and providing a good base load to mitigate the vagaries of the structural markets. With this expansion, our Engineered Bar division would be among the largest single-site SBQ production facilities in North America. We're excited to provide additional first-rate one-stop shopping for our customers and to provide what we believe will be a superior return to our shareholders. Relative to raw materials, moving through the second quarter and into the summer months, it is difficult to predict relative scrap movements, however, the environment of higher demand, driven by increased domestic steel capacity utilization and reinitiated export activity, could support moderate upward pricing movement in the months ahead. Although it's important to consider such short-term market trends, I would like to again emphasize that our focus is very much long term. Through the recent downturn, we have continued to position ourselves for the eventual economic return, and capacity that was added during the crisis has still not been fully utilized or the full benefit realized in our bottom line results. I think it should be noted that steel shipments for the quarter on an annualized basis which is 5% short of our record shipping level ever, yet, we have an additional 1 million tons of capacity yet to fully exploit as the residential and nonresidential markets return. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit that emanates throughout our company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth whether in new products, new technologies or new investments, with a focus on enhanced and more consistent margins and additional top line growth with effective margins and returns. I think leveraging existing facilities through capital effective organic growth, such as that of the SBQ mill expansion, will further this goal. So with that, Theresa, can you review some of the pertinent financial facts for us?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Mark. During the first quarter of 2012, our gross margin percentage improved over 150 basis points in comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011. Our steel and mills recycling operations each achieved margin expansions in the quarter. Within steel, on relatively flat volumes, our average sales price outpaced increased raw material costs, and operating income per ton shipped increased almost 20% from an average of $82 in the fourth quarter of '11 to $98 in the first quarter of '12. Mills recycling saw increases in both ferrous and nonferrous shipping volumes and modest increases in overall metal spreads resulting in a $9 million or 59% increase in sequential quarterly operating income. Though we outpaced our fourth quarter results, when we compare the first quarter of 2012 to the first quarter 2011, gross margin percentage actually decreased just over 160 basis points, as the historically high flat rolled and recycled ferrous margins achieved during the first quarter in 2011 were not repeated in 2012. Our operating income per ton shipped for steel operations declined $40 when compared to the first quarter of 2011, and our operating income from metals recycling declined $36 million. Gross interest expense for the first quarter was $41.4 million based on an effective interest rate of 7.1%. In comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011, interest expense was reduced by $3.2 million in the quarter as we replaced a portion of our senior notes with lower cost term debt in January. Based on the current refinanced capital structure, the second and third quarters of 2012 would also benefit approximately $3.6 million in each quarter due to these interest cost savings when compared to our pre-financed structure. We are very pleased with the execution of partial tender that occurred in January. Nearly 40% of holders tendered their notes, representing $280 million of notes tendered and $420 million remain in place. We refinanced the tendered notes through net proceeds received from the expansion of our senior secured credit facility in the form of a $275 million term loan. The term loan has minimal amortization requirements with the final maturity in the third quarter 2016. The balance outstanding at March 31 was $272 million. Expenses related to the refinancing, net of interest cost, decreased our first quarter 2012 earnings by approximately $10 million or $0.03 per diluted share. The expenses related to the tender of $14 million are classified in Other Income and Expense on our income statement. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 39%. It was at the high end of expectations. If you remember on last quarter's call, we actually thought it would be in the range of 38.5% to 39%. The rate was impacted by certain discrete items during the quarter, as well as the inability to recognize any benefit from research and development tax credit that have still not been approved by Congress for 2012. If the R&D credits are approved, we would expect our tax rate to fall significantly. Cash flows from operations provide $21 million during the quarter. It was reduced by our company-wide profit sharing distribution, which was made in March, and that was in the amount of $38 million. Operational working capital required about $70 million of funding as receivables increased due to higher selling value and raw material inventory volumes increased during the quarter. Our first quarter capital investments totaled $46 million. About 45% of these investments were related to our copper rod and iron concentrate joint ventures. First quarter depreciation was $45 million, and we currently believe a first quarter -- excuse me, a full year 2012 estimate of $195 million for depreciation and $36 million for amortization of intangible assets is reasonable. Currently our estimate for total 2012 capital spending is between $225 million and $250 million which includes approximately $35 million to be spent in 2012 for the SBQ expansion project. Currently, the second quarter could contain peak spending for the year due to timing of certain projects. Other 2012 capital investments nearly 40% would be related to our cover rod mill, iron concentrate plant and the SBQ expansion. Over 70% of the capital investments planned for 2012 are what we would consider growth, projects that either increase capacity, efficiency or margin. Liquidity remains very strong. At March 31, we had no outstanding borrowings on our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility, and our liquidity was over $1.5 billion. Funds that were available to us after our minimum liquidity covenants were $937 million. Our current net debt to trailing EBITDA is 2.6x. And remember, our long-term preference is to maintain that leverage of below 3x, and our interest coverage ratio was 4.5x. We believe the framework for strong cash flow generation, coupled with our strong capital structure, has the flexibility to sustain our current operations and support future growth. And now finally to conclude, I know there are quite a few of you who like to have the breakdown of our Flat Roll division shipments for the quarter. So with that, during the first quarter, from the Flat Roll division, we shipped 297,000 tons of hot-rolled; 74,000 tons of pickled and oiled; 44,000 tons of cold-rolled; 97,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized; 53,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized; 74,000 tons of painted products; and 19,000 tons of galvalume for a total of 658,000 tons. With that, I'll pass the call back to Mark.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Theresa. I think we'll pass it actually back to Ryan for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Luke Folta with Jefferies & Company.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: My first question, your -- one of your close competitors reported results this morning and gave an outlook that they expected to see a modest improvement in the second quarter. Is that kind of in line with what you guys are thinking?
Mark D. Millett: We would anticipate sort of incremental growth into the volume. So I would hope that would be the case. If you contrast it with last year, obviously, the February, March, April, May period had some pretty terrific spreads that allowed profitability or pretty extensive profitability of the Flat Roll division. It would be difficult to see that those spreads would plateau and that same performance occur this year.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But your expectation at this point would be some improvement mainly driven by higher volume more than anything else?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, I wanted to ask about -- just looking through the numbers on what you've reported on the recycling segment, did Iron Dynamics lose money in the quarter?
Mark D. Millett: No. No, Luke. Iron Dynamics contributed...
Theresa E. Wagler: No, they did not lose money in the quarter.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No. I mean, just looking at the results, if you did and maybe -- I mean, there is too many numbers to do on the conference call. But I'm just looking through that you made $25 million in OmniSource and you lost, say, $13 million or so million pretax on Mesabi. I'm just trying to kind of maybe understand where the rest of the offset might have been.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. Luke, the difference is that when you're looking at the segment results, we have to report 100% of the losses associated with Mesabi Nugget, and what gets the consolidation is only our portion of that. So we only own 81% of Mesabi Nugget, and what you see in that segment information is 100% of the loss versus just our portion.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just the last one, on SBQ, just wanted to get your sense of what you've been seeing in the market. It seems like we've seen a little bit of a pullback in lead times and maybe some availability -- availability increasing. I just wanted to get your sense, what you're seeing out there.
Mark D. Millett: We're seeing -- I'm not so sure, a pullback relative to that, specifically looking at demand. There seems to be a stability away from the sort of phonetic ordering that we saw in the early part of 2011 where people were ordering beyond 3 months out. Today, it's more controlled, more stable and more consistent I think. Dick, would you agree with that?
Richard P. Teets: That's very true, Mark. Exactly right. I would tell you that the vast majority of our customer base is positive and optimistic for a slow but continued growth, and that's just reflective of the different buying pattern, not a demand issue.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question, if I can -- if I may, is related to the iron ore concentrate comments that you sort of made in the press release and on the call. You sort of -- you talked about that there's some significant cost savings that potentially could result by not making the third-party purchases and so forth. I was wondering if you would be able to provide us with a little bit of color of how material this is relative to what you're buying for versus what can be produced and so forth.
Mark D. Millett: If you just -- Shneur, if you compare -- just simply, current market pricing is edging up in the $150, $155, $160 range for iron concentrate. Last year, it peaked at about $185 a ton. And we, unfortunately, are reliant in the most part or have been reliant on most part for that market type material. Going forward, the Magnetation -- and Magnetation as suggested, this is going forward well. The construction is well underway, and we're expecting a third quarter start-up. That material should be produced in the $45 to $50 per ton range. So obviously, you've got that immediate effect as you go from $150 to $160 down to the $50. That's a considerable change. And the additional -- the initial impact is that it takes, let's just say, roughly 1.5 tons of concentrate to produce a ton of nugget. So you have that compounding also.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And you would be able to capture that complete difference, let's say, if I round numbers $150 to $50, so you'd be able to capture the full $100 essentially?
Mark D. Millett: Sorry. Say again?
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Let's assume the concentrate market, just to make numbers around, was $150 and the cost was $50, you're saying you'll be able to capture that full $100 benefit and then be able to magnify it based on the 1.5 ton ratio per concentrate in Nugget.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, if you look at our -- and as we've addressed in the past, we sort of separated -- not separate out Mesabi Nugget in Magnetation. If you look at our Minnesota operations in general, that would be the case.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. And one follow-up question if I may, in relation to Luke's question, there's been some commentary about some softening in the sheet market and so forth. Is this related more to how you're seeing the customer changing its buying patterns? Or is there a little bit more weakness in the market right now that we should be aware of?
Mark D. Millett: Well, they suggested the market disruption sort of mid-first quarter I think was definitely sort of buyer pattern related. The underlying demand, I think we've found to be relatively steady, and it continues to do so. Auto -- as I said, auto is very, very strong. I think we produced 14.4 million units or whatever in March. But auto is strong, energy is strong, agriculture is strong, so we're not seeing any dramatic drop off in demand.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And are you expecting the imports to kind of lay off with the spread that's come in from Europe as of late?
Mark D. Millett: So the domestic to global spread has dissipated dramatically, and we would suggest that imports won't be as attractive to the buyers going forward here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Arun Viswanathan [ph] with Longbow Research.
Unknown Analyst: I guess I had a question on the cost side. Have you guys seen any benefits from lower natural gas costs? And do you anticipate to see those benefits in future quarters?
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that we have seen the benefits, but it's been such a long tapered decline in those costs that they've been rolled in, and we've been realizing them all over the last couple of years. I mean, starting in about 2008, there started to be a decline in the forward pricing and the spot pricing of natural gases. So I guess I'm saying that you're not going to see an additional change. They've already been tapered in through our performances over the last couple of years.
Unknown Analyst: So going forward, you don't expect a large incremental decrease because of spot prices have dropped in that gas?
Richard P. Teets: No, because again the drop in spot price gases that has occurred has again been slow and steady. I don't see it up in the whole lot from the $2 range that we all hear about.
Theresa E. Wagler: Okay. Just of note, natural gas is really maybe 3% of our overall fuel manufacturing cost. So it's not a tremendous cost.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then I guess the other question was on the markets. You noted that construction has gotten a little bit better from 1Q '11. I mean, where would you characterize us relative to the peak? I mean, are we still 60% to 70% below the peak? Or is that much better these days?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I can't give you specific percentages to -- against the peak, but it is anemic and incredibly soft. So there's a huge upside there as the economy recovers. Again, on the structural side of things, our shipments have improved in the wide tranche arena. And we see that principally through our fabricators in medical centers, hospitals, warehouses and some energy-related infrastructure.
Unknown Analyst: Right. So if that continues to improve, do you think that the fabrication segment could reach profitability this year on a needed basis?
Gary E. Heasley: It looks like that could happen. The challenge we're having in that part of the business is more spread than anything else. As we have ramped up, we've seen the industry increase bookings year-over-year by about 21 -- 29%. If you look at the January and February, we got market data for January and February '12, they're about 29%. Our bookings quarter-over-quarter are up more than 60% for joist, about 35% for deck. So the growth is there. The challenge with this business is we're continuing to invest in the resources necessary to drive that growth. A little additional spread over steel cost would be back helpful. We are doing some things to reduce cost, but really what's driving this performance or the lack of dramatic improvement in results is the investment in both sales, engineering and production costs to drive the growth that we think positions the company best for the long term. And everything that we're seeing continues to support that model. The spreads though, if you look at pricing year-over-year, they're roughly flat. And by this time, pricing should be up a bit. So it's just got a bit more shakeout that happened in that market as the market evolves.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, Gary. And do you think the investment is kind of reaching an end? Or is there a lot more to go on the investment side?
Gary E. Heasley: Well, from an SG&A standpoint, it's probably 80%. But as we see backlog growth, our backlog is up about, I think, 27% from December 31 to March 31. We've had to add some production crews in order to address that backlog. So we are very carefully adding production capacity as we must to address customer demand. And so that will continue through '12 that we'll have to add capacity to address that demand. But we measure it very carefully to try to make sure that we get the best results we can without giving up customer relationships that we think are really important in the long term.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A question on Mesabi to start off with here. Just wondering, what sort of monthly profitability and operating rates are you kind of assuming post the downtime here to kind of get you to that roughly loss of $10 guidance that you gave? I'm sorry, $10 million?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the -- we've suggested in the past, obviously, we've got to get the operating rate up. The financial performance there is driven by 3 main issues. One, volume, and we're expecting and hoping to get up to sort of at least on an annualized basis a 300,000-ton year rate by year end, which would hopefully flow into next year. It's driven by the concentrate cost, which obviously we will be turning that around. Again, that won't happen until -- probably Q1 because we will have -- even though we will be producing concentrate for Magnetation in the fourth quarter, we're obviously going to have to consume any remaining higher price concentrate brought over to the market. And thirdly, the price of the pig iron and you can't predict that. Obviously, the recent downtrend that seemed to be a floor at around about 460 NOLA, 480 NOLA. But the financial performance is also going to be driven by where that market defies.
Theresa E. Wagler: Evan, as far as the estimates that we gave in the press release, the question was what were the assumptions that went into that statement.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, right.
Theresa E. Wagler: It doesn't relate to gas. The assumptions were that production is very similar to the first quarter as they ramp up and that pig iron pricing is similar and that we're using market price iron concentrate.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Okay, that's really helpful. Then the second question though is on OmiSource. I think Keith said on the call maybe a couple of years ago or so that he thought the mid-cycle margins for OmniSource would be somewhere around $200 million a year. I mean, just given that your volumes are kind of near record levels at this point, profitability is probably about half of that right now. Is that still something that you think could play out as the economy starts to improve? Or have you tweaked that a little bit?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I would tell you I think certainly that's stretched on the margin side in today's market environment trying to get to that level. I believe we are back up to margin or to volume levels that we experienced pre-acquisition. But again, the margin in the supply lines, as Mark referred to earlier, supply-driven marketplace that we sit in right now is going to make that I think very tough until we get to mill utilization rates up to a very high level.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And just finally, what were Columbia City's operating rates this last quarter?
Russel B. Rinn: Just one second.
Theresa E. Wagler: Columbia City operated at about 54% of its capacity. It's basically the same as in the fourth quarter, just slightly lower.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tim Hayes with Davenport & Company.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Actually my question was probably mostly asked on the recycling. It was more just to flesh it out the operating profit per ton has been low the past couple quarters. Some of that is probably cyclical. But is there anything that structurally has changed in the last year that's made those spreads narrow, perhaps just tougher to buy the unprocessed scrap? Or is there just even more shredder capacity that's been added in the last year to go along with what was that and prior to that?
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I think certainly shredders, there's still an exorbitant number of shredders in the marketplace which have tightened those buy prices out in the marketplace and made the squeeze the margins to some degree. I don't know that there's a tremendous -- again, the scrap market -- the scrap supply market is generally where it is. We've had -- with automotive improving, certainly some of the prime grades have increased somewhat in the last year or so. So that's put some pressure on the supply side there. But I don't know if there's any fundamental shift over time from a year ago or 2 years ago in the supply side from the scrap perspective.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I wanted to just take a step back and ask a philosophical question if I could. So if you look at your EBITDA per ton just over the entire company, it's down 1/3 from year ago level. So normally a strong Q1. And I guess you're talking about getting up to nearer your full volumes, but it just seems like there's something structurally that's changed, and the industry is getting back up to 80% utilization, but the pricing power isn't back. So I mean, is this something where the structural over supply is going to get fixed anytime soon? I mean, how do you look at the market dynamics that way? Do you think anybody needs to or would take out capacity at this point?
Mark D. Millett: Well, obviously, the quality of our earnings, so to speak, dropped considerably quarter-over-quarter from last year and in large part related to the spread. If you think of the spread between the hot band and prime scrap. As I said earlier, February, March, April, May, they were at historically high levels with the exception of the single period in 2008. And here in the first quarter, we're kind of at the bottom end of the range. Generally, that spread vacillates between roughly $250 to $300 a ton. And we would hope and would suggest that normality is going to return and our spreads expand going forward for the rest of the year.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But what about the market is going to help the margins at this point? I mean, demand -- is demand better second quarter versus first quarter in your view? Is there -- I mean, what's going to help pricing power in your ability to pass that additional margin relative to what you had in the first quarter? Because that's the challenge I'm seeing is that we hear the demand is better, utilization is rising, but we're not necessarily seeing margins improving.
Mark D. Millett: Again I think, Timna, you have the headwind of the increased capacity come online. That is the headwind that until that goes away, that margin won't expand dramatically. I don't believe.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a nitty-gritty question, if I could, on the paint line. I thought that the capacity was considerably higher, like 430,000 tons. So the run rate is much lower than that. Is there anything about the paint line that's not as strong in terms of demand than we would have expected that's -- maybe I'm going -- dating myself here, but it seem like that was a pretty strong project running at higher levels in the past.
Richard P. Teets: There's nothing constrained in production that would be based on our order rates that we have to ship. So everything is fine, and we expect it to continue to remain strong and grow.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Timma, also it might be product mix. Obviously, the paint line is -- it doesn't run every product at the same speed. And as we ventured into different markets -- because the residential construction, the raised garage door panels were pretty strong running or fast running products, as those folks had a tough time. And we've gained market share in other arenas. We probably got some slower running material, but we can't guarantee that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: So my first question for you was just to confirm your guidance on the second quarter. So Nucor said that they would only expect modest improvement in the second quarter, and you're saying you hope for modest improvement in earnings? Or are you just saying you hope for improvement in volume?
Mark D. Millett: I would suggest that if volumes should increase at least if our customers are correct and there are prognostications, Michelle, and that with margins remaining as they are, should give us a modest improvement.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. All right. So based on certain assumptions, you might have a modest improvement.
Mark D. Millett: Given the vagaries of the market, both on the scrap side and the product side, I don't think anyone in the latter part of January felt that we're going to have the market disruption that we had 2 weeks later. So when I say hope, I guess I'm just hedging my bets. It's very, very difficult to tell what's going to happen 6 weeks ahead anymore in our markets.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Right, right. I mean, we see steel cycles of a year and then we have steel cycles 6 months, and then we had steel cycles of 3 months, and now it's 6 weeks. So I agree. Okay. But I just wanted to make sure what you were saying. My next question is on the SBQ expansion, can you address -- there's a lot of that going on. And so -- and SBQ has been neat because it winnowed down more than any other product line. So it's been tight for a while. Barriers to entry for new players are very high, but existing players are expanding. Are we going to end up with another glut of that, the way we did like in the early '90s?
Mark D. Millett: Well, there's a lot of plant capacity. And I'm not so sure that all of it's going to come online as advertised would be one comment. And secondly, I do believe we are well positioned. And Barry and Dick and the team have done a phenomenal job in structuring and expansion. Again, we're going into a product arena of smaller diameter of ours, 3 5/8 inch diameter which is an arena that we're not really in today. And that arena is probably 4 million, 4.5 million tons of the SBQ market. If you look at the SBQ market in total, it's been 8 million to 10 million tons in a normal year. So a good portion, 40%, 45% of that market is in a place that we're not -- the expansion has kind of come on the heels of our customers suggesting and wanting us to get into that market arena. And we feel that a lot of our product will be going to existing customers. And to your earlier point, there's a huge hurdle both in costs and in time and effort to get into the higher quality market niches that we're in today. Qualifications with the Caterpillars and the John Deers and everyone in the world is not an overnight occurrence. And I think we have a good number of years sort of leg up on our competition.
Richard P. Teets: If I can add just quickly that again, I think Barry and his team have attempted to position ourselves as a leader in the future in the market that we aren't even in yet, except we have a good a reputation -- a great reputation in the larger bars. And entering in this market, the equipment that's being chosen is, what I'd say, the highest order of delivering the highest quality product. And there are suppliers out there today, no matter what capacity they have cannot deliver that quality of a product that we will bring into market. So we're geared for a good growth. And if a fight comes on, we're going to be positioned for exciting blocks, block and beam furnaces, just things like that, that aren't necessarily a custom tool -- or customary tools in the industry in that market.
Mark D. Millett: And one last point, Michelle, if it's integrating into our existing facility, it's incredibly efficient from a labor perspective and also from a capital perspective. $76 million for 300,000 tons of capacity is an incredible effect of use of capital and should put us into a low-cost position compared to any of our competitors.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. And the 45%, is that -- can you tell me you would -- who logically -- who is in that market right now? Is that a big import market? Or are you fighting domestic integrated competitor there or comparable companies or...
Mark D. Millett: I would say all of the above.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. So there is a import piece of that market?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: All right. Changing gears here. At this point, you would say you have 1 million tons a year of unutilized capacity. So you could shift 1 million more, you said that earlier?
Mark D. Millett: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. And then one more question. If Nucor ramps up their DRI facility in Louisiana, what kind of impact will that have on the local ferrous feedstock market, prime, scrap, pig, all that kind of stuff? Is that going to impact with new capacity, a new local capacity of DRI?
Mark D. Millett: Well it certainly will help the supply-demand balance or the supply side on scrapping of raw materials. If you look in the southern hemisphere, the Houston, Texas, the Corpus Christi arena, today they have a reasonably good supply of obsolete scrap. A lot of which is actually exported more than anything. But in the prime arena, it's very, very tight. So it will certainly help the dynamics there.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: Okay. Do you think if prime -- if it makes prime prices go down, that could have an impact on the sheet market? Or last year, prime prices didn't move. The whole year sheet prices went up a lot and then they went down a lot, so this would...
Mark D. Millett: Obviously, one imagines that Nucor isn't going to sell that material into the open market, and it's destined for their own facilities. And thus -- but in turn, that's going to take demand away from the regular market. So one would have to assume that, that is going to ease that situation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dave Martin with Deutsche Bank.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had a couple questions. First, coming back to the Flat Roll business. I know, Mark, in your comments you noted the decline in shipments versus the fourth quarter was attributable to market share losses and new entrants. Also today, you had appear that reported about a 10% quarter-over-quarter increase in sheet shipments. I guess, what I'm asking is, can you help me interpret those different data points? And are there regional differences and demand trends, et cetera?
Mark D. Millett: I can only comment from our own experience in the marketplace. And I would suggest that particularly on the tax -- from a tax perspective, we're seeing a greater competition in the southern markets where CYK and Nucor sort of dominate. So it most likely is regional, but we're not seeing any displacement of our order book from our peers in any material way up in the Midwest arena.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then that's fair. Secondly on engineered products, I know you noted you had a maintenance outage in the quarter. Can you quantify the financial impact of that outage on 1Q?
Theresa E. Wagler: Not the financial impact, but we did make a suggestion that it affected the SBQ shipments by 16,000 tons. At which point you would have SBQ actually shipping more in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. But we just don't go into that granular level with our operations.
Richard P. Teets: Maybe I just clarify a little bit about that maintenance outage. We had a maintenance outage planned for the early part of April. And included in that outage was the plan to replace some components inside of our Walking Beam Furnace there. And whatever -- for whatever reason, the leak developed a little bit quicker than we anticipated. And we determined for the integrity of the refractory and the furnace, it was prudent to shut down a month early. We kept the melt shop running, and it didn't miss a beat, but the rolling and finishing was impacted, hence, the shipments. But again, the work was anticipated. The materials are all on hand, and it was going to occur in April. So really, I would tell you the shipments shifted from the first quarter and will be reflected with really no loss into the second quarter.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, Theresa, you noted some special items which were on the Other Expense line in the income statement. I had missed those details. So could you quantify what the items were on the impacts?
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. The comments that I made was that the premium associated with the tender offer in January, it amounted to about $40 million. And that $40 million expense is showing in Other Expense in income. Otherwise, you would have had Other Income in the range of $2 million to $3 million, which is very typical for us quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Lipschitz with CLSA.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Quick question. Could you talk about your lead times sort of end of year, beginning of the year, sort of mid-quarter and sort of now and sort of compare and contrast if they moved or stayed the same?
Richard P. Teets: Well, I would tell you from that -- I will believe the vast majority will stay the same. Again, even when we thought we took orders, sometimes they were more of a reservation and not an order on a specific product. And so therefore, we have time consumed, but not necessarily a backlog tonnage that was noted. So we talked emotionally about how far it's out. But in reality, we all recognized that putting things out at 9 months or 12 months when some people has claimed that, it's a little bit harder to realize that, that's -- those are the true products that are going to get shipped. I would tell you that we continue, as Mark indicated, under pressure in the East from our Techs divisions, and we are working on that situation, looking at other products and other opportunities there. But I would tell you that backlogs have not appreciably changed across the book, other than maybe the appearance of it at the SBQ from the end of the year to mid-quarter to now.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up, and I'm sure beating a dead horse here follow-up on Timna and some of the other questions. What gets us -- what stops the pressure if everybody's going to continue to bring on product? What's in -- I know demand is slowly improving but not enough to offset the supply. Anytime prices arise, the imports come rushing in. It doesn't look like Asia or Europe is getting better than where it is now, that much better at least. What changes this whole situation that we just don't keep muddling along?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, obviously, the capacity, the new capacity has to be absorbed. And that capacity has been coming on now for probably 1.5 years or so ramping up. And at some point, obviously, demand is going to be matched. I think going forward, if you look at a normalized economy, where America needs 120 million tons or 125 million tons, the new capacity is going to be easily absorbed. And as I've stated in the past, believe that the import scenario is going to be a little more challenging for consumers than it has been in the past. And the hurdle or the spread to make imports attractive has increased. And in the years past, if you could save yourself a $50 bill for imports, it would be attractive. But given the volatility in the market and the exposure or the financial risks that you have sort of speculating on that import material, I think it's increased dramatically. And the imports, mark-to-market when the market spread is dramatic, they will find their way to our shores at a much higher spread. Recently, we didn't really hear a huge amount of that import activity until that spread was over $100, $150 a ton. That's a different scenario than we experienced in past years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from Michelle Applebaum of Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: My follow-up question was answered.
Richard P. Teets: You don't have another one, Michelle?
Michelle Applebaum - Steel Market Intelligence Inc: I have about 10 more, but I'll finish offline.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mark Millett for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Super, Ryan. And again -- once again, thank you sincerely for your support and for taking the time to join our call. Thank you to our loyal employees that each and every one of you have an impact on our performance. And we wish you the very best, and just remind yourselves to be safe in each and everything that you do. And also, thank you to our loyal customers. Without you, we wouldn't be here. So again, thank you all. Bye bye.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Barry Schneider - Vice President of Engineered Bar Products Division and General Manager of Engineered Bar Products Division Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, Executive Director, President of Steel Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources, Executive Director, President of OmniSource Corporation, Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation and Director of Iron Dynamics Russ Rinn - Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling, Chief Operating officer of Omnisource Corporation and President of Omnisource Corporation Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Dynamics Inc.; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Operations; Russell Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Steel Dynamics Inc.; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I will now turn the call over to Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Good morning and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011. This call is being webcast live on January 25, 2012 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you'll be able to replay the call from our website or download the call as a podcast.  During today's call, our management will be making some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical fact, are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today.  Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental monetary and fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit market, the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes.  You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, and on our website, steeldynamics.com.  Now to begin today's discussion, I would like to introduce SDI's President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Millett.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Frank -- Fred. I'm sorry. I didn't -- in the lead-in there, I didn't realize I've only been on the job for 3 weeks and I was demoted already, but thanks for pointing out that I still am the CEO, Fred. Thank you.  Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us on our call to discuss SDI's fourth quarter and 2011 results. I will provide some commentary, which hopefully anticipate some of your thoughts and your questions, after which Theresa will present more financial color. We will then open up the call for our whole group here to answer your questions.  As virtually all of you know, this is my first earnings call in my new capacity as SDI's Chief Executive Officer. So before I begin my review, I think Id like to step back for a moment and just offer some initial thoughts.  The call obviously signifies a milestone in our history. Since Keith, Dick and I cofounded Steel Dynamics in 1993, our company has seen considerable growth and considerable success. We have grown from a fledgling company to the fifth-largest steel producer and a leading recycler of both ferrous and nonferrous materials. Keith has obviously been the principal architect of these accomplishments. He leaves an enviable legacy, a broad foundation upon which I and the team can further build. As the great leader he is, he has made the transition smooth and very, very seamless, relinquishing the leadership of the company -- the direct leadership of the company. He has been readily available for us to seek his wise counsel when needed. I would like to thank him sincerely for that. Our styles are invariably our own, but Keith and I share the same values, the same vision for our company. Transition will be an evolutionary one, building upon the past while recognizing and adapting to the changing markets and the changing business environments that we see today.  The company's in great shape. Each time I tour any of our facilities, I leave incredibly energized. We have a passionate team that strives to be the safest, lowest cost operators in the world. Those of you that have toured our facilities, I think, would agree. We have always had and will continue to have a very, very special culture. It's this culture and esprit de corps that generates that differentiates us from our competition. It is this culture that drives the positive results, even in difficult economic times such as we saw in 2011.  Returning to the subject at hand, looking at our performance for both the fourth quarter and 2011 as a whole compared to 2010, we showed strong revenue and bottom-line improvement. Sales growth for both the quarter and the year exceeded 20%. Annual pretax earnings almost doubled. Fourth quarter net income was $30 million or $0.14 per diluted share on net sales of about $1.9 billion. And for the full year, net income increased a considerable 98% to $278 million, or $1.22 per diluted share on total sales of $8 billion. We believe this puts us in a position to maintain the leading operating margin position we established over our domestic peers during the first 3 quarters of this year.  While our fourth quarter operating income increased 76% over the prior year's performance, it was nonetheless down 24% from the third quarter of 2011. As we described, Flat Roll margins compressed quarter-over-quarter as pricing receded earlier in the quarter and was not matched by an equal reduction in raw material costs. Additionally, costs and reduced volume associated with a planned 3-week outage at Iron Dynamics reduced operating income by a further $10 million.  The OmniSource recycling divisions experienced typical seasonality, with fourth quarter ferrous shipments dropping 11% to 1.3 million tons. Fortunately, nonferrous margins expanded and more than compensated for the reduced shipments. Operating income for OmniSource was $16 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of $7 million over the prior year and an increase of $4 million compared to Q3 2011. For the full year 2011, operating income was some $95 million.  New Millennium Building products, our joist and deck operations, saw losses in the fourth quarter edge up a little but year-over-year, improved by almost $6 million when excluding the $13 million charge that we took in 2010. The shipments increased by 53,000 tons to total 218,000 tons, up 32% for the year.  [indiscernible] iron-making operations reduced our consolidated after-tax earnings by $10 million as compared to the $8 million loss in Q3. As we talked about in our previous call, the increased loss was somewhat expected as our inventory drawdown of higher-priced iron concentrate resulted in some anticipated margin compression. However, the declining pig iron market reduced selling values more than we had thought.  For the quarter, Mesabi Nugget shipped 53,000 metric tons, up 63% from Q3. But even so, production did not really meet our fourth quarter target. Having operated for almost 2 years now, we still struggled in December with some new equipment issues which carried into January. Such equipment problems, as you might imagine, are pretty frustrating for us as the process when operating with a reasonable uptime has clearly demonstrated its ability to run in excess of 1,000 metric tons a day or in excess of 75% of its design capacity. But frustration aside, we do continue to see forward progress there.  Again, as mentioned on our previous call and assuming that pig iron market does not deteriorate further and modest production gains are achieved, the financial impact of the Minnesota operations in total will remain somewhat constant until our mining resource venture is operational and lower concentrate is available -- lower price concentrate is available in the fourth quarter of 2012 later this year. Construction at the new Magnetation facility has begun and we anticipate startup late Q3.  Returning a second to 2011, I think as we pointed out in the press release, our operations recorded some notable accomplishments and I think it's worth restating them. Relating to safety, while the steel and recycling platforms both operated below their respective national average incident rates in 2010 -- when I say below, I mean better than national average rates, they further reduced their rates during the year. The steel platform reduced them by 21% and recycling reduced their incident rate by 38%; so my congratulations to all those involved. We are truly proud of the improvement but will not be content, not only will we lose focus, until we achieve our ultimate goal, which is 0 accidents across the company.  As we stated, our Flat Roll and Engineered Bar Products divisions both achieved record annual production in shipping volumes. Engineered Products continues to improve productivity and is the beneficiary of increasing market share, resulting from its exceptional quality, its downstream processing and a focus on superior on-time delivery and value-added products and just the general value that we give to our customers.  The Flat Roll mill has similarly gained market share as it ramped annualized production capability up over 3 million tons through a systematic expansion plan. With a good utilization at Roanoke, the Steel of West Virginia, the steel platform as a group posted record shipping volumes for the year. A phenomenal achievement, again, in a tough market environment. Engineered Bar Products and Steel of West Virginia both achieved record annual income for the year. Our metals recycling operations achieved record annual ferrous and nonferrous shipping volumes as we leveraged improving scrap flows through additional retail yards and increased shredder capacity.  In 2011, we opened or expanded 10 retail facilities to increase the proportion of high-margin retail material, and the shredder upgrades throughout our system increased process capacity by approximately 150,000 tons on an annualized basis. We significantly increased our market share of rail business. We shipped 117,000 tons in 2011, more than double that of 2010. Mill utilization saw progressive improvement through the year, increasing from 43% in the first quarter to 56% in Q4. In fact, if you look back to the first quarter of 2010, I believe our utilization rate was some 29% and quarter-over-quarter since then, we've improved that number. So great performance by the team. We see continued interest in our products. We target 180,000 tons of rail shipments for 2012.  Looking at Iron Dynamics, they produced a record 198,000 metric tons of liquid pig iron in the year, with the lowest cost structure achieved to date. Iron input there is 100% recycled mill scale and other steel mill waste oxides. The liquid pig iron there continues to contribute to the high productivity of our Flat Roll mill.  In fabrication, New Millennium Building Systems continue to provide a good baseload for the Roanoke Bar Division, helping it maintain an 85% operating rate for the year. Three new joist-fabricating facilities located in the South and Southwest were started up. They will provide geographically strategic market expansion and open up more national account business for us.  So once again, I'd like to stress the phenomenal job the team has done in a challenging environment as a continuing testament to our business model, our customer commitment, our innovative low-cost operating culture and our diversified product portfolio of value-added products. All of this puts us in an enviable position, I believe, to take advantage of improved market conditions as and when they occur.  Looking forward a little, we are seeing more positive market sentiment and somewhat improved market conditions in many of the markets we serve. Auto continues to be strong, along with energy, heavy equipment, trailer and agriculture. The nonresidential construction markets remained dormant although directionally, the recent 2 months uptick in the ABI numbers is positive. And I think, as Gary would attest, our order inquiry rate has picked up and would parallel that uptick. Related to the sheet market beginning in mid-fourth quarter, both order entry and pricing increased at the Flat Roll division. This should benefit the first quarter as we consume the lower-priced raw materials that were in inventory at the end of December.  We have maintained our backlogs to 4 weeks for coated products and between 2 to 3 weeks for hot band. Although recent MSCI data showed us normal December uptick, customer inventories still remain lean and in combination with the recent apparent demand should support pricing in the near future. However, there might be a short-term headwind as some additional capacity comes onstream in addition to possible import activity arriving late March, April and perhaps into May. And that's been attracted by the expanded spread between both domestic and global pricing of late. And I think although the spread is attempting to lodge buyers of hot band, I think consumers are still wary that given the volatility of the markets, they will be leaving themselves exposed and are more reluctant than they would've been in the past to place large orders.  Considering our own product business, both Engineered Bar Products and Steel of West Virginia have solid backlogs as their respective OEM consumers are still seeing strong demand. There appears to be a pent-up demand for cars and build forecasts are up year-over-year. Heavy equipment is still in good demand and freight is moving across the country. Trailer build forecasts are up year-over-year as deteriorated truck trailer and fork truck fleets are being replaced. The soft spot in our steel platform remains in the structural arena. Nonresidential construction continues to be in a state of malaise. The increased order activity seen in late December and early January has dissipated a little as consumers perceive a moderation in the scrap market ahead. Fortunately, I believe that the structural mill has benefited from the heightened interest in rail, which should further help mill utilization going forward.  Also worthy to note is that even with a utilization rate of only 49% in 2011, the structural mill achieved a positive pretax income, again a testament to our culture and highly variable cost structure.  Relative to raw materials, the scrap market as you've previously seen, experienced some confusion in January as the strong uptick in the anticipated $50 move in December and anticipated still yet in early January, dissipated and fizzled to perhaps $20 to $30 a ton as more supply was available than anticipated. Milder weather in November, December facilitated strong scrap flow and well-established inventories were liquidated in the January up market. Supply was further augmented by stronger imports, particularly prime grades. While supply strengthened, demand during the month was suppressed by a weak export market. You saw that the strength of the dollar relative to the euro made European scrap more attractive to Turkish buyers. Additionally, with an anticipated up market, we saw several consumers complete deals prior to the holidays, which took some steam out of the January market.  Moving into February, we have competing forces in play. Good mill operating rates coupled with low mill inventories ought to help support pricing, as should the recent strength in steel prices. Further, supply will remain healthy as export programs will most likely remain weak. Scrap flow continues to be fairly good and as reasonable inventory that the dealer-to-supply chain. Strong industrial flow and the low-price pig iron market will also tend to pressure prime grades through the month.  Although it's important to consider such short-term market trends, I think I'd like to emphasize that our focus is very much on the long term. Through the recent downturn, we've continued to position ourselves for the eventual economic return. Significant capacity increases have occurred at Engineered Bar Products and both the structural mill and the sheet mill. At the steel platform, we have over 1 million tons of steelmaking capacity that has yet to be fully exploited. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, and that spirit emanates throughout our company, we will continue to assess opportunities for growth whether in new products, new technologies or new investments with a focus on enhanced, more consistent margins and additional top line growth having effective margins and returns. Leveraging existing facilities through capital effective organic growth will further our goals there.  But beyond aspiring to financial success and the appreciation of shareholder value, we recognize, I think, that that's not a strategy onto itself. It's just a result of who we are. Our success is going to be driven by the provision of quality products and exceptional value to our customers while we retain an innovative, entrepreneurial employee culture which is performing on a healthy financial translation.  So with that, Theresa, can you update us on our healthy financial foundation?
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. During 2011, our gross margin percentage improved 93 basis points. Margins and volumes generally improved in all areas. However, much of the benefit contributed from the Flat Roll operations was experienced in the first half of the year. This has been the trend over the last several years. Our year-over-year operating margin also improved. Excluding 2010 impairment charges, margins improved 132 basis points, caused by reduced amortization and improvements of 30 basis points in SG&A costs. Within steel, our annual average sales price outpaced increased raw material costs. Our operating income per ton shipped increased 36% from an average of $86 in 2010 to $117 in 2011. Non-U.S. sales were consistent year-over-year at 6% of total revenues. Over 50% of our exports are from our Mills Recycling division and most of that is from nonferrous.  As Mark noted, though we outpaced our 2010 fourth quarter results, when comparing to the third quarter of 2011, our gross margin percentage decreased 113 basis points, as Flat Roll margin compression occurred. Our operating income per ton shipped for steel operations declined $14 when compared to the third quarter of '11. However, our operating margin only decreased 88 basis points as reductions in amortization and SG&A also benefited the quarter. In addition, the maintenance of the submerged arc furnace at Iron Dynamics resulted in reduced quarterly pretax earnings of $10 million or approximately $0.03 per share.  Gross interest expense for the year was $179 million compared to $177 million in 2010, a $2 million increase in gross interest, while net interest expense increased $7 million due to reduced capitalized costs. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was lower than originally expected. Including noncontrolling interest, the rate was 37.1% compared to our original estimate of 39%. This reduction benefited the quarter's net income by about $760,000. The lower rate was primarily related to a lower state income tax rate, which was recognized upon the completion of certain state filings.  Our annual effective tax rate for '11 was 37.4%, a reduction of 191 basis points compared to 2010. Given that there were several discrete items included in the 2011 rate, our current expectations for 2012 would be between 38.5% to 39%. You might have noticed that our diluted shares in the fourth quarter were also lower than usual. There seems to be a little bit of confusion about how that impacted EPS. We excluded the share impact of our convertible notes because the results would have been anti-dilutive. In other words, it would have increased diluted earnings per share. At December 31, there were 218.9 million shares of common stock outstanding, 8.6 million stock options and 16.4 million shares underlying our convertible note.  Regarding our cash flow, cash generation strengthened significantly during the year. Cash flow from operations provided $486 million of funds, an increase of $317 million over 2010 results. For 2011, working capital required about $80 million, but was neutral for the fourth quarter results as funding from the decrease in receivables related to our lower selling values are generally offset by increased raw material and supply inventories.  Our annual 2011 capital investments were $167 million, $75 million was spent in the fourth quarter. About 25% of fourth quarter investments were related to our copper rod and iron concentrate joint ventures. On an annual basis, approximately 31% were for our Mills Recycling operations, 20% -- 26% for steel, 15% for Minnesota and 14% for the copper rod joint venture. 2011 depreciation was $177 million.  Regarding our expectations for 2012, we currently anticipate capital investments in the range of $225 million. Over 60% of that could be spent in the first half of the year due to project timing. We also currently expect depreciation to be about $195 million and amortization of intangible assets to decrease to about $36 million.  Regarding our capital structure, we are very pleased with the execution of the partial tender offer for our 7 3/8% senior notes due in November 2012. As of the early tender deadline, nearly 40% of holders have tendered their notes, representing $278 million. We refinanced the tender through net proceeds received from the expansion of our senior secured credit facility in the form of a $275 million term loan. The term loan has minimal amortization requirements with the final maturity in the third quarter of 2016.  Expenses related to refinancing, net of interest cost savings are expected to decrease our first quarter 2012 earnings by approximately $10 million on a pretax basis. Given the more cost-effective nature of the term loan, we expect savings related to the refinancing of approximately $4 million in each of the second and third quarters of 2012, followed by a little over $1 million positive impact in the fourth quarter. We have numerous options regarding the remaining outstanding 2012 notes of $425 million.  At December 31, we had $476 million of cash on hand, driven by solid cash flows from operations of $486 million. Our low-cost highly variable operating structure supports continued strength in our cash flow generation. Additionally, we are taking advantage of the bank and bond markets historically as appropriate. We are continually monitoring our capital needs, our access to funds and the market environment and we will take advantage of the market as appropriate.  Our credit metrics during the year also strengthened. At December 31, we had no outstanding borrowings on our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility. [Indiscernible] the refinancing, we have liquidity of nearly $1.6 billion at December 31. Funds that were available to us after our minimum liquidity covenant were $971 million. Our ratio of total debt to trailing EBITDA improved from 3.7x at the end of 2010 to 2.8x. Our current net debt is 2.4x. Our interest coverage ratio also improved year-over-year from 3.8x at the end of 2010 to a current level of 4.9x.  Looking forward, our current 2012 cash allocation plan includes the ability to invest the $225 million in our existing and announced operations; it includes reducing a portion of our outstanding debt while maintaining sufficient liquidity for growth and for providing for cash dividends for shareholders. We believe the framework for strong cash flow generation, coupled with our strong capital structure has the flexibility to sustain our current operations and to support our future growth.  Lastly, for those of you who use the breakdown of our Flat Roll division shipments for your financial models, I'll now give the fourth quarter breakdown: hot rolled was 296,000 tons; P&O 98,000 tons; cold-rolled 30,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized 98,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized 58,000 tons; painted products 80,000 tons; and Galvalume 19,000 tons.  Mark?
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Well, Olga, we will eagerly await everyone's questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Kuni Chen at CRT Capital Group.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I guess just first off on Mesabi Nugget, can you perhaps give us a little bit more color on some of the equipment issues that you're having there? And if you look back to the last quarterly conference call, you guys gave a lot of detail on kind of your ramp-up goals for 2012 and some financial targets. If you could refresh us on some of those metrics, that would be great.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Well the equipment issues, 2 principal issues. One, the product cooler, which is a very, very long large diameter cylinder cooled device that takes the hot nuggets and obviously cools it down to about 200 degrees. We had some steel issues there and it gave us a safety issue to be honest because we had a pretty severe overpressure. So we took some time to evaluate the process, the controls and ensure that was taken care of from a safety standpoint. Hopefully, that will not be reoccurring. And then secondarily, we had some premature failure, refractory failure, on the flue leading to the off-gas system. Again, that's been seeing operations for 2 years now. That material has been patched. We anticipate a shutdown in April to complete that repair. I think back in the last call, we suggested that Mesabi operations in general will -- or the financial performance will remain somewhat as they are today. First of all, improved on a cash basis, until the Magnetation operation comes online to provide the chief concentrate. That actually has begun. As I said earlier, construction has commenced and should be online here in the third quarter. With the Minnesota operations and Mesabi Nugget operating with a concentrate and is projected to be around about $50 in total, we would expect and do expect that the operations in total would be profitable. But one must remember that there's going to be some carryover in the fourth quarter of more expensive onshore concentrate. And so our results will not be substantially changed in 2012. As we said in the last call, though, 2013 is where the turnaround will be and profitability will more than likely occur.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And just as one -- as a follow-up, can you remind us on your goals ahead as far as utilization rate and just remind us where you are with any outstanding permitting issues?
Mark D. Millett: We're projecting, again, subject to a lot of contingencies, I guess. But we're hoping for about 280,000 tons of production this year. From a permitting standpoint, obviously Magnetation has been permitted and construction's underway. The actual permit for the mine itself is still languishing. We would hope to see some link in the first quarter of 2013. But in honesty, your guess is as good as mine at this moment in time. But again, I think as we mentioned in the past, having Magnetation and the production of concentrate from that operation, that's more than a bridge to any of our own mining activities. That operation will be about 1 million tons a year. Outtake will be 800,000 tons, which is more than sufficient to supply the nugget operations.
Operator: We'll go next to Evan Kurtz at Morgan Stanley.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You talked a little bit about some competing kind of forces here in the scrap markets. I was wondering if you could venture, I guess, for February estimates on the prime and obsolete?
Mark D. Millett: Well actually, I'd prefer to refrain from that, giving specific guidance there. Again, from a marketing standpoint, our folks are currently negotiating their own buys and their own sales. So specific movement, I prefer not to, other than I think the drivers I outlined, which suggests there is going to be moderation in February.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And Nucor's out this morning with an announcement that they're going to put in another 1 million tons of SBQ/water rock capacity. The Dow's announced some capacity additions there. Just wondering what you were thinking along those lines. Is there any concern out there that maybe this market -- I know it's tight right now, could we get to a point a couple of years down the road where we run into oversupply?
Mark D. Millett: The supply-and-demand balance obviously will radically change if all those added capacity do come online. I think Barry and the team and Dick had outlined in greater detail that we've done a phenomenal job penetrating some very high-quality applications. We booked certification and approvals through the likes of Caterpillar and other heavy equipment manufacturers. And it will not be an easy -- well at least the short-term market penetration for that new competition.
Barry Schneider: Well, I agree. And you don't have to worry about the total supply coming onstream, but I guess Id also like to think that each of the SBQ facilities, ours included, have a great flexibility and product capability. There's products that we don't currently make and that if it is oversupply, it would affect all of the SBQ producers. Each one of us will be looking to cascade into other products. And then it will become a -- well there are, let me just say, some weaker suppliers, leave it at that, that are going to have to worry about it. And I don't believe it will be the strong and efficient SBQ producers.
Evan L. Kurtz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And do you have a sense of just how much the actual market was in 2011 for SBQ's demand in the U.S.?
Theresa E. Wagler: I know that the tons that we produced down in Pittsboro at our Engineered Bar Products, that market tends to be, year-over-year, anywhere between 7.5 and 8 million tons. I can't speak for SBQ market.
Operator: We'll go next to Brett Levy at Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First question relates to sort of a follow-up on SBQ and then second one is more about capital structure. Is there just sort of an inherent displacement of a lot of foreign SBQ that's been going on over several years? And do you expect it to continue and that would in some way accommodate some of this additional capacity?
Mark D. Millett: I think there's some truth to that. But I would tell you that there's an ongoing improvement in the build rates and so forth that is keeping pressure on us as suppliers and providing a lot of marketing opportunities.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: How far out is your order book for SBQ and MBQ right now?
Mark D. Millett: I would say well into the second quarter. It's a different type of market where we almost sell capacity and we have commitments from people and they sell them on a monthly basis. But we have a very strong backlog position in both of those products.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then back to the capital structure. With the plans for the southern sheet mill now back burner-ed, it looks as if -- and a lot of your bonds coming to call dates, it looks like you have some decisions to make as to whether or not you choose amortizable debt or non-amortizable debt, whether you delever a little or whether you delever a lot. And then the last one was I noticed you didn't mention anything about share buybacks, just cash dividends. Can you talk about whether or not that's something you're thinking about as well? So I know that's a broad question, had a bunch of pieces to it, but can you talk around those points?
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly, yes. Considering the deleveraging and the idea about projects, I never in my history here at Steel Dynamics have been able to necessarily keep up with all the growth plans that the guys have. And so I would anticipate that we're going to continue to grow. And so as we do that, we'll evaluate our needs. We do anticipate deleveraging somewhat during this year and that's to try to maintain a more -- a better, stronger cost of capital structure when going to the downturn. But saying that, I do believe that we will be having growth initiatives throughout the year. So whether or not we use amortizable or non-amortizable debt, I can't speak to that. We do have some callability of our notes coming up. We do have a very strong bond market now and as I mentioned earlier, we're continuing and we always have monitored those markets. So I feel pretty good about where we're at.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the last piece of the puzzle was share buyback?
Theresa E. Wagler: My comments on share buyback would be -- if it becomes investment return to the shareholders, that's obviously an option. But there's other growth opportunities for the company to spend the cash flows, and I think we would achieve something else.
Mark D. Millett: If I could add, as Theresa suggested, we always have been a growth company and we always will continue to be a growth company. And there are certain projects that internally, at OmniSource, they've done a pretty comprehensive overview of what they can do in certainly the organic and perhaps acquisitional, as Dick and the steel team have identified many internal growth -- capital effective growth opportunities. So I think you'll see that we will continue on a growth path going forward.
Operator: Next, we'll move to David McGregor at Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I guess, Mark, last quarter, there'd been some reference on the call to the expansion at Pittsboro and the plans being put before the board for the SBQ operation there. Can you update us just on where you might be in terms of that expansion?
Mark D. Millett: I think the Pittsboro expansion is just, as I said earlier or just moments ago, one of several great ideas Dick and his team have identified in the steel platform. In addition, Russ, Gary, they also have some plans or some dreams. I think we are continuing to evaluate those projects across the company, but it's a matter of determining which projects will generate the best returns for the cash deployed.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you say if the plans are still before the board or have you turned them down?
Mark D. Millett: The plans have not been put before the board and have not been turned down, therefore.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Second question was just reflecting back on the price outlook from last quarter, it seems like the recent increases in prices are maybe a little stronger than your team had initially anticipated. So I guess the question is, just how sustainable do you think this recent upturn in pricing is given the current read-on demand, scrap pricing trends, et cetera?
Mark D. Millett: As with any prediction it's subject to being incorrect, but there does appear to be an improved underlying demand across the sectors that I mentioned earlier. Agriculture is still very strong. There really is pent-up demand on the order side. Energy is good. So there seems to be, across our customer base, not just a positive market sentiment but an actual -- an increase unto itself. So that would support, I think, continued market strength. The customer inventories across, whether it be in service center distributors, OEMs is still tight. And so any further pickup in demand will be a little more exaggerated as restocking or inventories get rebuilt a little bit. So that's very positive, I think, for the steel market in general. So the headwind, obviously, is a potential increase in capacity. RG, maybe you've got a few more tons that have come out of 2YK and you have a semi-cool operation ramping up of its caster. That will obviously in the short term, I think, give you a little bit of a headwind. But we're pretty bullish, mostly on the increased demand prospects.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just comment on the extent to which you may be seeing a discounting in the market right now?
Mark D. Millett: Well, I don't think necessarily we're seeing a great deal of discounting, I think from our perspective.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Shneur Gershuni at UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, so just a couple of quick ones. I realize that some things have been off. There are one-off items with Iron Dynamics this past quarter. But I was wondering if you can sort of walk us through the steps that you're taking to sort of improve the results there, in general. And maybe if you can also talk to, does capital redeployment change at all now that you are sitting as the CEO? Or should we think that the plans that were in place last year are still the plans that we should be thinking about going forward?
Mark D. Millett: You were breaking up a little bit there. I think the first part of the question was how we're going to improve our Iron Dynamics? In all honesty, they have been operating incredibly well. They continue to optimize the process there. And that cost was purely associated with, I think it was a 2, 2.5-week shutdown to replace the submerged arc furnace refractory. That refractory had been in operation for, I think, over 2 years or more. So that was just a standard regular shutdown and we wouldn't anticipate a lengthy shutdown like that for some time to come. So Iron Dynamics will obviously come around. The pig iron market at mill today is 480, 485. That may suppress their earnings a little bit compared to early last year but nonetheless, I think they will be very, very healthy for the rest of this year. To be honest, I don't think we caught the second part of your question.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The second part was there -- are there going to be any shift in direction on capital deployment? Like given that you're now sitting in the CEO seat or like for example with respect to black beauty and so forth, or is kind of all the ideas that you laid out with us for us last year is kind of still the same course with that, that you're headed now?
Mark D. Millett: Well as I said, we first and foremost, we've always been a growth company and we will continue to be that way. From a standpoint of actual projects, no, we are evaluating everything internally. We're going to be focused on capital effective organic growth. Obviously, as I've mentioned earlier, we've got a lot of steelmaking capacity that is yet to be utilized fully. And we will be looking towards having to exploit that. And if you look at the structural mill, that ability is essentially nonresidential construction based. And part of the reason that it's -- doesn't have -- it's full of order book, perhaps, as our other facility, is that we have very little diversification market sector there. The rail obviously is helping that, and we will continue to look at the opportunities to diversify its markets. The organic growth, for sure, and we will continue to look at both greenfield and other opportunities as they come online.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. One final question, if I may. It sounded like in your prepared remarks you were talking about a softening scrap market, but you sort of said that it's probably kind of short term and not to view it as a long-term trend. So how do you think we should be thinking about margins beyond the first quarter? Is it going to kind of look similar to the back half of last year and the real opportunity in earnings growth is going to come from volume and fixed costs absorption and sort of in expansion of specialty products? Or do you think that we can see a return to some of the margins that we saw in previous years past where scrap and the Flat Roll price kind of widened out relative to where it's been?
Mark D. Millett: Well, we -- I guess we're certainly optimistic for the start of the year. And at least right now, it appears to be that the cycle is going to be somewhat similar to 2011, with a good first half and who knows what the second half might be? But I think our focus internally is several fold. One is to expand the margin of our existing businesses. Obviously, the Mills Recycling arena has been under a lot of pressure last 18 months, 2 years, with compressed margins. And I think Russ is vigilantly pursuing improvement there. Russ, do you want to give them an outline as to some of the things you're doing to improve the margin there?
Russ Rinn: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. I think part of the issue, as Mark talked about in the call, was we've spent some much-needed funds last year in upgrading some worn-out shredder capacity we had, particularly in the Southeast. And as we bring that online, we think that brings us an additional 150,000 tons or so of additional shredding capacity at our existing locations. Again, certainly at a better cost not only for the throughput, but because they were older, worn-out machines. We continue to look at other opportunities, including some downstream separation that will start this year with the Recycling division. Again, taking more metals, more metallics out of our existing flows so that we can garner more from those streams as they come out of the shredders. And Mark mentioned also the retail expansion that we've done. Again, part of that is a cost reduction area for our own existing facilities because we take some of that congested flow out of them and put it in an environment that's much more conducive to customer service. And it also makes an area that is, I guess, conducive to even the soccer mom to come in and bring her bag of aluminum cans for recycling in a safe environment where it is much more user-friendly for her. So again, I think those and a lot of our focus on working on our costs from a top-to-bottom basis point, we think that will pay dividends for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Gambardella at JPMorgan.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. I know hindsight is always best, but if you are looking at it again today in terms of the Mesabi Nugget project, would you just put in a conventional DRI facility?
Mark D. Millett: I would not. I believe -- and again, Mike, if you look at the Minnesota operations as a whole and once we have the cost concentrate going to that facility, I think the profitability and the returns will be as we anticipated originally. It's a lot more forgiving in a flexible operation than a fully sort of integrated glass flask facility as well.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just a question on the costs and the results coming out on Mesabi Nugget. I mean, we've had a pretty significant drop in natural gas costs. I would've thought that would've flowed through or helped the performance and we must be seeing some other extra overruns on the cost side. Can you talk about that?
Mark D. Millett: Well obviously, Mesabi Nugget today is running with a high concentrate purchased from the likes of Cleveland-Cliffs and others. That's purchased at market pricing, which is a lot higher than the sort of the premise of Mesabi Nugget originally. Also, coal is -- remains strong. The coal market pricing in Columbia is strong there. And the facility is more coal-based than natural gas based. Although we are seeing some benefits from lower natural gas costs, it's not a massive part of the cost structure there.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, I mean if one of your competitors opted to go with a conventional DRI facility that's all natural gas-based, would they have a cost advantage over Mesabi Nugget right now?
Mark D. Millett: Right now, with the volume going through Mesabi Nugget, I would say a considerable advantage. But as we have compared operating expense and cost structures between Mesabi Nugget running at 500,000 metric tons a year, with concentrate coming from our own facility and we compare that with a DRI facility located here somewhere in the U.S., we do believe that the iron generated at Mesabi Nugget is going to be at a lower cost structure than DRI.
Michael F. Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Given the concentrate feed?
Mark D. Millett: Given the concentrate coming out of the ground at -- whatever, $49, $50 a ton.
Operator: We'll go next to Timna Tanners at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to ask just on the lead times in the Flat Roll market in general. And how would you characterize, in addition, Sparrows restarting in the Midwest? We hear a lot about it here in the Northeast, but I was just wondering how disruptive you think it might be in the broader markets that you serve?
Mark D. Millett: I think with any additional capacity, even if it's not right on our doorstep, there is sort of a ripple-down effect. But correct me if I'm wrong, Dick, but we're not necessarily seeing any major impact here in the Midwest.
Richard P. Teets: No, I would tell you that even going back to last year, that their shutdown was actually at a very opportune time when the market was slightly softer due to seasonality and inventory control and end of the year issues. And then as we see the market improving and Flat Roll reentry, as well as some other capacities, I think it's fairly well timed. I honestly would tell you that I believe there's more chatter about that capacity than market impact. I mean, that's to be expected, but because it has a big nameplate capacity and it is, it's being realized at least not now.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then what -- how would you characterize lead times on the Flat Roll market and how much might they have changed over the last couple of weeks?
Richard P. Teets: Ultimately, since when the market took a slight dip at the end of December and then beginning of January, it's substantially improved and we're building our backlog and very comfortable with it. It gives us a lot of flexibility as far as scheduling and the value-added products that we actually specialize in are very solid and probably double in the backlog in duration.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Timna, we have maintained sort of our goal of 3 to 4 weeks of inventory. We -- even in great markets, will not delay much further than that. I would suggest though that the integrated mills, their lead times have stretched out with the increased automotive bill.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That makes sense. Okay, last question for me is on head-hardened rail. I know you've talked about it over time, maybe partnerships and ways to get into that market. Is there anything new to update us on or does that fit into your strategic plans for CapEx spending?
Richard P. Teets: You're correct from the aspect that we have monies that are being discussed for capital improvements in that arena. Some of them are internally generated. We're running trials and have had some great successes, although not ready to deliver a full-blown commercial product at this time, but it's a developmental process. But concurrently, the team in Columbia City has been having ongoing dialogue with some potential partners in that arena and we will continue to explore those.
Operator: We'll move next to Sohail Tharani at Goldman Sachs.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dick, staying on the rail, what do you think the standard rail market for you would be eventually? I mean, are you going from 117,000, I believe, to 130,000 tons in 2012? Do you think you have reached the limit where you think the market share you can gain or is there more opportunity there?
Richard P. Teets: Well, there is more opportunity there today and we believe there is developmental opportunity in the rail market for improved products. I guess to summarize things, we use terms head hardened and premium rail and sometimes interchangeably. For each customer, those are actually different definitions. There's different Vernell [ph] hardnesses that are required. Some are more achievable than others. And so included in that build rate I would tell you is not only an improved market share, but also some developmental opportunities.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And there has been an issue we have heard from in the past that the 260 or 240 for the land have been a less success than you had put in a cutting machine over there to cut it back in the 80 foot. I read somewhere recently that you had actually sold some longer length rails to, I believe, to the V&M facility in Youngstown, Ohio. So are you selling those longer length rails? Have you seen more penetration versus what we heard like last quarter from you guys?
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that we continue to expand both our welded rail, which is extremely long sections. It's a 1,660 feet or so, depending upon what the customers order. That's been expanding, as well as the shorter-length rail, 240-foot lengths that we produce in and we do have a plan to go to 320 feet but we're not ready to execute that. Those are only really for internal use in our welding lines because there's nobody else that really has the capacity or capability to take anything longer than 80 feet into their welding facilities located around the country. So it makes almost no sense to make them long, cut them short and weld them long again. Hence, we're out selling our welded rail applications to as many people as possible.
Sohail Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. One last question on -- Mark, you made a comment about New Millennium that New Millennium is providing a good baseload for Roanoke. I was just wondering, we have this issue with another mini-mill that the downstream business is under tremendous pressure because prices move up, but it does provide a baseload to the upstream of the mill business. And I was wondering if -- I don't want to use the word subsidized, but is that the case here also that you have to take some losses in the fabrication to run the Roanoke and others at a better utilization rate?
Mark D. Millett: Gary will expand on that, but, no, we don't believe in one platform subsidizing another platform style.
Gary Heasley: That's right. We've got a great working relationship with the folks at Roanoke. And between Roanoke and New Millennium it's been, I think both have done better working through tough markets by working together. But when you look at New Millennium specifically, if we were just running the 3 plants that we had in place 5 years ago, 3 years ago, we would've been making money this year. The decision to invest in that business and its up market may not be intuitive and obvious but when you look at where the business is going, our backlogs are up 62% year-over-year, joists up 15% with that. We've had sequential improvements from October to November and November to December again in bookings. So the investments we've made in these new plants, now we have all 3 of the new plants started up. They've been completely reconfigured. We invested a lot of money in those plants this year. About $5.6 million of New Millennium's loss was actually caused by the construction cost, reconfiguration costs and startup costs in those new mills -- or those new plants. So this does really sound more of positioning New Millennium to be successful going forward than it having New Millennium sell a loss in order to subsidize or support the mill. Nonetheless, the vertical tie in with the mill has been a tremendous advantage I think for both.
Operator: We'll go next to John Tumazos at John Tumazos Very Independent Research.
John Charles Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: I want to follow up on a few of the earlier questions. And I know you emphasized twice already in the call, at least, that your emphasis is on growth. Could you elaborate on your attitude toward balance sheet risk? And just to take a couple of numerical ratios, your total assets divided by tangible equity is 6 divided by 1.1, where a common ratio for a manufacturing company might be 2:1 and your debt and other liabilities is about $2.4 billion, which is about twice your tangible equity of 1.1. And excuse me, I erase intangibles and goodwill. It doesn't matter if somebody buys David, Joseph or OmniSource near the top of the cycle and we don't use EBITDA ratios because we're not smart enough to figure out commodity prices reliably. So we like to look at the balance sheet. So could you talk about your attitude toward growth in the context of how far you would stretch your debt-to-tangible equity or assets-to-tangible equity ratios?
Mark D. Millett: John, I would suggest that we've been relatively prudent in the past and we will remain, I guess, conservative going forward and that there will be times when we stretch things when there's a very good strategic opportunity for ourselves. But I think we're approaching a capital structure today that we would like to maintain in the most part going forward.
Theresa E. Wagler: When you look at, I mean, I know you've suggested that you don't look at EBITDA. Unfortunately we do, as do most of our lenders. And what I would tell you is that we really want to stay under the 3x leverage through the cycle, so that's one of the things that we'll point to is what we're managing to. In addition to that, I know often in the past we talked about debt-to-equity ratios and where those were. I know you're talking about tangible assets as well and I understand why, but we definitely want to keep it so that our equity position is much greater than our debt position. And there'll be times when Mark suggested that we may need to get outside of those parameters for growth, but only if we know that there's the very reasonable ability to get back within those parameters very, very quickly.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Parr at KeyBanc.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I was, I guess, pleasantly surprised with the improvement in profitability in the fourth quarter and it looks like the source of that was on the long product side. And looking at the nice improvements sequentially in beams, just wondering if you could give a little color about where those beams ended up? I mean are they specific projects, was it service center restocking? I mean, could you give us some more color on that?
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you the vast majority -- they were not major projects that were being supplied as we have in the past. These were basically, I think, just rebuilding some of the inventories not to excessive levels, but we have a good price. We have a whatnot and maybe tested a little bit spread between imports and domestically supplied and therefore, I think there was a little bit stronger market at the end of the year on the beam side and we actually had cut back on rail to supply to that. And now we're going forward with our new rail finishing facility and we'll refocus in this quarter on expanding our rail quarter-over-quarter.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. The rail mix that you guys expect in 2012, could you give some color on how much of your shipments you expect to be Class 1 material?
Richard P. Teets: The vast majority is Class 1 already. And so we look at what the exact ratios are from last year. I guess I'd say that last year, about 15% of the total shipments was industrial quality and that's the low-to-quality product. That's just marketable and we are focused on reducing that. Much of that was not due to the -- I mean, we never sell an inferior grade of rail into the market. So what causes a product to become industrial grade are items like the stamping machine failed to imprint on the rail. And there's a requirement of that. And so therefore because of that aspect, nothing to do with quality or the geometric shape, it becomes an industrial. And we still have been working through -- because we again, only roll rail occasionally, we occasionally have these fits and starts and develop some industrial but our mission is to eliminate that at the category of products. And so we don't plan for that in our forecast.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All right, that's helpful. So actually I had one other question. Do you have a sense of what the mix is at Pittsboro between service center and OEM contracts?
Richard P. Teets: I actually don't. I mean, I don't get into that detail with them. I look at their backlog and the shipments and I never really looked at that.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Mark, the service center distributor outlook is around about 20%, if I'm not mistaken.
Richard P. Teets: There's a rule of thumb about that, but I don't know exactly what it would be, Mark.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, Mark, just one last thing. I don't know if you mentioned anything or if you did, I missed it. Will you be planning on updating quarterly guidance in March, just similar to how you've been doing it?
Mark D. Millett: Yes, we will continue to do that, Mark.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Luke Folta at Jefferies & Company.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick ones. We consistently hear, when we do our survey work in recycling space that because there's not a lot of flows -- incoming flows on the obsolete side, that recyclers are having to pay more to track material and that's had, in effect, compressed margins for recyclers on that side of the business. Since we've seen it pick up in flows here over the December-January time frame, I'm just wondering has that offered you any opportunity to reduce your buy prices and maybe get some of that margin back on the obsolete side?
Russ Rinn: Luke, this is Russ. I would say we continue to monitor the market. We're in the market everyday on the buy side and trying to monitor and read those flows as best we can. I don't know that I would say there's a huge opportunity. I think the market flow we saw, it started picking up late in the year and transferred over into January. A lot of it was a factor of pent-up demand or pent-up inventories that had been built up over November and December. So I think the flow side of it, while it was good, we also had what I would characterize as extremely mild weather, which allows those flows to continue. And if winter sets in, that's just going to shut them right back off again.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And would you think that longer term there would be an opportunity there that as economic activity picks up and flows increase, that you should be able to restore that metal spread? Or do you think that's kind of a stretch?
Russ Rinn: Well, I think the possibility there, I think again, there's an awful lot of factors that bear on it, whether it's the level of the export market, which Mark referenced in his remarks earlier, the mill utilization rates and so on. I mean all of those things, I think, are going to factor into the flows and we're going to stretch every dollar margin we can get, as we always do.
Mark D. Millett: I think in the Midwest, in the Midwest, we have a pretty strong position. Where we are somewhat frustrated is in the Southeast area. Again, they compete with the export market pretty dramatically. And as you've suggested and we suggested in the past, the additional shredder capacity, a lot of that was built in the Southeast arena. That is where margins, at least for us, are compressed the most. And again, we will -- we're going to work very, very hard here this year to expand them. Are they going to get back to where they where in 2006, 2007? Probably not. Not in the near term.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question, just got one for you, Dick. As it relates to the cost side, we're understanding that there's going to be some pretty significant increases in graphite electrode prices for next year. Can you give us a sense of what that magnitude might be and how do you expect that to impact your results?
Richard P. Teets: Well, we don't normally comment on it. I think it's in general that the electrode market is looking for improved pricing. But we have supply agreements in place with predetermined pricing that will languish through. I can remember when I was over Columbia City, we actually had a year's worth of electrodes on the ground during a good market because we were trying to anticipate things. And so I would tell you that it's only minimal. You won't even notice it in our financials, even from the steel side.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Now it's because -- mostly because you have excess inventory or because you have a multi-year agreement?
Richard P. Teets: I think those are mitigating factors. And needless to say, just like in the steel side, people have announced price increases and then you have to wait and see. And there is actually quite a bit of import opportunities that keep a lid on that. And so we'll have to see where it goes. I'm going to try to validate a price increase. Our goal is to maintain our costs and improve them.
Mark D. Millett: And it think over the years, the team -- and to be honest, I've been the head of the steel side a little bit and don't know the granular detail, but if you look at our electrode consumption, it's around 3,000 ton a dollar during the quarter. Again as Dick said, it's not going to be a material change to us.
Operator: We'll go next to Aldo Mazzaferro at Macquarie.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: This might be a question for Russ, kind of a high-level view of the scrap business. First, I heard your comments on how the flows are not helping you and the procurement expense is high. Going forward, assuming that those factors stay in place, are you able to derive a benefit of owning the scrap company by possibly transferring scrap into the steel mill at a more reasonable price? Or is there some level of contribution that we might be missing by just looking at the operating income of the division?
Russ Rinn: I think as Mark talked about earlier, again, there's no subsidies on either side of the equation. It's a market this year that the -- as the markets flow, so flows the cost of scrap to our own facilities. I think the one advantage that I think we do bring to our steelmaking opportunities is we do have a pretty extensive network of yards and facilities that we are able to secure the flow and make sure we've got the flow when we need it. And our objective, as always, as we said earlier is to do that at the best economical cost for our own OmniSource location, but also to make sure we're doing things that are necessary for the entire SDI corporation as far as making sure we've got low-cost metallics going into our plants.
Mark D. Millett: [indiscernible] as far as into the market and if you were to compare our inventories with OmniSource and prior, we have contracted inventory substantially with the -- and associated with that kind of working capital.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Great. And then, Mark, one other high-level question. This might be kind of really high level, but your plans to do the southern mill are on hold. There's also some talk in the market about possibly Thyssen thinking about selling its division down there in Alabama. Would that be something you might consider as kind of a buy and then build front-end strategy?
Mark D. Millett: Well, any opportunity we look at would be based on valuation and we wouldn't buy any opportunity that we would feel to be overpriced. And given what they've put into that facility, I can't see that being an attractive valuation for us.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: I guess you'd have to assume that they're not going to get what they put into it, I guess.
Mark D. Millett: Even if they get 10 cents on the dollar, they wouldn't.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Okay. All right. The bidding starts, I guess?
Mark D. Millett: Just joking. But going back to the scrap question also, the one big benefit that you do have when you have that -- the secure supply scrap that Russ suggested, it gives you a big leverage when you're out there negotiating for other tons.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Great. Other tons of scraps, you mean?
Mark D. Millett: Yes. When you negotiate having a baseload allows you, as I think you recognize, scrap doesnt sell at a specific number; it sells through a range. And it allows us to selectively pick off perhaps scrap at the lower end of that range and give us some financial benefit that way.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro - Macquarie Research: Do you think that's a sector that needs consolidation further?
Mark D. Millett: It certainly remains a very fragmented market. You still have a lot of small entities out there, Aldo. One has to be careful that the consolidation may help you on the one hand, but it's very, very easy for people to get into that business. The price of entry to set up a small corner yard is very, very low. So a lot of days, you need to be careful as to where you actually want to go.
Operator: We'll go next to Dave Martin at Deutsche Bank.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a couple of remaining follow-ups, if I may, the first being on Iron Dynamics. Just thinking about the first quarter, should we expect an EBIT gain and/or benefit of approximately $10 million from that operation?
Mark D. Millett: Off the top of my head, I can't -- I would want to give you an actual figure, but obviously it's going to be improved. It depends to some degree on what the pig iron price does. It's going to be, as I said earlier, it's 485 NOLA today. That's lower than it was in the second and third quarters of last year. So there's going to be improvement. Whether it's a full $10 million or not, I don't know.
David S. Martin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then secondly, just had a follow-up on SBQ. I think you had said that your lead times for that product were into the second quarter. Going back to your comments on your last call, I think you also stated that your lead times were into the second quarter of 2012 at that time. So I'm wondering if I should interpret that to mean that your lead times have come up a bit.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that those are both accurate statements and it's not a concern of ours because it was such a robust -- and some of it being psychological, people were trying to make reservations that early and hence, we were accepting those commitments. We have only seen an improvement from our customers from last year to the projections for this year and it's not a concern that we claim that they were in the second quarter and not in the third quarter. And we really are expecting improved opportunities in 2012 over 2011.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Tim Hayes at Davenport & Company.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Mark, you have an expectation of shipment growth for steel ops for 2012 and if so, if you could put a number on that. Is it low single-digit, high single-digit?
Mark D. Millett: Again, we remain optimistic across all our markets, Tim. And we are projecting some growth, but I wouldn't necessarily want to put a number on it right this second.
Timothy P. Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair enough. Then I'm jumping the gun a little bit on the mid-quarter update but last year's EPS of $0.46 in Q1, pretty strong comp. Any chance that you hit that or how far below might we be?
Mark D. Millett: As we said earlier, we'll come out mid-March to May.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional remarks.
Mark D. Millett: Well thank you, everyone. I just would like to thank you, each and every one of you for your support and also our customers that might be listening in. And then finally, a huge thank you to each and every one of our employees. You guys are doing a phenomenal job. Be safe out there and hope to see you soon. Thank you, all.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith E. Busse - Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Iron Dynamics Inc, President of Iron Dynamics Inc and Director of Iron Dynamics Inc Theresa E. Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard P. Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, Executive Director, President of Steel Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Mark D. Millett - Co-Founder, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources, Executive Director, President of OmniSource Corporation, Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation and Director of Iron Dynamics Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations Russell Rinn - 
Analysts: Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Dynamics; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics; Fred Warner, Investors -- Investor Relations Manager.  For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Thank you, and good morning. We'd also like to introduce Russell Rinn, who is Executive Vice President and President of OmniSource, who's with us here today.  Welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The call is being webcast live, October 18, 2011, from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you'll be able to replay the call from our website or download the call to listen to a podcast. During today's call, our management will be making some statements that are forward looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical facts, are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions; governmental, monetary and fiscal policy; industrial production levels; changes in market supply and demand for our products; foreign imports; conditions in the credit markets; price and availability of scrap and other raw materials; equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. We now open today's call with an introductory statement by SDI's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith E. Busse: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us this morning. I think the first thing I'd like to do is have you -- have all of us congratulate Mark Millett on his new role, upcoming role, as the President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, of Steel Dynamics. So, Mark, congratulations to you. I think the Board collectively, which includes Dick and I, have acted wisely in choosing you. You're going to do a great job in leading the company.  For those of you who have known me and talked to me over the years at great length about, "Gee, Keith, why are you retiring?" You probably heard me refer to my retirement on many, many occasions. A lot of people have asked, "When are you going to retire?" And I said, "In the near future," and never really defined the "near future." I really in my head have kind of decided 2010 was that time when I probably would have liked to have stepped out. But what got in the way of that was this gigantic recession that the nation has and continues to have on its hands affecting our economy and, certainly, it affected many, many companies throughout the country, some of which went bankrupt in the process. And I had a number of directors ask me to think about staying a little longer, provide my guiding hand during those troubled times, and I did. But I'm 68 years old, and as most of you know, we've had a succession-planning exercise underway for, I guess, probably darn near 1.5 years. And that exercise not only dealt with my future replacement but dealt with subject material for, let's say, generations to come. We looked at leadership roles and the capabilities of many of our young managers, and I think we identified future talent and capability in the company, which, given the right opportunities in time, will serve the company very, very well.  So actually, I'm looking forward to it. I, as many of you know, have invested in a lot of little businesses over the last few years because I've watched too many people retire and just kind of wilt away, their health goes to pot, what have you, but I intend to remain active, not only in Steel Dynamics, but I'm involved, as many of you know, with Tower Bank and creating a new home building company called 21st Century Homes and involved with a series of automotive dealerships wherein I'm a significant shareholder, owner, et cetera. And recently, I acquired a new business called Freedom Marks [ph]. So I'm going to be a busy guy. And Mark assures me that I'll be back to the corporate office more than I can probably imagine and helping the team with strategic planning, investor relations and things of that nature, financing activities, as we move forward. But my role is going to change to that of Board Chair. And Mark will lead the company in every facet. As most of you know, recently, Mark's position as President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource, that opening was recently filled by Russ Rinn, who's with us today. And Russ has done -- I think he's done a wonderful job in a very short period of time with his team. He's fit in very, very well from a cultural perspective and demonstrated that he's every bit of the capable leader we knew he was. Certainly, we got to know him through the SMA. And so I think the company has some great leadership in place with Russ and Dick Teets and Gary Heasley and Theresa supporting Mark, and it's going to be a fairly seamless transition, if you will. Certainly, we would be happy to answer any questions you might have when you get into the Q&A.  As to the outlook -- or as to the results for the third quarter, we earned $43 million, $0.19 per share on net sales of about $2 billion. As I have said earlier to many people, you're going to find some noise in this quarter, and we tried to quantify that noise for you and break it out. By example, the collapse of copper very late in the month of September could not have been contemplated when putting together our earnings forecast some 6 or 8 weeks ago or whenever it was. And so that -- we couldn't have known that at that time or 2 months ago. That came as kind of a shock and a surprise, and that has a bottom line after-tax value of about $0.02 a share.  We also had some noncash expenses of approximately $3.3 million, which had to do with the equipment impairment. And we also had financing fees associated with the prior revolving credit facility. That noise was worth about $0.01. And as you can see in the press release, we rewarded all of our employees of the company that are nonunion with a $1,000 cash bonus, well-deserved cash bonus in very difficult economic times, one of the finest steelmaking teams in the world today. And we were proud to be able to surprise them with that cash bonus, reward them. And I can tell you the response was unbelievable, overwhelming, the number of emails where people so thankful and so grateful they work for a company like Steel Dynamics.  Back to results, though. All of that added up, if you look at the noise, it's about $0.05 worth of noise. We thought we could've exceeded our $0.22 forecast but did not. Steel came in in the range of $0.18 to $0.22 with a $0.19 performance. On the whole, not bad in a market that was kind of slipping, if you would, especially in the flat-rolled end of our business.  If you annualize our net sales, I might point out that, that's going to -- on an annualized basis, get the company back near the $8 billion it was at during the 2008 timeframe, but yet sadly not back to the level of earnings it was enjoying, or could enjoy, to go beyond the 2008 level of earnings, but would point out that our earnings on approximate -- on approximation are going to be double that in 2011 that they were in 2010. So making progress on the bottom line with earnings being almost twice what they were in the prior year.  When you look at our steelmaking capacity, we used to always announce that it was about 7 million tons, which included about 1 million tons of capacity after-tax. I think with all the improvements that the team has put into place over the years, if you recalculated that, it will probably come out closer to 7.5 million tons, yet we still don't operate in a market that allows us to be at that level because this year we'll probably be at the close to 6 million tons shipping level. So steel being impacted by a very weak economy with a GDP that fluctuates in the 1.5 to 2.5 range, no consistency in terms of growth you got on the horizon. And that's what I think all of us are looking for: consistent GDP growth as we move forward.  We did put our project, as you know, Black Beauty is the name of it, on hold. And certainly, it's a project that is not canceled in any way, shape or form. The team is I think 100% behind that project, as is the Board. But the timing is just not right to exercise or launch that effort at this moment in time when the industry is running at 80% of its capability.  You also notice in the quarter that the average selling price dropped by about $50 a ton. The market did back up. And you'll notice also that our ferrous scrap cost actually increased $5. So one might say that we're in a margin squeeze. In our press release, if you look down to about the fifth paragraph where it talks about operating income for the company's steel operations, which was $139 million or $96 a ton, still not a bad operating profit and a pretty dismal comment, it's an increase of $51 million or $28 a ton compared to the third quarter of 2010. But I think the most important measurement always is comparing your result for the prior quarter, which would show you a $57 per ton decrease in operating income. So when you -- it's not a direct link, but you can look at that decrease in price up above at $50 and the increase in scrap costs and you get into, let's say, the general vicinity.  I would also like to point out that fare [ph] shipments would -- are probably going to annualize at somewhere close, probably a little short, but somewhere close to about 6 million tons. So volume -- and their capability, like steel's capability, is now well beyond 7 million tons, maybe even approaching 8 million tons, nowhere near their potential, but gaining on it, if you will, during difficult times.  I think we talked a lot about in the press release our flat-rolled earnings being the driver for a weaker quarter and certainly it was with average flat-roll prices being down $95 a ton in the third quarter.  Orders -- order entry has been spotty. It -- we've said consistent. It sort of is and isn't. We seem to go 2 or 3 weeks short of our capability. We have sales of 2 or 3 weeks long of our capability and averaging out, but our backlogs, I would point out, are still short. We -- from the perspective of backlogs, flat-rolled is -- we really only have I think 2 or 3 weeks in front of us right now.  When you look at merchant shapes, we're in a lot better shape in small bars and in great shape in SBQ bars having a backlog that goes out into the second quarter yet of 2012. And still West Virginia's operating rate remains very, very high. They're doing a really good job down there with that little specialty steel products division.  Also, I'd like to point out that this is the first time in a long time that our structural capacity got up to 50% -- or I should say Structural and Rail combined. Not much joy in Mudville, in that we have a capability of a 1.8 million tons and are operating closer to the 900,000-ton mark, but it is an improvement. Also, we noted that rail shipments were 31,000 tons, which annualizes to about 125,000 tons.  So the -- when you look at the fabrication division, you should note that the third quarter operating losses came down to 250,000 tons or narrowed to that level from -- as compared to 500,000 tons in the third quarter of -- dollars, I mean. I'm sorry, dollars -- compared to $500,000 in the third quarter of 2010 and $1.6 million loss in 2011.  I've already talked a little bit about the collapse of the copper market, which had -- which did give us somewhat of an impact on our recycling earnings. I'm not going to really go through Mesabi Nugget in great detail because I asked Mark to prepare a more lengthy, if you will, explanation of where we are and where we're going to be shortly. He'll give you a total overview of Mesabi Nugget combined with the mining activity. So we're going to save that for Mark.  I -- you'll also note that we redid our revolver in this quarter and expanded it to $1.1 billion facility and subject to certain conditions, we have the opportunity to actually upsize that. So we have a new revolver in place at more attractive pricing than the old revolver, and the company continues to -- and I might say our balance sheet -- let me just say our balance sheet is in absolutely terrific shape. When you look at debt to equity, it's 50-50, 50% equity, 50% long-term debt. But it's in as good a shape as it's been in for a long time. An interesting exercise, a lot of people look at converts, convertibles, notes as equity. If you took the converts and added it to equity, subtracted it from long-term debt and subtracted cash from the remaining debt, we're in a position of about 39% debt and 61% equity. And it's an interesting little exercise to go through, the relevant point being the balance sheet is really very, very strong. I should suspect we'll be near $500 million of cash on our balance sheet by the end of the year. We're already in that general vicinity, but might not quite reach that level, but somewhere in that neighborhood anyway. And I think we ended the third quarter at $456 million. It should be a little bit greater than that, but maybe a little bit short of $500 million. Should have good earnings next year.  Are looking at the matter, which we care to deal with, the outstanding revolver that comes due in 2012. We certainly have a lot of options open to the company, and we're exploring all of them at this point in time. But, obviously, we're in pretty good shape from a cash and liquidity perspective at this point in time.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and into next year, I would tell you that we said we're going to provide more definitive guidance as we always do as the quarter goes along, and we will, but I suspect that the quarter is going to not be a lot different than this quarter. It's not going to be marginally different one way or another or materially different in my humble opinion at this point in time. So we'll give you updates on that as we travel throughout the quarter.  I think pricing, as is relative to this cycle, is probably nearing another bottom. It backed up a little. I don't see anything on the horizon that tells me that it's going to significantly move forward in the near term, at least as we examine flat-rolled. The other products will kind of transition with the cost of resources. Flat-rolled operates a little bit more independently, but I think the flat-rolled earnings are probably going to be in the same ballpark, maybe a little bit more than they were in the third quarter, generally speaking. So, have more to say about that as we go forward.  Unless we really solve some of the political crises that I think are keeping the nation from moving forward in a positive way, and I think the nation can move forward and provide a better economic climate that exists today, but until we get the politics out of the way, I would guess that 2012 is going to be a fairly lackluster year. We're probably going to have some progress made during that year, but it's not going to be substantial, it's not going to get us back to '08 earnings, although I suspect our volume will be as good as it is this year and hopefully a little bit better.  With that, I will conclude my remarks now and turn it over to Mr. Millet.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everybody. Keith touched on the -- gave us a synopsis on the general steel markets. I'd just like to add a little color to the recycling world, and it's somewhat surprising that the ferrous scrap markets remained truly surprisingly stable as compared to other commodities through the quarter. That being said, general scrap market eased in October, as you know. Absolute scraps came down $10, $15 a ton, while the tighter supply of industrial scraps supporting the prime grades, and they only came up around about $5 per ton.  Steel mill inventories remain very tight, and purchases are being made against anticipated production schedules. Export market is soft. Offers are being made around $20 a ton, below domestic pricing today. The strengthening of the dollar against the euro has made European scrap much more attractive to Turkey and Asia, and thus, the principal export markets are staying on the sidelines, at least for the time being.  This will pressure domestic scrap prices going forward, but the upcoming winter we believe will constrict absolute flow. Excess shredded capacity is keeping the price of shredded piece stock high, and both dealers and yards will start accumulating inventory in the months ahead in anticipation of the market -- or up market earlier next year. So in balance, it is likely that scrap pricing will not see any dramatic move, unless there is an appreciable change in steel mill utilization. Turning to Iron Dynamics. The team continued to perform well, shipped 61,000 metric tons of liquid pig iron and HBI through the quarter and provided an operating income of about $10.1 million. The plant has been operating at an impressive 90% availability, with only 4% of lost time being unscheduled. Truly a remarkable feat when you consider that the process is kind of a self-consuming musical [ph]. Planned annual shutdown is scheduled to start this week to realign the submerged arc furnace refractory after over 2 full years of service. And for those that have been with us, following us for many years, it's a far cry from the lightning light of 2 months that we experienced in the early days of this pioneering. Shutdown is expected to take 3 weeks, and we'll allow a total shipment of liquid pig iron and HBI to about 50,000 metric tons for the quarter. Combination of reduced volume, margin compression associated with higher input costs, mill scale has ticked up from about $50 per ton input price to $60 per ton. And also "higher than typical" repair and maintenance costs will reduce the financial contribution to approximately $2 million, $3 million a quarter. As Keith suggested, given there have been many questions of late concerning Mesabi Nugget, we wanted to share a little more color than in the past, tell you where we are and where we hope to be in the future. Q3 production from Mesabi Nugget totaled 33,400 metric tons, somewhat lower than the 38,500 tons that we produced in Q2. The lower volume resulted from a planned 3-week shutdown taken in September to repair furnace refractory and to install redundant equipment systems for improved operational availability. It appears the substantial amount of work completed by the team from the shutdown has had a very positive effect on plant availability thus far. Since starting up, on October 7, some 10, 11 days ago, plant availability has been 91%, with the operation running at 35 metric tons per hour in Mesabi Nugget. Last week, they recorded a weekly production of 6,350 metric tons of shippable product, effectively a 27,500 metric ton monthly rate or 70% of intended capacity.  But the evidence that an input rate, a defined input rate of 90 metric tons of dry bores an hour against a planned capacity of 120 metric tons per hour. And just yesterday, we inched that up to 100 tons per hour, so we will, over the next few weeks, increase that toward our planned capacity.  Obviously, one week does not make a year and much work has yet to be done to gain consistency, but again, it's given us a high level of confidence.  The average nugget transfer price to SDI for Q3 was $506 per metric ton based on pig iron market pricing less the mill discount. That resulted in a net pre-tax loss of $13 million for the quarter or $8 million after tax, somewhat similar to Q2.  Current financial expectations for Q4 suggest a similar financial result as Q3, the benefit of anticipated increase to 68,000 metric tons of shipments where we believe will largely be offset by a margin squeeze from higher iron concentrate input costs and an assumed $15 reduction in transfer costs associated with the softening pig iron market. Obviously, securing our own capital and supply of attractively priced iron concentrate is critical. Progress is being made on this mine permit. The permit receipt is still not expected before the end of 2012 or perhaps early in 2013.  We have, however, as we have shown in the press, consummated a partnership agreement with Magnetation to form a company called Mining Resources that will build a facility to recover iron concentrate from tailings basins on the range. Process developed by Magnetation has been operating successfully and has been supplying Mesabi Nugget for some time. Partnership is 80% SDI, 20% Magnetation. Permitting and engineering work on the $50 million facility has been initiated and certainly some timely receipts of permits should commence operation in Q3 2012, about a year from now, still under a year from now.  The plant will be designed to produce 1 million metric tons per year, our share being 800,000 tons, being sufficient to meet the full needs of Mesabi Nugget at full utilization. Recovery of iron concentrate from tailings is defined as scram mining and allows for a simpler environmental permitting process. The permit is currently open for public comment that ends this Friday, and I hope to start construction by late November.
Keith E. Busse: Mark, there have been a -- I want to jump in here. There've been a number of individuals that have said, "What's the difference between what you're doing at Magnetation and what AK is doing?" And they've asked us, are we subordinate to the AK-Magnetation joint venture, are they subordinate to ours, are they independent? Can you speak to that, and provide some clarity to that, please?
Mark D. Millett: Certainly. The -- our mining resources effort is a partnership directly with Magnetation, Inc. The AK partnership is with -- is a separate entity called Magnetation LLC. That's a little bit -- they're totally separate. We have -- we anticipate that Larry would have further future relationships up on the range to expand this capability. So we, in our agreement, have defined a line, which runs north and south through Hibbing, and we have all the reserves east, or have the capability of accessing all the reserves east of that north-south line of Magnetation. AK and others have the west. So we feel that we have sufficient reserves easily for 15 to 20 years of operation of tailings plus [indiscernible] our other sources. Reserves are intact, and we're separate, again, no relationship between AK and our own project. But nonetheless, the Magnetation mining resources will effectively bridge the company's own concentrated requirements till such time as our own mining operation is in production. Rather, given that mining resources will start up later in the year of 2012 and will provide only a limited amount of material during the year, Mesabi Nugget will rely mostly on its current lower-priced inventory and continued supply of market-price concentrate. Going forward, in the future, we will be commenting on the financial performance of the Minnesota operations on a combined basis, since the impact of SDI for these 3 projects, namely, Mesabi Nugget, Mesabi Mining and Mining Resources, are all intrinsically linked. Now assuming the Mesabi Nugget plant operates at 75% capacity next year, produce about 382,000 metric tons of shipments at an average transfer price of about $526 per metric ton, our expectations for 2012 were pre-tax $30 million loss on a combined basis as compared to the expected $50 million loss in 2011. This should yield a cash loss of approximately $15 million in 2012 as compared to approximately $35 million for 2011.  To just paint a picture looking forward, Mesabi Nugget operating at its designed production capacity of 500,000 metric tons, and our recent past experiences, we're still confident that we can achieve that in time, but that 500,000 metric tons with a captive concentrate costs of $50 per ton and iron -- pig iron market yielding a transfer price of $560 a ton -- per metric ton, we believe the combined Minnesota operations could be expected to yield a collective pretax net income of $40 million to $50 million a year. So hopefully, that kind of gives a lot of color of where we are and where we're going.
Keith E. Busse: That's a good job, Mark. You provided I think the right color, not only now, but into the foreseeable future. Thank you.
Mark D. Millett: So with that, I think we'll pass it on to Mr. Teets.
Richard P. Teets: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to share a few additional comments to what has been already stated either in the press release or comments from Keith and Mark.  In the steel operations, the Flat Roll division is experiencing solid demand for value-added products at both Butler and Jeffersonville. The weaker backlog that Keith referred to earlier is that of hot bands. I'm proud of the efforts of the engineering, maintenance and production personnel, along with the equipment suppliers and contractors, who stepped up big time to repair the finishing oven at our Jeffersonville paint line. On August 30, the paint line experienced solvent blast and caused considerable damage to both the oven and the ductwork and controls. No one was injured in the event. After a thorough investigation into the cause, the line was modified and reconfigured to operate on one curing oven to resume operations at a reduced rate beginning on October 1.  Concurrent with a single-oven operation, we're continuing to rebuild the finishing oven, and this work was completed this past Saturday, a full 2 weeks before the original anticipated completion. We're back up to full production and apologize to any of our customers, who may have been impacted by this event.  The total production in the third quarter was negatively impacted by 2 separate hot metal crane maintenance requirements. Because we needed to remove parts of the metal shop roof to allow for crane access to aid in the repairs, we had to curtail operations because our air permit won't allow for the potential fugitive emissions release. Each outage was coordinated to minimize production impact. No additional maintenance or outages were scheduled for either the Butler or Jeffersonville facilities during the fourth quarter.  In Pittsboro, The Techs have experienced a softening in their combined backlogs. As a result, the 3 teams will take their one-week annual maintenance outages in October and November. We will also take advantage of the production time available to run trials on alternative coatings to determine production capabilities to support expanded market developments.  At the Structural and Rail team -- division, the team also continues to develop nonparallel flange markets. In September, nearly 25% of the total shipments were rail, flume [ph], channels or in lead. Supporting these efforts is an expansion of the rail finishing facilities, which should be commissioned in November to remove a bottleneck limiting the production of short-rail lengths. We expect to ship approximately 120,000 tons of rail in 2011. And with this expansion, we plan to shoot for 180,000 tons in 2012.  In Pittsboro, the plant continues to exceed prior records, both the rolling mill and shipping departments at quarterly records. Congratulations to the total Pittsboro team. The SBQ backlog remains in good health well into the second quarter of 2012, as Keith mentioned. Projected needs from our customers indicate a modest growth in 2012 over 2011 levels. Maintenance outages will occur in both the melt shop and the rolling departments to perform routine maintenance, as well as to complete capital projects during this quarter.  The Roanoke Bar Division utilized 92% of the rated capacities in the third quarter. Our shipments for September were the best since July of 2008 in spite of continued weakness in many of their markets. At Steel of West Virginia, the core transportation market continued to be strong. Shipments have improved sharply over 2010, and our forecast to continue that trend, although slightly at a lower level, in 2012. To support these markets, this month, the team will be commissioning an additional truck trailer cross member robotic welding line. The plant will also be taking their annual 10-day maintenance outage in November. They're doing a great job in Huntington.  And finally, the steel operations is involved in the implementation of a company-wide computerized safety program that will allow -- or that will complement the efforts of all the divisions to strive for the 0 loss time accidents we seek. That's it from the steel operations.
Keith E. Busse: Thanks, Dick. Russ?
Russell Rinn: Thanks, Dick. Thank, Keith. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. OmniSource we -- our third quarter was something like the opening line of A Tale of 2 Cities. It was the best of times, worst of times, where on one hand we had ferrous volumes that were much better or lower ferrous volumes but much better ferrous margins versus our second quarter. And on the other hand, we had higher ferrous shipments -- nonferrous shipments but lower nonferrous margins versus second quarter. The end result was third quarter operating income of $11 million for OmniSource versus operating income of $18 million in our second quarter.  On the ferrous side, our team worked very hard to ship just under 1.5 million gross tons for the month -- or for the quarter, which is about 70,000 less than we shipped in the second quarter. 44% of that tonnage was shipped internally to our SDI mills. On the nonferrous side, our team pushed out 270 million pounds of nonferrous products out the door this quarter versus 255 million pounds in the second quarter.  On the margin side, very proud of the team in the ferrous side during -- despite lower shipping levels of about 5%, our ferrous operations were able to maintain an even operating profit level quarter-to-quarter, as the team kept their operating expenses at a relatively flat level while the selling prices, as noted earlier, in step slightly on ferrous materials.  On the nonferrous side, the big story here is all in the pricing arena, where in the third quarter copper prices dropped by 26%, nickel prices dropped by 25%, and aluminum prices fell by 14%. The vast majority of those drops all occurred in the final 2 weeks of September at the close of our quarter. And the resulting mark-to-market impact on our fixed forward contract -- purchase contracts, which do extend into 2012 resulted in noncash unrealized losses of $6 million in the final month of the quarter. On the operating side, teams continue to make very steady strides, very steady -- and good progress, on our shredding operations in particular, where we are upgrading our equipment, adding capacity, sorting capacity at most of the locations to increase our efficiencies, expand our product offerings and increase our downstream recoveries. Also, our retail expansion continues with excellent results.  On the copper side, in conjunction with the copper side, we are making excellent progress on the construction of our SDI and LaFarga copper rod mill project. It remains on schedule, and we expect to begin production at the new facility in late spring or early summer of 2012.  Overall, market conditions remain relatively uncertain for both ferrous and nonferrous operations, much like the global economy on which they so carefully depend. Ferrous levels remain decent with inventory levels at both our locations and at our customers' locations remain at generally low levels. Nonferrous levels have slowed, somewhat -- slowed somewhat as the market searches for a bottom on pricing. The export markets, as was noted earlier, remain somewhat active, although less so than the current time due to the currency situation, but I do believe they will wind up at record levels for the year.  Finally, we're entering into the winter, where flows generally get constricted due to whether, so we are doing all we can to make sure we maintain the flows to our customers and keep their -- keep them running as we have in the past. And that's it, Mark.
Keith E. Busse: Thank you, Russ. Gary?
Gary Heasley: Thanks, Keith. A couple of points on the market as a whole, not only is it the construction market obviously, has been challenging for a long time, but the Architectural Billings Index turned positive again in August after 4 consecutive months, and negative territory had been positive prior to that, so it's been volatile and it's good to see it back in positive territory.  Disruptive spending overall squeezed out a 0.9% improvement in August year-over-year, while nonresidential construction spending was up 0.1% overall. But the private nonresidential is up 7%, reflecting a shift that we've been seeing in recent months toward privately funded projects instead of the earlier concentration in public funded projects. While further non -- overall, nonresidential construction activity remains elusive, demand for joists continued to be up 15% year-over-year through August 31, and deck shipments were up 15% through June. So some good growth in the joist and deck demand.  New Millennium's backlogs are up 62% for joist and up 18% deck year-over-year, and that's on both the demand growth and better market penetration. Shipments were up 38%, and sales increased 54% year-over-year, so there has been some strong momentum as this business grows and we continue to reinvest in it. Now in the recent weeks we've seen quota activity slow a bit. However, we expect to see the fourth quarter demand levels at or above the levels we saw in the fourth quarter of '10.  In September, we commenced operations at our joint production facilities in Hope, Arkansas and Fallon, Nevada. The Arkansas-Nevada facilities were shuttered by a previous owner in mid-2010. We acquired them in October of '10. The plants have been reconfigured and modernized and will be significantly more efficient than they were prior to the acquisition. We are ramping these plants up with limited staffing to match market demand and grow our capacity by adding personnel when the backlogs of those plants support additional production. As a note, our operation in Juarez, Mexico, which was also acquired in October of '10, has been operating since November.  So overall, we expect to see demand continue to expand although at relatively slow paces, and we think that it will remain volatile. New Millennium now has 6 plants operating across the country and is positioned to take advantage of growth no matter which region it's in and to serve customers who do business nationwide. So it's a completely new position for New Millennium with 6 plants coast to coast. Keith?
Keith E. Busse: Thanks, Gary. Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Keith.
Keith E. Busse: Your comments about our balance sheet.
Theresa E. Wagler: In third quarter, our sales decreased $36 million. Our gross margin percentage decreased from 13% to 10% when compared to the second quarter of '11. This compression was the result of a 10% reduction in sequential quarter gross margin percentage of our flat-rolled operation, which was partially offset by further improved results at our long products division.  Other operating costs were generally consistent quarter-over-quarter. However, we would note, as Keith said earlier, that the third quarter included a little over $3 million in noncash charges, predominantly related to equipment impairment and a little less than $6 million related to our employee appreciation award. Excluding those items, our operating cost actually, as a percentage of sales, improved slightly.  Gross interest expense for the quarter was unchanged at $45.2 million, and our capitalized interest was $467,000. Our effective tax rate during the third quarter with controlling interest was 41% compared to 35.8% in the second quarter. The second quarter rate was uniquely low due to a reduction in our deferred tax rate. The third quarter rate was impacted by an increase in our annual effective rate, which caused a bit of a catch-up in the third quarter. Our expectations for the fourth quarter rate would be 39%.  Sales outstanding were basically unchanged in the quarter. At September 30, we had outstanding common stock of 218.7 million shares. Currently, our diluted share estimate for the fourth quarter of '11 is 236 million shares.  Cash flows from operations provided $222 million of funds during the quarter, an increase of $56 million over second quarter results. Operations have supported cash flows of $392 million during the year, more than double our year-to-date results for 2010.  Working capital reductions have provided cash flow to operations during the second and third quarter of '11 versus the draw because of the pickup in operations in the fourth quarter of '10 and the first quarter of '11.  During the third quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $38 million. Depreciation remained consistent at $44 million. Our current outlook regarding capital expenditures for the fourth quarter is in the range of $50 million to $55 million. And of that, $20 million is earmarked for our joint ventures both in the copper plant and the iron initiative in Minnesota. We'll provide 2012 capital investment forecast during our fourth quarter conference call.  We're very pleased with the execution of our new senior secured revolving credit facility, which closed in September. We had outstanding support from the banking community. And as a group, we were able to structure a facility that is larger, includes improved economics for the company and has more flexible terms and covenant.  Our facility increased from $924 million plus $100 million accordion to $1.1 billion plus a $400 million accordion. That's basically an increase of availability of $476 million. The new facility matures September 2016, is secured by receivables and inventory and is subject to the same quarterly borrowing base.  Pricing is linked to a much more favorable grid. At launch, we are at LIBOR plus 150 basis points, with an undrawn fee of 35 basis points. This is in comparison to our previous deal, which was priced at LIBOR plus 300 basis points with an undrawn fee of 50 basis points. Overall, this was an immediate 165-basis-point improvement. The new pricing grid has a minimum of LIBOR -- excuse me, a maximum of LIBOR plus 200 and a minimum of LIBOR plus 100.  We also achieved greater flexibility with our investment and restricted payment terms as well. The financial covenants are more flexible. We now have a net debt leverage covenant of 5x trailing EBITDA versus a total debt covenant in the previous agreement. The interest coverage has remained unchanged, and a liquidity requirement was added to address our $700 million senior notes maturing in November of 2012. The covenant requires us to have an additional $150 million plus the amount outstanding on the 2012 senior notes as available liquidity. For instance, at September 30, this would have been $150 million plus the $700 million or an $850 million requirement. In actuality, our liquidity at September 30 was at a record level. It was $1.5 billion, which includes cash deposits of $457 million. This is a $355 million quarter-over-quarter increase in company liquidity. We remain well within compliance of our financial covenants. Our ratio of total debt to trailing EBITDA improved from 2.9x -- excuse me, improved to 2.9x at the end of the quarter and our net debt EBITDA leverage 2.4x. Interest coverage is up 4.6x.  Regarding the 2012 senior notes maturity, we're in a somewhat enviable position of having numerous options. Having just successfully accessed the provider [ph] lending market with the ability to upsize a fairly aggressively priced deal, we believe we have opportunity for additional funds within this market in addition to our belief that we have access to capital market. We're constantly monitoring the market environment, and we'll take advantage as appropriate.  Lastly, for those of you who like to track our Flat Roll division shipment, during the third quarter, our shipments of hot rolled were 300,000 tons; our shipments of pickled and oiled were 100,000 tons; cold-rolled, 32,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized, 102,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized, 58,000 tons; painted products 83,000 tons; and finally, Galvalume of 26,000 tons. Keith?
Keith E. Busse: Thank you, Theresa. Dick, just to note again, congratulations to you and your team relative to getting that pig line up and running in 6 weeks. That's an amazing feat for something that was estimated to take us 3 months. So kudos to the team. It's that kind of spirit, that's the reason why we had the cash bonus we have. Our people continue to find ways to be more productive and find ways to cut costs on a continuing basis. We're tremendously proud of everyone that works for this corporation, and thus, the reason for the reward.  Catherine, I think it's time for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Kuni Chen with CRT Capital.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I guess, just first off on my questions here. I mean if we look back to last year at November this time, there's a big surge in raw material prices and, certainly, we saw a pickup in order entry and then followed by higher steel pricing. Obviously, this year macroenvironment is one thing, and we're certainly on shaky ground right now. But when you look at OmniSource and The Techs and what's going on in flat-rolleds primarily, what do you see as the key differences this year versus last year? And do you think we could go through a similar surge as we head into 2012?
Keith E. Busse: I think demand has largely unchanged. We seem to be -- I mean, it's a little brighter than perhaps what it was a year ago, but not materially better. We seem to be locked into a cycle of strength late in the year, strength early in the year, followed by late second quarter weaknesses, which tend to drag you through the doldrums in the summer with activity usually picking up in the October time frame, November time frame, December time frame. And I don't see that that's going to change. I talked to a number of individuals the other day that told me they believe that they're going to be back to the market here buying. They thought that the bottoms were dying at hand, their inventories were low. With regard to raw materials, it's -- the bucks has remained stable, up a couple bucks, down a couple bucks kind of thing. I think there's -- I've heard some chatter out there that, possibility that -- I'm not trying to promote it, but conversations I've had that we could be down $20 in November. We may even be down nothing. I don't know. That's kind of -- hard to predict that market, where it's going today. But I think it's not going to surge in any material effect, in any material way, shape or form. Thus, any price momentum that we have could be realized on the bottom line, but I don't see the catalyst at this moment for that pricing momentum. Mark, comments for you?
Mark D. Millett: No, I see the same way. I think there seems to be just a general malaise out there, a fear on everyone's part from spending anything from a CapEx standpoint or from any sort of inventory build. Probably, it's just going to be so-so for the next 2 or 3 months.
Kuni M. Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then just one quick follow-up, if I may. You've been getting this question the past couple of quarters, but if you could just update us on what some of the new flat-rolled entrants have been up to, are they being disruptive in the markets? If you could just give us some color around that, please.
Keith E. Busse: Dick, we're going to let you dive in on that one.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I would just say that they are, I think, executing their plans, as been publicly stated, and the market has been absorbing it. There's been a slow steady increase in the demand, which is absorbing much of that capacity. I don't see anything very disruptive, and everyone is dealing with it, so not much more I can say.
Keith E. Busse: [indiscernible] the same way. I think what slight improvement in demand we've had has played a major role in absorbing some of that new capacity. Every now and then, you hear about some wild export deal and a wild number, but generally speaking, I think pricing is, as I said, backed up but kind of hit a new bottom. It's kind of steady right now. But I don't know what the catalyst is going to be to drive it forward is the problem.
Operator: And we will continue on to Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess my first question is kind of a bit of a follow-up to Kuni's question. You started first saying that we've kind of hit a bottom in pricing. It seems to be a little bit stable. And then Mark's outlook with respect to scrap was kind of stable as well too. Do we -- do you think that we're relinking scrap to kind of hot-rolled fundamentals right now? Or is it just unique that both of them are kind of the same in your outlook on a go-forward basis or at least for the next quarter?
Keith E. Busse: I don't think scrap has really been all that linked to flat-rolled. Flat-rolled backed up sharply, as you can see, and scrap didn't back up at all. So there was -- wasn't a lot of linkage there. There still certainly is linkage in the Bar Product side of our world, a very direct linkage, but the movement sometimes have been so small that the producers have not chosen to even modify the current price that exists in the market one direction or the other. But I would tell you, certainly, they're still linked on that side of the street. On the flat-rolled side of the street, like I said, prices went down sharply, and resource cost did not follow it. Prices have rebounded somewhat, and resource costs have remained fairly steady. So I don't know that there is -- is it linked to some degree? Of course. Because that signals the level of real demand that's out there in time. And when real demand triggers, price of resources are going down or when real demand surges -- materially surges, price of resources will go up. So there is that kind of linkage, but given the movements we've seen recently, I would tell you rather unlinked.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just thinking for a minute, it's unlinked, but the fact that you're sort of thinking them in the same direction for the next quarter so, it's nothing to do with the relinking. They remain on different fundamental tracks basically.
Keith E. Busse: I don't think they're going anywhere. I'd like to tell you price is going to go up $50, $60 a ton. But like I said, I'm not sure what the catalyst is going to be for that at this point in time. Obviously, unemployment coming down, GDP growth going to 3% and remaining steady would certainly be that kind of a catalyst. You're cleaning up some of their problems, us untying the political knot that exists out there, the games that are played. We have a lot of -- we've had a lot of dialogue over time about currency. And the linkage of the dollar to the yuan and the manipulation that's existed there. And I think, we always end up, how things gets [ph] in the way, we want to tie legislation to some other piece of irrelevant legislation, but the Senate was willing to act. And I know a lot of freshmen House members, who would like to act too. But we've got some leadership in the House that's I think blocking movement in that regard, and I think it's pure politics. Because when you look at the reality of the situation, a movement on currency taking a stand against China in a meaningful way I think would materially drive in time, wouldn't be immediate, but in time, would materially drive GDP growth in this country and jobs in this country. But we're playing politics with them right now. So we've got some roadblocks out there politically that's kind of frozen the economy. I mean, it's surprising to me that it is growing to the extent that it is given the kind of stalemate that exists on the hill.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up question, if I may, with respect to the operations. It was said earlier in the call that if you exclude the onetime and lumpy items that the operations would have exceeded kind of your pre-guide. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of color with respect to cost in particular excluding scrap and the onetime employee bonus? Are there any other moving items on the cost curve that we should be aware of outside of the labor bonus?
Theresa E. Wagler: No. Besides the items that we mentioned that were unique in the quarter, that's all.
Keith E. Busse: Yes. And my thoughts that the quarter is going to be a look-alike are certainly very premature, but it's not going to materially change one direction or another. That's just an opinion at this point in time rather than a studied fact. We've looked at it, modeled it early on. But when you have backlogs that only go out 2 or 3 weeks, you really have a very limited opportunity to give a conclusive opinion in that regard.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michelle Applebaum with SMI.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Keith, what was the original -- remember the original investment when you started the company?
Keith E. Busse: The original investment of equity into the company?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: The total investment, the total financing.
Keith E. Busse: Oh, the 3 of us? $71,000.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Yes. I mean, the total investment including the -- I'm sorry?
Keith E. Busse: I think it was $71,000 or something like that. $91,000...
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: No, I meant -- I mean, the total capitalization once you guys got started when you brought everyone in.
Keith E. Busse: The capitalization was about $100 million. $90 million -- there was 4 partners at $20 million and with me at $10 million. I think it was about $90 million, somewhere in that area.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay. And how long from when you broke ground to when you became profitable?
Keith E. Busse: Well, broke ground. We broke ground and started running the mill in about 14 months, which I think was a new world record for a capital project of that magnitude. And from January of 1996, when we started producing, we believe we became profitable sometime in mid-June, if you can figure it out on a detailed basis. We're definitely profitable in July. We lost money in May and lost a lot less. So somewhere in June of 1996 we turned to profit.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Anyway, it's an amazing story, and I've been there almost from the beginning, so it's been exciting, and watching you guys and the legacy that you bring to the company. And what you've accomplished here from a cornfield to 7 million tons is just -- given the value destruction that I've witnessed in 30 years in this industry, which you guys have accomplished here, don't ever lose sight of that. It's amazing, and it's also made my job so much more fun, so thank you for all the years.
Keith E. Busse: I think we've been a fairly transparent group in terms of providing information to you and others. We're not guarded about things as some are, but we've got a great team. I'll tell you the succession planning exercise yielded a lot of knowledge about the future capable leadership of the company that's below my level, Mark's level and Dick's level. It was a good exercise. And certainly, I believe this is going to be a seamless transition. Dick and Mark and I have -- we're original partners on this. And Dick, as you know, is staying. He's not going anywhere, a little bit younger than I am, and I actually am looking forward to my involvement with the company but with fewer hours. A lot of people probably retire and have real regrets about retiring, but I don't see it as retiring. This is my family. These are my partners, and I will never view it as that, and happy to continue to provide consulting services and board services to the company. So it's been a great adventure in life, and I have nothing but high regard for the new structure that we put in place. Company's in incredibly capable hands.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: It's so unusual to see visionaries, people build companies the way you guys did, and at the same time for you to be able to transition. It's really the ultimate win-lose, winning at your end game here, the way you're transitioning here. So anyway, I want to ask you a more difficult question now that I've said nice things. So in your third quarter guide, which was on the 12th of September -- Nate [ph] actually pointed out to me, I had missed this, that you had a little qualified blurb in there. You said the company believes there's more economic clarity developed through the remainder of the year. Demand could be expected to increase along with pricing margins, which have already started to move, with the potential to positively impact fourth quarter results given the low levels of existing inventory throughout the supply chain. So that was only -- that was September 12.
Keith E. Busse: That was only 5 weeks ago, you're right.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: I know. I know. And it's -- obviously, it's reflective of the environment that 5 weeks later you can't say that anymore.
Keith E. Busse: Well, you're right. It was a...
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Could you push that out a little bit or...
Keith E. Busse: Yes. The backlogs are so darn short and a material component of our business that it is tough to forecast. But at that point in time, we had 3 bid weeks of order entry where the price was moving up. And after 3 big weeks of order entry, guess what, we had 3 small weeks of order entry, and everybody was out there discounting again and prices were moving south. So the momentum we all felt disappeared almost overnight, which is a frustrating environment to be in, but that's nonetheless it's the real world in which we live, and we react to it and move forward. One thing this company is capable of doing is turning on a dime, reacting very quickly to both positive and negative forces that influence us. And -- but you have -- the world changed in a short period of time again. I will give you that.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay. Yes. Well -- okay. Do you think...
Keith E. Busse: A lot of that were Europe-related. I mean, there were all kinds of things going on in the markets. The markets were collapsing, and everybody took a look at their investment portfolio at the end of September, although they might have had a smiley face in July or August, all of a sudden, they had a gigantic frown. People walked in my office and said, "Jeez, I had $120,000 there, and now I've only got $78,000." I mean, total -- it depends on what you've invested in, of course. But I mean, it got ugly there for a while.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy: What makes you feel secure that hot-rolled prices don't drop another $100 a ton in the near term? There's been some sort of banning about a slowing in China. What sort of gives you an anchor to the downside on hot-rolled?
Keith E. Busse: Well, I can't tell you with any great certainty, Brett, given what we -- the discussion we just had with Michelle on how fastly the world changed that it won't. But I would be willing to bet a lot of money that if we have that kind of material collapse, the resources are going to follow it this time, and I don't think margins are going to be -- they'll be impacted, of course, but I don't think dramatically impacted.
Brett Levy: And then one for Theresa, and then I'll pass the baton. You guys have got a phenomenal new revolver, quite a bit of cash. Right now, you're sort of running a negative spread between your cash and your 12% maturity. Would you guys consider using some of that cash to buy back bonds in the open market?
Theresa E. Wagler: We're constantly looking at the market and making that evaluation versus where we're at with cash versus what optionality there is regarding that kind of one-off repurchases. So I think we're open to all different ideas.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Katz with JPMorgan.
David Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was just wanting to come back to the black beauty project. You guys indicated that it's now on hold given that the industry is running at around 80% capacity. But the industry has been running at roughly the same capacity over the last year, and before that it was lower. Is there anything in particular that caused you to change the plans with regard to it?
Keith E. Busse: We would, collectively, I think I can speak for the Board, like to see an economic climate in which GDP is at 2.5%, 3%, 3.5%, and there's consistent growth. Even though I think the team did a phenomenal job, and they did -- the Board was, I would tell you, pretty impressed with the project. And probably if we were to ask them to pull the trigger at that moment in time, they might have. But when they asked me directly, Keith, would you do it at this moment in time even though I was one of the proponents of that growth project, the answer was a "not." Now there's 2 schools of thought there. By the time we get the mill built, hopefully, we'll be at a better economic climate and, therefore, it would've made sense to pull the trigger. And maybe we should have went forward with it. I think clearly the team did its job from a market perspective bringing a broad -- or allowing the company to participate in a broader array of the flat-rolled arena. Clearly, the CapEx that we articulated, the Board believed would have been realized. The bottom line was as good of any investment we were looking at currently. And I think there was good support for it, but at that moment in time, the industry is backing up slightly. Capacity was shrinking again. It wasn't growing. We'd like to see a sign where capacity is moving up steadily along with GDP, and with that some confidence that we're going to have an extended, if you will, period of good economic conditions, that one that could be forecast I guess. And so the answer is we're not in that big of a hurry. We're not completely done with engineering. We're not completely done with site selection subjects. So I can't tell you whether we'll pull the trigger in 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, but I think the project, I would just tell you, is very much alive, awaiting better economic circumstances to introduce it in.
David Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, in the interim, with the economic environment as it is and given your previous comments that you feel that the capital markets are open to you and you quite like the 50% debt-to-cap ratio that you have right now, that would indicate that perhaps the debt, which comes due next year would just be refinanced. What is the use for the cash on the balance sheet? Is it just stock it away for a rainy day? Is it to raise the dividend? What do you guys see yourselves doing?
Theresa E. Wagler: First of all, I wouldn't read anything into the fact that we commented on the accessibility to the markets. They're there, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there would be a 100% refinanced in the notes, so I wouldn't make that assumption or presumption. And secondly, Keith will have his own opinion but we will -- we are a growth company. We intend to grow fairly aggressively when the time is right. So to have the availability of that, that we can react quickly to opportunities as they come for us, I think it's very important. Keith, do you agree?
Keith E. Busse: Yes, I do. I think, as I said earlier, to do black beauty over the course of a couple of years, I think it can finance itself out of cash and earnings essentially and not even impact the revolver 2 or 3 years from now, which would mean debt would remain unchanged, which would mean you'd have to refinance the $700 million in some form. With that project currently on hold, that could be a timing issue there, where we -- who knows, we might -- we have a wide range of options, as Theresa said, anywhere from the capital markets and the bond market specifically to Term A type loans, which we can repay to accumulate enough cash between now and then to retire and retire some debt. I don't think we have a specific strategy necessarily to bring the debt down sharply, but the consequences of where we're at, where the economy is at, may well yield an opportunity to retire some of that debt, if not all of it, and improve the balance sheet. So we're just continually looking at our options. We have not reached a firm conclusion as to which trail to travel down.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justine Fisher with Goldman Sachs.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have a question on the market environment. Over the last couple of years when we've seen periods of price decline, we've seen some people, some participants in the market start fighting for share. And there have been some comments made by some large mills maybe that they would continue to fight for share or to maintain their share at least in this current environment. Does it feel like there is a fight for market share going on in the flat-rolled market right now?
Keith E. Busse: I would tell you there's not a huge fight going on right now. There's some discounting domestically. Probably more importantly, there's been some domestic offers abroad at cheaper pricing but not for delivery into this market. But obviously, there's been some "protect my market share" pricing going on or it wouldn't have drifted backwards $20, $30, $40. So yes, people are, to some degree, protecting their share. But I would say it's not been an overly aggressive environment at this point in time. And you always hear about a deal here, a deal there. That's not the preponderance of the market. But that's always what's put on your plate. That's always what they want you to be, is that one exceptional deal out there, and it's 1 out of 10,000.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just another question on the credit environment. Again, people are comparing now to a couple of years ago and saying is it going to be as bad, worse or better? And one of the things that stands out to us is the credit environment for your customers that was existent during the previous financial -- or during the financial crisis. I mean, people had a lot of trouble getting trade credit and you saw service centers with weakening purchasing power. Is that happening now? Are you seeing trade credit decline amongst any of your customers?
Keith E. Busse: Go ahead, Theresa?
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm not aware that we're seeing any. We've had conversations. Our receivables are in very good shape and, actually, I'm aware of at least 2 different individuals on both sides of the fence, one in metals recycling and one on the steel side, that are moderate size, that were able to get very favorable deals from their banks. So I don't think it's in the same situation as it was in 2008. The banks have so much liquidity. They'd like to find a reason to be able to lend to some folks.
Keith E. Busse: I think that's true, but the Feds at the same time are writing herd on the banks to a greater degree today so that we don't have more failures than they did back in '06, '07 and '08. So the Feds are looking at banking activities and making sure that the lending policies are properly secured.
Justine Fisher - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last clarification question for Theresa. Just on the liquidity covenant, first of all, does the minimum liquidity include the $400 million accordion? And then when the 7 3/8% come out, irrespective of how much of those refinanced, et cetera, does that mean that the minimum liquidity covenant is then just $160 million because those notes are gone?
Theresa E. Wagler: The $400 million of the accordion is not included in the liquidity calculation, and the liquidity covenant goes away as we refinance or repay the 2012 note.
Operator: And we will continue on to Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to -- I'll just ask real quick on the SBQ project that you've talked about in the past, is that something that you're going ahead with the additional capacity of, say, 200,000 tons or so and using extra Columbia City melts?
Richard P. Teets: Timna, the Pittsboro operations has submitted a preliminary plan to expand their rolling capabilities down there to more further complement their casting capabilities. It's being worked on at the plant level. And in time, we will bring it to the board for consideration. It has not been approved as of this date.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then the follow-up I had was just to say, do you have further incremental projects that we could anticipate in 2012 beyond the changes you talked about in Mesabi Nugget?
Richard P. Teets: From a steel operations, I'll just answer that every plant, we've challenged them on a go-forward basis, how do you position yourself for the next 5 to 10 years. And each one has either process or product development opportunities, some requiring capital expansions and others requiring slight modifications. But we do have a plan, and we're working to finalize that plan, and it's always being reviewed.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So nothing in the copper project or anything else that we might have missed to think about into 2012 just notionally?
Theresa E. Wagler: Timna, what we do is we evaluate all of our projects globally and we look at the internal return and then we evaluate which ones to move forward with, and we weren't prepared to -- I've chosen those projects we're able to talk to everyone about them. We think there will be some exciting things for 2012. I just don't believe that we're prepared to talk about that.
Keith E. Busse: We're in the process of weaving through them right now as we prepare our final budget plan for the board for next year.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Sorry, if I wasn't clear. What I was trying to figure out is if there's anything in progress, not necessarily new projects. But in progress that might start to come through for 2012, that might be a step change from this year to next that you can control. Things that you can control besides the market that might be improving in 2012.
Richard P. Teets: Well, we again for 2012, I mentioned earlier one that I think is exciting is involved the making of the rail production over at Columbia City. When we designed the facility and included the rail welding line, we expected to make a predominant amount of product that was 240- and ultimately 320-foot long and welding it together for shipment. And yet realizing now that, really, no one buys 240-foot lengths unless they're welded, and that's the amount of orders we get are for 80 footers or 39 footers. So therefore, we only had one saw, one gag press, one drill in line and that was all we required to feed the weld lines but to really meet the ongoing day-to-day orders that we get from class ones, regionals and short lines, they are looking for maintenance materials, which are the shorter length, and we only have one saw. It -- you just throttle back your production unbelievably when you go from just 2 end cuts, 4 cuts or 7 cuts and the like, when you're trying to make those shorter lengths. That should be commissioned again in November. And then we'll start seeing the benefits from that project immediately. That's just one example.
Operator: And we will now go to Arun Viswanathan.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess I wanted to ask a question just about your system. So I understand the commentary that pricing has potentially reached the bottom. What does that imply? I guess, maybe you can just help me understand your system a little bit more. Are you mostly expecting your prices in the fourth quarter to remain fairly stable? Have you seen most of the downdraft that we saw in 3Q in industry prices come through your system?
Keith E. Busse: I think from a bar products perspective, the pricing has got to be fairly stable for almost an entire product field. When it comes to Flat Rolled, prices are going to be down slightly perhaps, but resource costs are down slightly as well. And slightly, I think, is the right answer.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So sequentially, you shouldn't see a price downfall that you saw in third quarter. And if you see a -- finally scrap coming down, that will also mitigate the sequential drop in margin per ton, I guess?
Keith E. Busse: I'm not expecting to see prices materially fall in the fourth quarter. They will, I believe on average, in steel, fall somewhat over the third quarter certainly, but I think scrap has moved a little bit in favor as have virgin resources, which Mark commented on earlier. The price in barrel will be down as well slightly. Therefore, there should not be a huge impact or any impact in margin.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right. Okay, great. And then the other question I had was I guess on the inventory side. The service centers released the inventories on a seasonally adjusted basis were pretty much flat again in September. So I'm just curious with demand, where it's at potentially on the sluggish side, where do you think all the inventories are? Are you guys seeing more inventory buildup at the mills? And what's going on really with the inventory side?
Keith E. Busse: We can't see what other mills are doing. Our inventories at the mills are down. Our finished goods are up a little, but our scrap is down considerably over where it was. I can't comment on the other fellow. But reminder that service center inventories, if they tell you they've got too much supply, one month of that is obsolete and slow moving. Therefore, the supply on hand really is not very long, and they tend to buy at spotty patterns. And as that becomes compromised, they buy a little more and as they build it beyond 1 month to 1.5, they buy a little less. There's almost seems to be a pattern of buying out there. And we'll see whether or not that cycle is broken when we get into later October and November, where I think order entry will be a little stronger than it's been in the last 3 weeks.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Why would you characterize or why do you expect order entry to pick up as the year goes on here?
Keith E. Busse: I just -- the excitement and certain parties voiced about, "Boy, our business is good right now," and "that business is coming your way" kind of comments.
Arun S. Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. Last question is basically, I'm just surprised, just echoing Brett's comments from earlier. What gives you the confidence that pricing has found a bottom? I mean rods have really come off in the last couple of weeks and they seem to be headed to the down side and capacity, obviously, is way underutilized in the U.S. Is there a portion of idled capacity that we just don't see? Or are why are you more confident that we've potentially reached the near-term bottom?
Keith E. Busse: These are just conversations we have with our field sales force. They're all just made because it fell down $20, $30. But then they -- that's where they currently are. They're getting orders again. It's a confidence that they don't have to discount any further to get the orders. That could change next week. I mean, we have been in a rather fragile environment.
Operator: We will continue on to Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Russ, I wanted to ask you how things are in the scrap world in the fourth quarter. Keith mentioned several times that resource prices might be slightly lower. On the other hand, the sudden drop in nonferrous is behind. I mean, we haven't seen further drop, it's more of a stable after the drop. Are you expecting an improvement quarter-over-quarter? Or are you seeing more of a flattish quarter or down quarter?
Russell Rinn: I think it's going to be pretty much of a flattish quarter. I think you got -- again, as Keith talked about earlier, it's still quite a volatile environment out there. A month ago, there were scrap rumors with the prices going up $20 a ton in October, and all of a sudden they turned around and when we finished the market, it's down $10. You heard Keith talk about some of the talks of it being down $20 in November, but until we get there, until people start actually buying and start fulfilling their needs, we're just not going to be sure. So traditionally...
Keith E. Busse: Could be flat.
Russell Rinn: Yes, It could be flat. Traditionally, as we get to the winter months, particularly December, January, February, you see scrap prices start moving up simply reflective of the flows that becomes tighter over the winter months. But again, I think if you look at it on the whole, I'm anticipating it will be relatively similar at the end of the month as we were -- or at the end of the quarter as we were in the third quarter. On the nonferrous in particular, I think the economic conditions and the woes of Europe and the woes and the devaluation of the Thailand currency and those things all rippled through those markets. And look, let's face it, in the -- particularly in the copper markets, there's a lot of financial money in there, not necessarily manufacturing-type money that moves those things. So again, as the financial markets suffers some throes, those markets are going to feel them as well.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: What's your inventory ton on nonferrous versus ferrous? Do you have an idea?
Russell Rinn: Ferrous is pretty much -- we're turning everything we've got in about a month's time. Nonferrous is a little bit extended out, simply because it takes a little longer time to process. So that's probably a 2-month, maybe 6 weeks to 2-months term time. But again, it's relatively quick vis--vis the way the scrap industry used to be, which was buy, hold and move. It's the supply chain, the supply lines, both our -- the folks that are supplying our scrap yards and our supply to our customers are very, very thin.
Keith E. Busse: You heard Mark comment -- interesting where we are today. You heard Mark comment earlier on transfer price of nugget material at $506 in a bundle, bushel markets in that same range. I want to tell you I hope we could produce all the damn nuggets we can produce, because if I'm a buyer, I'm buying nuggets, not buying scrap. Because they're sitting around on top of one another, there's much better value in the nugget.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Another question on comments made. I think, Gary, you made a comment that you've seen some improvement in the private construction activity. And also I see that Columbia City ran at a much better rate on -- utilization rate. Are you seeing this continued momentum, positive momentum in the non-res construction side?
Gary Heasley: We have access to real data on, of course, on joist and deck demand and those are up 15% and 16% year-over-year, respectively, and that's year-to-date. It's been a consistent relatively strong growth. Overall, the nonresidential construction was only up 0.9% -- I'm sorry, overall construction was up 0.9%. But the private non-res was up 7%. That's August of '11 to August '10. That's a pretty reasonable improvement. But all of this is mixed together in a shifting of focus on publicly-funded projects and privately-funded projects. We think that what we're seeing in these last couple of weeks, we've seen a slowdown in quota activity. We don't think that really is going to be much going forward. We think we'll see, maybe we won't grow in the fourth quarter 15% for demand, maybe it will be 10%. So we think we will see year-over-year growth. So I think it's going to continue to be volatile and spotty, but we are seeing interest from retailers in building distribution centers and new stores. They really haven't been very active for the last couple of years. And we're seeing other -- we're seeing manufacturing interest we haven't seen in a couple of years. So it's small growth but it's improvement and we'll take it.
Richard P. Teets: Sal, I have to add this. Don't relate the improved shipments in Columbia City to an improving construction in the non-res market. Again, I made mention that 25% of their shipments in September and smaller but still stronger in the balance of the third quarter were nonparallel flange products. So it's not recovering. That shouldn't be a sign of recovery.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the steel market, I know there's been a lot of discussions about flat rolled. But as I look at the market metrics out there, you've got metal margins in commodity hot roll at 200, long products are at $300 and even more. So there's very different margin-type pictures. A couple of things related to that. First, can you remind me what your power coil conversion costs are? And you guys are some of the lowest-cost producers. Just to give us a sense of how low things could go. And then secondly, from a profitability standpoint, Flat Roll was a little bit -- 50% of your shipments this quarter. Would you have a number in terms of profit contribution on steel mill side, long versus flat?
Keith E. Busse: We don't disclose that number, so we don't have anything really to arm you with there. Relative to the margin differences, there are true cost differences that exist. Especially when you're running at 50% of capacity, there is a huge difference in the cost structure of the 2 and it requires that kind of a margin just in long products, especially beams to keep your head above water. But in other merchant-type products, it yields a nice return. You asked about flat rolled. We've talked about that many, many times. What we talked about is the fact that the conversion costs x yield because we've always said gross is net. You introduce it at a gross ton and you end up with a net. The conversion between a gross ton and a net ton happens to be the same number as the yield losses in the flat rolled mill. So that is baked into a statement. When you go look at material costs and you, say, I'm buying something at $500 per bundles and $450 per shred, one of your averages is $480, that gross input number is the net cost yield into the mill. To that, we've always added a conversion cost, which I think is probably today in the $130, somewhere in that area, $135. Dick, you have?
Richard P. Teets: No, I'm acknowledging, right, somewhere in that range.
Keith E. Busse: Somewhere in that range.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Second question, on a different topic. You mentioned that with Mining Resources, once it's up and running, that will be able to feed your Mesabi Nugget plant in whole, at the same time you're still trying to permit the open pit. Is it fair to assume that if and when, hopefully when, you get the open pit permit in hand and you begin construction, that it seems like you're going to be long concentrated in that, and that's when you would consider building a second nugget facility?
Mark D. Millett: Either building a second nugget facility or selling concentrate into the open market.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So you would be open to merchant position in concentrates?
Keith E. Busse: Yes. I think the other thing relative to building a second facility, which would be a desirable thing to do, is make sure that the forecast that Mark ran through with everybody when he gave you more color on where we are and where we're getting to and the time it was we're going to make $40 million, $50 million, we have to begin to realize that on a consistent basis to make that decision.
Operator: We'll continue on to Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I had a couple of questions. One thing I thought and maybe this was a misconception on my part, that a lot of the nonferrous activity at Omni because it's just the commodity exposure, there was some hedging operations or activity. Is that something that -- have I missed that? I mean, do you hedge copper or aluminum at all or any of the nonferrous exposure you have?
Russell Rinn: Mark, we do hedge copper in particular and some of those contracts extend out into the new year of 2012. So yes, that activity is ongoing for us.
Keith E. Busse: This was a mark-to-market issue, I think more than anything like that.
Theresa E. Wagler: We were protected on the physical inventory side, which is what we had almost 100% res I believe. So that was protected. It was on copper. That was protected. It was the forward purchase contracts on which we mark-to-market. That's where the unrealized loss came into play.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And now, is that something -- and again, I'm not an expert on hedging contracts, but is that something you potentially could see a reversal of in the fourth quarter based on the losses that you took? Or what would need to happen?
Mark D. Millett: On the forward sales, when you liquidate those positions, Mark, they do return to you.
Russell Rinn: They reverse themselves.
Mark D. Millett: So they will liquidate this year. And as Russ said earlier, it takes into 2012, early 2012 too.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. I just wanted to make sure I had that thought process correct. Another question I had, Dick, relates to lead times. I think you made a good point about the fact that the lead time differentials are different between hot rolled and then the coated and the more value-added products. Could you give us a little color on how lead times have changed for a cold rolled and galved and painted product, say, today versus 2 months ago or something like that?
Richard P. Teets: What I would tell you on those value-added products, they really haven't changed that much. We've been very steady and very fortunate with a strong position throughout the Flat Rolled division. And so therefore, there's been very little adjustments to those lead times on our value-added processes. Again, where we have seen that fluctuation has been the hot side, on the hot band and that's what's very much reacting to these fickle order-entry rate weeks that Keith was referring to, where you have some real strong weeks and then all of a sudden things go soft and go south for a little while. And that's just the backlog of demand, which affects your efficiency because you don't have near as many products to choose from to get efficient streams through the caster but we're doing ours best to react to them and it is what it is.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that color. So I mean that would indicate, paint a little different picture on just if you're strictly looking at hot bands, which a lot of that has to do with whether the service centers are in or out of the market in any given week.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, that's right.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: One last question if I could and this relates to the nuggets project. That they -- I guess the difficulties of really getting that fully commissioned and operating properly have been kind of ongoing relative to where your comments were earlier in the year. And maybe Mark or Russ, it would be helpful just to kind of remind us of what some of the issues are that you're encountering and just to reassure us again that you feel like you're really on the right track as far as getting this facility to a point where it can begin to generate positive bottom line results next year.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Mark, as we discussed in the past, the principal issues today have been actual mechanical. Just keeping the plant in operation, operating sort of day and night, every hour of the day. Early on, it was conveying systems. We tore those down, put a second set in. They demonstrate the availability that we require, and so we've now gone back through and put redundant systems in virtually all the conveying systems. The discharge system between the rotary hearth and the cooler, again, these are water-cooled components. And just that they're wearing -- excessively leaking. So it's a valve to cool and plan [ph] issues and also refractory, and the rotary hearth. We've been going through a learning curve. Just as I suggested, aerodynamics. Early on its career, we were going through refractory linings every 2 months. Dave, the team have done a phenomenal job bringing the availability of that facility up and this last lining has served us well for over 2 years. So these are the more pioneering efforts or issues related to the pioneering efforts. From a process standpoint, I would suggest that the -- probably, the single remaining item other than just tweaking and optimizing yield is controlling the, what we call, the hotbed and making sure that we can consistently lay down a single layer of pellets, produce nugget without any scale build-ups and those sorts of things. And again, however the issues we have with the rotary hearth furnace aerodynamics, we had similar issues there. And with time, with tweaking fluxes and temperatures and hotbed materials that will be overcome, I do believe. But we've got to get the plant running on a very consistent basis, and then those sorts of mechanical tweaks and process tweaks can be made.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Thanks for the update there. I don't mean to beat a dead horse but I mean, it sure will be great when that facility is making money on a consistent basis.
Mark D. Millett: It's not a dead horse.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All right, I'll withdraw that.
Theresa E. Wagler: Mark, I also want to comment, earlier in the year when we were talking about breakeven scenarios, the assumptions for both the transfer price and for concentrate were much different than they are in today's environment. Concentrate costs are much higher than we anticipated, and the pricing for the transfer of the product is also lower. So there's a natural cost compression there as well.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I think that's a really good point, Theresa. If you adjust the underlying cost of production, your conversion costs, for those changes in concentrate and transfer prices. I mean, has there -- have you really experienced much change in the underlying cost relative to where you thought you would be?
Mark D. Millett: The actual conversion cost compared to where we were back when we approved the project in -- when did we approve the project?
Russell Rinn: Several weeks ago. [indiscernible] 9.
Mark D. Millett: We're probably about $20 a ton more than we thought we were going to be. So there's no appreciable difference. The principal drivers of the financial performance have been concentrate cost, coal and the transfer price.
Keith E. Busse: Times would have helped. I think more than anything, Mark, those are real things. But we had a solid stock of material. It might have been higher and the price might be a little lower. But had we got the tons out that we had anticipated for one 4-week stretch, we might have got there. But we focused on continually improving the process, so that we're not stopping all the time to fix something. And I think now we're facing a point where the concentrate costs going forward are going to make a material difference and we do need the volume.
Mark L. Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But it's an interesting nuance, you can look at the bottom line number and it really doesn't look all that encouraging. But if you think about the fact that you're pioneering a new process, and the underlying cost of that process actually unfolding pretty close to what you thought upfront, and you were looking at changing economic scenarios and perhaps some volume issues that are really the bigger driver than anything having to do with the robustness of the process or the -- or what it is that you're really working on accomplishing. I think that's a good point to make.
Operator: And David Lipschitz with CLSA.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Question for you. Last year, you talked about there's a certain price point where you wouldn't sell under. Is there a price point this year based on where scrap is? I know you said where conversion costs are, but where you were to say, you know what, we'll pull out of the market?
Keith E. Busse: Well, we still have a fair-sized profit per ton in there, so we're a long way away from that. But I don't think we're in danger of having to make a decision like that because I think resource costs would follow it. So I don't see us not being active in the market. But obviously, you could paint a scenario where resource costs stay where they are and the market drops $150. I imagine we'd probably have to think about that pretty hard and probably more focused on value-added than we would be on chasing hot bands around.
Richard P. Teets: Let me just to add do that, Keith, that there are decisions every month we make at each of the divisions relative to orders that we turn away, and many of them I'll just say are, let's say, export opportunities. Then we look at a number each and every day that theoretically could increase our productivity, or our production levels, and yet we turn it away because of the price point that's there. So we look at it on every product in every division on an ongoing basis and make decisions relative to that, our inputs, our conversion costs and the like.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. I think there are 2 things that benefited us from the past, where we've never really been presented with a situation that we just flat out get out of the market. One is the diversification of our portfolio mix as Dick said earlier. We're into painted, into galvanized. We don't have to chase the hot band market then into the gutter. And number two, our efficiency and being the lowest cost producer, we've got a lot more flexibility than perhaps our peers in the marketplace and still maintain a margin.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So then my follow-up to that is, we've seen utilization rates pretty much stay relatively flat over their recent term and demand has been, I would say, stable, up and down a little bit. Do we need -- and with the new capacity that's coming online, do we need to see capacity cuts in order to prices to get to move higher especially in this low slow-growth environment it looks like we're going to be in for a little bit?
Keith E. Busse: I don't know if we have the answer to that at all. We'll stay away from that question.
Operator: We will take our final question from Tony Rizzuto with Dahlman Rose.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Listen, as you guys look into 2012, what kind of level of shipments or consumption growth do you see for the market? If you could maybe break it out into kind of demand for long products versus flats?
Keith E. Busse: Boy, that's an interesting question. I think the only real and meaningful improvement is probably going to be at the structure division, we're freeing up our activities in rail by a yield of few more tons next year. Hopefully, the construction markets will come back a little bit and help us there. But we're running pretty much at capacity down at -- in fact, we're exceeding the original design capacity of Pittsboro by a wide margin, and we've done just about all without pouring capital into the place that we can do. So don't see a change there or it's still West Virginia, maybe a little, a few more tons possibly through Roanoke but not meaningful. Maybe some more tons, hopefully, 100,000 tons or 200,000 more at structural but that's a stretch, free of mechanical failures and this and that. We had a few this year at Butler, we might be able to run at a little higher operating rate there. So probably not huge differences for us.
Anthony B. Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you maybe give it a shot from an industry perspective too?
Keith E. Busse: Well, I don't know that I could do that. I mean, I think the dollar is going to remain weak. There are going to be opportunities abroad, especially if we can settle the economic platforms or -- in Europe, but that's a more subtle condition. There might be some opportunities. Depends on what China is going to do with growth. There might be some export opportunities. But I think domestically, demand might be up 2%, 3% or 4% next year but probably not a lot greater than that. Catherine, thank you for shepherding us during the call. I think it's time to wrap it up, and let me just say thank you to all of you. It's been a joy to work with you over the years. And to hopefully provide meaningful input to the questions asked, I'll be around in the future. I'm not going to go away. But let me say thank you to the 6,000 wonderful men and women, who make it possible every day in this company. It's a wonderful company, and it's on solid, solid ground at this point in time, and it's a great time to contemplate, enjoying my -- some more freedom in my private life. So again, thank you, everyone. Bye now.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a great afternoon.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Busse - Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Iron Dynamics Inc, President of Iron Dynamics Inc and Director of Iron Dynamics Inc Richard Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, Executive Director, President of Steel Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Mark Millett - Co-Founder, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources, Executive Director, President of OmniSource Corporation, Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation and Director of Iron Dynamics Theresa Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations Russell Rinn - 
Analysts: David Cass Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC Arun Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Timna Tanners - UBS Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley Kuni Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Dynamics Inc.; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Russell Rinn, Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Inc.; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Good morning, and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The call is being webcast live, July 19, 2011, from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call from our website or download the call to listen to it at a webcast.  During today's call, our management will be making some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature, are predictive and are not statements of historical facts, are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words.  [Technical Difficulty] These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include general economic conditions; governmental, monetary and fiscal policies; industrial production levels; changes in market supply and demand for our products; foreign imports; conditions in the credit markets; price and availability of scrap and other raw materials; equipment performance or failures; or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause the actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Now we will open today's call with an introductory discussion by Keith Busse, SDI's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Fred. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Before we begin this morning, I would like to introduce to you Russ Rinn. Many of you know Russ. He joined our team, and he will be running the recycling segment of the business. Many of you know him from his days at Commercial Metals, wherein Russ met with many of the analysts to follow both companies and we are tickled to death to have Russ on our team with us here today.  As to the results for the second quarter, I basically tell you that when you do the pluses and minuses with the hedging, things of that nature, we essentially had the same kind of a quarter. It was -- on a net income basis, it was $99 million, slightly less than $106 million we reported in the first quarter or $0.43. That $0.43 was positively impacted by a tax entry to the tune of a $0.01 and negatively impacted by hedging losses to the tune of about $0.01. And as you compare that against the first quarter which was $0.46, it was impacted by about $0.03 from a hedging perspective on a positive sides. So if we cut back all that noise out, the quarters were essentially about the same, which I think is what we're attempting to do for you in paragraph 2 of the press release.  In talking about shipments, they were essentially the same as they were in the first quarter, 15% higher than 2010, and the average underline external steel selling price per ton shipped on the second quarter increased by $118 and $947 from the second quarter average of $829 and increased $57 from the first quarter average.  The next paragraph talks about scrap, and I just want to provide a little bit of clarity there for everyone. A lot of people, like to this [indiscernible], we had a increase in revenue of $57 and increase in scrap of only $15, shouldn't that just fall to the bottom line, it doesn't really work like that. And I want to point out that internal sales are included in our results as reported, but we're really reporting on external steel selling prices as we always historically have. I also want to mention that the tax are in these numbers and that's a value-added product, #1, and #2, it doesn't carry a scrap component which is probably the biggest disconnect. So you can't just take $57 subtract $15 and multiply times some number of internal tons, which you can't find here on the front page, and have results. It doesn't work that way. I think most of you know that already and probably understand that, but just wanted to really point that out to you.  So if you look at our overall earnings posture here in this quarter, we had little bit better results as regards steel and a little worse in the results in Recycling and Ferrous Resources, which we had not contemplated. So, one, basically offset the other and provided essentially this same kind of quarter.  As to where are we today and so on and so forth, and I think that's really the issue at hand, the Flat Roll, there's volatility in order entry in Flat Roll. One minute, we're flying high, and the next minute, the orders are somewhat weak. So it's a little uneven in terms of order entry in the second quarter. But the order book at the Structure Division, although -- though we're near what we need to sustain a healthy level of net income has improved. We have a better backlog in the structural arena today. The backlogs of SBQ bars remain very, very healthy yet, and operating results there were very good. We were profitable in Structural and Rail, you should know that. But a really great quarter in SBQ, still West Virginia did a good job, and we are profitable down at Roanoke. So as we head into the third quarter, like I said, there's some money with us there. And as you all know, the transaction values have come down during the quarter and scrap hasn't. So there has been a lot of chatter on the airwaves about margin squeezes, things like that, and as there should be.  I think overall, as you look towards the third quarter, my guess is the average selling value is going to be down in the neighborhood of $40 to $45 per ton, but if you look at just Flat Roll, they're going to be down $60, maybe $65, now somewhere in that area, but mitigated by values that weren't changing as dramatically as Flat Roll during the quarter. So there is going to be some margins squeezed there undoubtedly.  Scrap, we think could be down, by the time the quarter is over of maybe $5 maybe on an average. But we do anticipate seeing scrap weaken going into the August and September timeframe. Steel selling values have come down but scrap, as you know, has remained fairly flat to up a little and certainly that cart is way ahead of the horse I think. And steel selling values have started to come down, I would expect scrap to weaken. Although I will tell you, I'm in the same camp that a lot of people are that I think we've kind of reached the bottom in terms of retrenchment and selling values, and I think we'll see, given the weakness in inventories that are out there, I think we'll see order entry pickup and perhaps pricing start to reverse horse sometime during the quarter, with that of an impact that's really going to have on us is yet to be seen because the backlog in Flat Roll lead times are so short yet today.  Given the fact that we did talk a little bit about in the press release the upcoming quarter, last time, I would have told you that a fairly solid quarter, one quarter equaled another, even though that's not the way the analysts started to write about it. So I want to mitigate that and tell you that in light of the economic circumstances that are out there, in light of the weakness that has been prevailing in the last month or 2, especially in Flat Roll, we're not going to be able to repeat the quarter given the economic climate. But given the economic climate, I would tell you, it's still going to be a fairly solid quarter. We will have -- we'll better be able to define that for you going forward. It'll be impacted by a margin squeeze and also I might point out to you with the kind of heat wave that's plaguing the nation, the buy-through pricing to run some of our shops just makes it uneconomical to do so. So we're probably going to take some months during this timeframe, which is also going to have somewhat of an impact on the quarter. But the message I guess we're trying to send, it's going to still be a very profitable quarter, just I wouldn't anticipate it being in the 40s but rather in the 30s, and we'll have some tighter numbers for you as we walk forward with that.  We have made progress at Mesabi Nugget. Mark will report on that. And we have weaker quarter operationally in Recycling, and I would tell you that that's principally driven by offshore demand more than anything, although I tell you, there's just too many buyers, sometimes chasing too few tons out there, and I think you can't do a lot about with the transactions but you can do something about what you're buying at. So perhaps some of that squeeze were our own worst enemy with regard to buying habits. But I would tell you the whole of the quarter turned out to be a fairly good quarter. As I said, I think we're nearing a bottom in terms of this cycle, and we'll probably see a healthier order entry environment improving pricing going forward in the quarter, although the quarter in and of itself maybe a little bit weaker than the first 2, but not off tremendously and that's the kind of message we were trying to send. So with that, I will end my comments and turn it over to Mark Millet at this point in time. Mark?
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everybody. I guess firstly, let me take this opportunity to again welcome Russ to our organization. Russ, as many of you know, brings a broad comprehensive perspective on our industry both on the steel side and on the [indiscernible] sides of our business. His values and business philosophies parallel I believe those that have driven SDI success in the past. And most importantly, I think he found his people and will be a great cultural fit. So in behalf of OmniSource team, welcome. Referring to OmniSource, ferrous scrap flow as you saw was strong through the quarter allowing shipment of 1.6 million gross tons, a slight increase relative to Q1 of 2011. Non-ferrous volume was 255 million pounds, down 11% quarter-to-quarter. And that was principally driven by lowest payment in the shipments, a little bit less aluminum but principally stainless.  On an annualized basis, these shipping volumes paralleled the high shipping rates OmniSource experienced in the period 2006, '07 and '08. Given the depressed economic environment and the low utilization rate of the domestic steel industry, such levels I believe are testament to the talents and hard work of the OmniSource team, and I'd like to applaud each and every one of them. Although we did not expect to emulate the significant profitability of the first quarter, the financial performance in Recycling Division was still disappointing. Our operating income dropped to $18 million, down some $31 million from the $49 million achieved in Q1. Although ferrous shipments were strong, ferrous metal spread contracted quarter-over-quarter. The first quarter was the beneficiary of low price inventory accumulated during November and December that was liquidated in the strong upturn in the market in January. In the second quarter, the market was more stable, and we were unable to take advantage of such market positioning. Further earnings compression was related to non-ferrous market activity, as we witnessed corrections in all the commodities that we sell. In stainless, inventories accumulated by the mills early in the year, dampened the demand and pressured market pricing. Our stainless shipments were off 34% from the first quarter, while margin evaporated as market pricing fell from its February peak and high-priced inventory flowed through our system. Finally, as Keith suggested of significant financial impact was a swing in the nonferrous hedging position, during the first quarter unrealized hedging gains of $9.5 million were recorded or the change in market pricing through the second quarter, drove an unrealized loss of $4.8 million that resulted in non-cash fluctuation and pretax earnings of some $14.3 million. OmniSource continues to pursue a strategy of volume growth with a focus on margin expansion, 8 new retail locations have been opened year-to-date as we rebrand that side of the business, with the intent of making all our locations customer-friendly and a place to shop to bring your scrap. Our shredding facilities have been upgraded to increase volume and state-of-the-art [indiscernible] separation technology prepared to be installed to maximize value of the material stream. Technology has been installed at our Fort Wayne facility to provide value-added, low copper shred to the market. The concept has proved successful year-to-date and will be expanded to other divisions through the year. In May, SDI LaFarga commenced construction of the new copper rod production facility in Fort Wayne, but anticipated startup in the summer of next year. Capital expenditures are expected to be around $40 million, capacity 180 million pounds per year and employment of about 40 people. At Iron Dynamics, the folks continue to operate very, very smoothly. 60,000 metric tons of liquid iron and HBI were transferred to the Butler sheet mill during the quarter, providing an effective operating income of approximately $10 million. I think on an interesting note, the team shipped it's millionth ton in June, a milestone that is a testament to the perseverance and hard work that they've been to us and his group. Additionally, the current SCF refractory lining will be replaced after by 380,000 metric tons, which is a long cry from the 2,000 tons that the first line had some years ago. It's a true pioneering effort on their part. Progress continues as Keith said at Mesabi Nugget. After the 3-week outage In May for furnace refractory repairs, the team recorded its best production month to date in June. A total of 38,000 metric tons were shipped during the quarter. Start up losses from Mesabi negatively impacted consolidated earnings by some $13 million. Relative to mining, the state has designated a new project manager that we hope will accelerate progress. However, no progress has been made in recent weeks to the government shutdown at Minnesota, and hopefully they resolve that issue up there. But again, it's slowed our progress down. In the meantime, we are exploring the recovery of iron concentrate from tailings basins on the range through a mining technique called scram mining. This is an attempt to bridge the time until full-scale mining can be implemented at our own Hoyt Lakes facility. This technique is being commercially demonstrated on a day-by-day basis by a company called Magnetation, a startup company founded by Larry Litton who as many of you know, was an individual formerly associated with both Iron Dynamics and Mesabi project.  They have been a consistent supplier of concentrate to Mesabi and have shipped approximately 200,000 metric tons to date. Our plan would be to partner with Magnetization and develop our own supply. And with that, I'd like to hand it to...
Keith Busse: Before we do that, perhaps Russ would want to say anything, say hello?
Russell Rinn: Well, I just -- thank you, Keith, you and Mark for the introduction, kind introduction. I'll just say this morning habit, thanks for the fire, I was being very quickly, and it's a welcome sip of water. But I'm enthused and excited and truly, truly proud to be part of the Steel Dynamics team and I'm excited for the opportunity that for the entire company. So thank you for bringing me on board.
Keith Busse: Thank you. Dick?
Richard Teets: Okay. Thanks, Mark and Keith. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to give a few additional comments. Quarter has already been [indiscernible] there in the press release or on the call this morning about the steel operations. At the Flat Roll Division in Butler and Jeffersonville, production of hot band in the second quarter was the highest ever. Over 750,000 tons of hot bands were produced. This supported the strong downstream galvanizing and painting operations. Last week, the Butler mill was down 4 days as repairs were made to the mill in general and to the static substation equipment that we previously had mentioned was damaged on February 1 during a wind and ice storm. The engineering, maintenance and production personnel have all been very creative in transforming a potentially catastrophic situation into a record-breaking performance. Thank you to all involved. Backlog at Butler remains solid as Keith mentioned for all products with a slight weakening in hot band. But as he mentioned with the production containments due to high temperatures, the impact will be minimized.  At the tax, the 3 lanes ran with an average of about 75% of graded capacity in the second quarter. We have similar to slightly downward opinion of the third quarter at this time. Congratulations to the texting as the 3 lines did achieved a recordable free safety performance in the second quarter. At Columbia City where the construction activity at or near the 2010 level, as [indiscernible] the report on being [indiscernible] production.  Over the medium section mill, last week, the team broke the shift's daily and weekly production records with the best yields ever. Congratulations to all for this achievement on maintaining a 0 safety incident record. As to rail production, the prime shipments here to date approached 60,000 tons, with production yield records being recognized. The $17 million rail finishing project to debottleneck the mill is on track for commissioning at year's end.  Pittsboro continues to have the best backlog in the steel group, first and second quarter discussions for 2012. Our commitments in pricing are under way.  The melt shop broke the monthly production record in May and then turned around and did it again in June. The rolling mill also broke its production record in June and the bar finishing continues to set records in regards to percentages of shipments. All these performances occurred in spite in June of free incidences of power curtailment and it only being a 30-day month. The rolling mill took a 10-day out extended outage for maintenance purposes in April to make the repairs to the furnace and to install capital improvements. Much of the equipment installed will debottleneck the stacking and bundling area on certain progress. It wasn't too long ago that we celebrated when the Pittsboro team in casting hot rolling shipments all exceeded 50,000 tons in a month. While in June, a 60,000-ton performance in all areas was narrowly missed by few hundred tons of shipment, a tremendous job by all. Thank you.  Columbia City continues to be negatively affected by the lack of improvements in construction activity. But the plant did have the highest capacity utilization rates in the quarter since 2008. The melt shop achieved 96.6% and the rolling mill, 91.2%, a very good job in a tough market. At Steel of West Virginia, the core transportation markets of truck trailer and industrial forklifts, continues to improve. The second quarter shipments increased 4% over the first quarter shipments. In contrast to the first half of 2010, the first half of 2011 has seen the melt shop produced at a 6% higher tons per hour rate, the #1 rolling mill at an 8% higher, and the #2 mill at 19% higher hourly rates.  The finishing department will be commissioning a new robotic welding line for truck trailer products in the third quarter of this year. Capital improvements at Steel of West Virginia and improved scheduling continue to deliver benefits to the team. Congratulations to everyone involved. Gary?
Gary Heasley: Thanks, Dick. A few comments on New Millennium. Obviously, non-residential construction remains very weak. However, bookings for the joist industry are 15% year-over-year through May, indicative industry shipments were up 25% through March, both positive indicators. There is some concern that, that positive momentum may slip away a bit here in the second half. We'll see how things go.  In response to the stronger order entry for the industry and New Millennium penetrated new markets, our backlogs are up 30% for joists and 18% per deck. We're expecting 2011 to be a slightly stronger year for joists and deck, but again it remains unclear how strong it will be. We're not yet giving up around which is good news. Our facility in Juarez, Mexico has been ramping up production over the first half and generated its first operating profit in June. Congratulations to the team in Juarez, and for the group, production in sales increased both year-over-year and sequentially. Our margins in the quarter were squeezed by steel cost increases that hit this quarter. Excluding construction costs, start-up costs and costs associated with idle assets, the plants we are operating generated a small operating profit for the quarter which is a good indication that results should continue to improve as market conditions gradually improve. And our facilities in Arkansas and Nevada are nearly ready to commence operations. We'll start up gradually as the backlogs support the addition of production personnel, which it again further positively impact results. So the market remains very tough, but there's a lot of good news and things gradually, day by day, seem to be getting a little bit better. Keith?
Keith Busse: Obviously, your losses as a group have been counting down, and I think given the climate that's out there, there's some uncertainty. We are hopeful that we can stop hemorrhaging and, at least, break even here in the third quarter fabrication. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. During the second quarter, we had 2 nonoperating items of note -- that I'd like to just mention. The first, as you've already heard, involved the non-cash impact of an unrealized mark-to-market adjustment, which impacted the quarter negatively by about $0.04. And then, we also had -- I'm sorry, with a quarter-over-quarter change of $0.04 that impacted the second quarter by about $0.01. And then the second item of note which caused slight change in the Indiana state tax law, which reduces the state tax rate from 8.5% to 6.5%. The rate reduction is allocated over a period of years, becoming fully effective in 2016. Based on current estimates, we reduced our deferred tax rate from 38.5% to 38.1% effective June 30. This increased our quarterly earnings by about $0.01 per diluted share. Our effective rate during the second quarter with noncontrolling interest was 35.8%, compared to 37.4% in the first quarter.  There have been some questions regarding other income in the quarter as well. Other income consists of interest income from fundings that we have available on our balance sheet, as well as equity income from certain very small joint ventures that are at recycling area, which did improve the profitability this quarter. And then it also includes such items as insurance proceeds, et cetera. But I'd like to note that there was nothing that occurred in this quarter that was significant or unusual. During the second quarter of 2011, our consolidated EBITDA margin remained steady, even though our gross margin percentage and our operating income margin decreased slightly in comparison to the sequential quarter, although all of these metrics improved very nicely from 2010 results. Availability on the revolver was $907 million at the end of June and our liquidity remains very strong and actually increased to $170 million during the quarter. So that our liquidity stands today at $1.2 billion.  We remain well within compliance in our financial covenants. Our ratio of total debt to trailing EBITDA improved during the quarter to a current level of 3x, which is compared to 3.7x at the end of December. Cash flows from operations provided $166 million of funds, as working capital was fairly neutral in the quarter after being withdrawal of funds in the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first quarter in 2011 as we were ramping up operations based on improved demand. We believe our working capital position is currently sufficient, and we don't anticipate any meaningful use of funds in the near term. During the second quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $35 million, depreciation remained at $44 million and capitalized interest related to those projects were less than $1 million.  Our current outlook regarding capital expenditures for the second half of the year would be in the range of $100 million to $150 million.  Depreciation for 2011 is still expected to be in the range of $200 million. Gross interest expense for the quarter was $45.2 million with effective interest rate up 7.3%. At June 30, we had 218.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. And additionally, we had 16.4 million shares underlying our convertible securities and 7.5 million outstanding stock options. Our current expectations for the current third quarter diluted share count is in the range of 236.5 million to 207 -- excuse me, 237 million shares.  And lastly, there are many of you that like to know the composition of our Flat Roll shipments during the quarter. For hot Roll, the shipments were 291,000 tons; [indiscernible] and oil, 73,000 tons; cold roll, 41,000 tons; hot roll galvanized, 111,000 tons; cold roll galvanized 53,000 tons; [indiscernible] 89,000 tons; and finally, Galvalume, with 22,000 tons for a total of 680,000 tons. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thanks, Theresa. I don't think you mentioned, but our leverage is now what, 51 49?
Theresa Wagler: Our debt to equity capital ratio, yes.
Keith Busse: All right. Down a little bit where we've been. And when you look at converts, if you think about the converts, its equity, it's nigh-on 45 55, so going in the right direction.
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely.
Keith Busse: Thanks, Theresa. Jim, it's time for the Q&A. So let's open this conference call up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Kuni Chen from CRT Capital Group.
Kuni Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC: I guess just first off, can you comment a bit on the piece of order entry, July versus June, maybe talk about that in Flat Roll and Structural and just talk about things tracking on a sequential month basis?
Keith Busse: At the end of June, order entry started to head downward. And just recently again, it started to pick back up. So you might say it reached the bottom of the dip for us somewhere around the early part of July.
Kuni Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC: And that's just the Flat Roll comment or that's across-the-board?
Keith Busse: That's just flat rolled. Order entry elsewhere has been pretty good. Actually, pretty steady, at Structural backlog being higher. It's been fairly good in the second quarter from an order entry perspective. Clearly, as you heard Dick talking about SBQ, talking to people about first and second quarter of 2012, backlogs Steel West of Virginia are excellent shape, that team is doing a great job. We're turning out a profit, with fairly healthy volumes in their backlog. And Roanoke's backlog hadn't changed a lot but it usually doesn't. And we do anticipate Roanoke probably making a little bit more money in Q3 than they did Q2 with the backlogs are essentially unchanged there.
Kuni Chen - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up here. Can you just give us some color on what you're seeing in the competitive environment? Any impact you're seeing in the market from some of the new capacity starts?
Keith Busse: Dick, I think, will be able to better speak from that. I have not heard that our team has been impacted at all by RG at this point in time. Obviously, some results impact just starting to be felt whatever it is, but I don't know that we've encountered them in the market, but I wouldn't say it's all that impactful. Dick, you might better comment on that.
Richard Teets: I would just build on that, that the -- let me say, with our tax being in our sourcing opportunity from the outside, we do have run into -- -- RG with them as a supplier on a minimum basis, and I do see some product from [indiscernible] but it's not -- we don't see it as a downward pressure. At this moment, it's more a little more talk than there is impact at this moment. But they're real, and they'll be dealt with.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brett Levy from Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy: Some of the bigger moving parts, can you guys talk about sort of the discussion, approval process regarding potential new southern sheet mill. Obviously, I think you mentioned you need 11 board votes to get it. Is there kind of a continued evaluation process? And then, also as it relates to kind of the CapEx plans for some of the bigger pieces as you guys continue to build up Mesabi Nugget, can you talk about the timing of that CapEx as you now plan it?
Keith Busse: Well, not a lot has changed as we talked. We only have 11 directors, so you only need 6 votes. But we would like to see uniformity. But I think if you took the board's temperature today, it's improving. I think they're becoming more positive about the project. I don't think it has anything to do with its impact on Butler. Market studies would show that there's very little impact to Butler. Financially, it's certainly affordable, still in the billion-dollar range. It's not going to come online to 2014. As we've said earlier, that ought to be an entirely different economic climate than we're seeing today, much easier to fit into with hopefully demand and well in excess of 100 million tons. Still growing today, albeit slowly but growing. So it's -- I think their concern like any other directors' concern is more about where is the nation heading. And what are the barriers to continued success and continued expansion of our economy. And I think everybody's getting a little uptight and paranoid as they ought to be about the level of indebtedness, the inability to find a compromise on those issues, to get to a balanced budget kind of environment. I think there's get a lot of conversation about stimulating the economy with a corporate tax rate decline, things that actually might stimulate the economy. So if there's anything related to the other project, which is a couple years off, there's more to do with the economic climate at hand than anything. People are talking about double-dip. I'm still not a guy convinced that that's going to happen. I think slow steady, maybe yet uneven growth is out there, but it's going to be growth I think. And so I think it will be a topic that's discussed a lot again here in our August meeting and we'll let you know if there's any seachange at that point in time. As to your questions on CapEx for Nugget whatnot, and where that project is going, and when we might achieve success and what might that mean for additional capital expenditures down the road, I'll let Mark speak to that.
Mark Millett: I think from -- our best guess for the permit for the mining up in Minnesota, we would hope to get a permit probably by the end of 2012, so that we actually start construction of the mine in 2013. So I think we have $150 million allocated or approved for that. But that's not a 2013 type expenditure. Obviously, the expansion of Mesabi Nugget itself into module 2 or 3, we wouldn't necessarily entertain that until we do have a concentrated supply, sort of almost empty. Relative to the scram mining of the tailings basin as I suggested earlier, we're exploring that. That could be perhaps a $40 million to $50 million expenditure, and if we go forward, it would be kind of a Q4 of this year going into first half of next year.
Brett Levy: And then with respect to the curtailments you guys talked about potentially, can you talk about sort of the size or length that you're considering at this point of the third quarter?
Keith Busse: Well, Brett, I don't think there's so much -- they may curtail us on a very, very hot day. We're under some strain and some pressure here and there, but it's more about the price of power. We're already seeing squeezed margins on pricing in relation to input costs that the principally scrapped and some iron content, but clearly, when the price power goes crazy and you can buy through and it's up $100 a ton, you're not going to do it. You start to take yourself into a loss position potentially. So it's more about us not wanting to run perhaps than it is not being allowed to run. Dick, is that...
Richard Teets: And these are midday to 8:00 to 9:00 at night issues curtailed yesterday or they may get curtailed today. I mean, we're forecasting mid-90s here in Indiana, and that it's a possibility. But this week, it's going to be a hot week, but hopefully that things will cool off, and we'll get back to more normalcy here. Though it's not a third quarter major issue, right now it's a July.
Keith Busse: And as Dick pointed out, that probably fits our order entry pattern from 3 or 4 weeks ago pretty well.
Theresa Wagler: Brett, I would also add, of the $100 million to $150 million of CapEx we talked about, what Mark has mentioned, Mesabi potentially represents within that 5 -- I'm sorry, $45 million to $55 million, so that's why there's such a wide range we could begin and dependent upon some of the scram mining that we talked about.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Luke Folta from Jefferies.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: First question here, just wanted to talk a little bit further about what you guys could be doing with Magnetation. Disregarding your intentions there, would this be something like a joint venture with those guys or is this -- would you be buying a license from them? How would that work?
Keith Busse: It would be a joint venture, Luke.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And would you expect that to have the capacity to enable you to stop buying from Cliffs or other outside sources or will it just be something that will supplement that supply?
Mark Millett: We have a contractual supply from Cliffs for this year and next year, but it would be the intent to have the scram mining supply all our needs in 2013 and '14.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Are there minimum quantities you have to buy from Cliffs next year?
Mark Millett: Yes, we got a contract with them.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just secondly, you've mentioned, Mark, that there's some -- you had expanded 8 new facilities for how many source? Can you give us a sense of how much capacity that might have added?
Mark Millett: Well, they're new locations and so its customer by customer by customer. The actual volume, right at this second, Luke, I wouldn't be able to give you a precise number.
Keith Busse: They're probably more retail yards than they are -- yards that'd have, necessarily an investment -- they wouldn't have shredders, and I'm sure they wouldn't have a bailer.
Mark Millett: These yards with the essentially no real equipment, at least, their processing equipment and our focus on higher margin. If you look at your margin, material margins through our various material streams, obviously, brokerage is the slimmest. You may make $5, $6, $7 a ton or so on brokerage. And industrial accounts today for prompt scrap, it's very, very competitive, you can make $15 to $20 a ton perhaps. Retail remains absolute scrap. Retail remains the larger margin opportunity for us. So we're going to exploit that arena. With the feeder yards or the retail yards , obviously, the intent would be at a later date as the volume grows and processing depending on the experience of the volume.
Luke Folta - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And just last question. Just in regards to your Pittsboro operation. Are you seeing -- are you starting to see some of the benefits from the price increases that have been announced recently for SBQ? And also, I wanted to ask if you could give us some sense of what your mix is between large and small diameter SBQ bars?
Keith Busse: Well, I'll take a wing at that. From a price increase standpoint, It's on call minimal but we have a lot of pricing mechanisms that are in place, and those follow either market indices or in a trailing manner. And some of them also, needless to say, are spot purchases and those are the ones that are affected by price increases. And one of our competitors just rolled out price increases effective November 1, trying to give everyone opportunity to recognize the requirements and do some planning. And, of course, we follow any of those and lead some of them ourselves. So yes, we're taking advantage of every pricing increase opportunity we have available to us, but it doesn't affect even 50% of our tonnage of shipments. As far as split between small and large diameter bars, and we really look at it 3 ways, small, medium and large, we don't do a lot of large bar product. The biggest that we can roll round is about a 9-inch, but we don't get the reduction required for quality purposes until we get down about 6.5 inches, 6 3/8-inch bar. And so large bar is a very minimal amount of our tonnages, on an annual basis, maybe 15,000 tons or so. So we don't recognize this as large. Medium, I would tell you, is the largest portion of our shipments, in a year, maybe 300,000 tons, 275,000 tons would be achieved. And our small bar, we don't get down to smallest normally that the mill is capable of because we have such a good medium section market, and we probably ship about 175,000 to 200,000 tons of small bar diameters.
Operator: Moving on to the next question from Michelle Applebaum from SMI.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: My question is this. Looking forward on the Columbus expansion, I was wondering, is that big enough that you could hit the prime scrap pool, at the same time add new capacity? I know we take for granted that higher scrap prices mean higher steel prices. But we've seen some prior startups where the raw material pull is pressured a little bit during the startup while new capacity is added and prices are pressured in the other direction?
Keith Busse: Michelle, define Columbus.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: I'm sorry?
Mark Millett: Are you talking about Semicore, Michelle?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Yes.
Mark Millett: Well, I think Columbus itself, Michelle, is not going to be a massive enough change to dry the market. I think just the prime market in general is going to be under pressure. Obviously, the manufacturing -- domestic manufacturing is down. Prime scrap is not being generated at the same volumes as we've historically seen, and the mills' inventories today on the prime side are pretty tight. So I think prime scrap [indiscernible] is kind of the volatile agent and it's just the overall demand is going to drive the pricing, not just Semicore itself.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: So Semicore is just one piece of the equation?
Mark Millett: Yes. Obviously, any demand in a tight market is going to impact it.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay. Then my other question is with regard to Nuggets. I'm confused about the timing of when -- and I hate to ask you this. But we talked a lot about when you expect it to hit break even. And I hate asking with the new process I've learned from experience, sometimes the answers we just don't know, and having to deal with. And again, this is a being public issue where you should be investigating science projects like Mesabi Nugget and other things like that and having to report quarterly results and give a projection on when you breakeven. It's very difficult to understand that. But I have different things -- conflicting things in my notes from these calls in terms of the timing and the conditions on when you expect to break even. Can you give an update, or is the answer you just don't know?
Mark Millett: I Appreciate your thought on the longer-term horizon as opposed to what we're doing next week, so to speak. Because, again, just as Iron Dynamics was our pioneering effort, that was a long-term vision. It's come to fruit, and we're benefiting from it today as we benefit from Mesabi Nugget.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: And I just -- forgive me for interrupting, but if we care and worried about when something would hit profit so intensely, Crawfordsville would never have been built. So it's a real issue. I'm not just being nice here. I think it's a real issue. But go ahead.
Mark Millett: I think what we have said in the last couple of calls, and I will sort of reiterate, as long as we can get some volumes over the next few months, we would hope to present a monthly basis. It won't be the whole fourth quarter. But we would hope to get a month under our belt yet this year as sort of breakeven level.
Keith Busse: Michelle, I think the scram, I would agree with Mark that, that is a possibility later this year, reiterating stock quarter or perhaps a month. But the effective of scram mining and those input costs on a JV basis could be material. With that same considered volume that Mark just spoke about, that the impact of scram would be substantial and could make it very comfortable.
Mark Millett: Sorry, Michelle, just one added piece of color. If we're willing to go positive or barely breakeven here, yet this year, we're probably going to see early next year as it turns slightly negative as high concentrate cost hit us. And then, hopefully, the volume will kick in and we will be positive again.
Keith Busse: The impact would be second half of 2012.
Mark Millett: Yes, we would hope to get lower cost concentrate in the second half of 2012.
Keith Busse: Michelle, it's materially lower, would nicely drive profitability.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: That's great. Are you looking for joint venture partners for the operation now that you're getting closer to it being more fully proven out?
Keith Busse: Joint venture partners for scrap mining?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: No. Nugget?
Keith Busse: No, as Mark said, we need a client in which we have a proven technology, intel and a mining permit that could drive profitability. If we have the promise of a permit coupled with scram mining, that's a pretty easy decision but you have to get there first.
Operator: Moving on to the next question from Michael Gambardella from JPMorgan.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I have a question on the Recycling business. You paid a little bit more than $1 billion I think at the end of 2007 for OmniSource. And clearly, no one saw the downturn that we had after that, but also you'd have to say that recycling business so far has been a disappointment in terms of the returns. Couple of questions. One, I don't want to put Russ on the spot right now, although if he want to chime in, feel free. But what do you, Keith, think have to be done at recycling to really turn it around? And then the second question is are we seeing some of the earnings benefits of recycling in the steel operation numbers and we just can't see them from outside?
Keith Busse: Well, it's transferred pretty much at markets, so I would tell you, you're not seeing much of it there. We transfer our material at [indiscernible] essentially for the more remote yards from Butler, Columbia City or Pittsboro wherever. The local yards gets transferred at [indiscernible] minus 5. So for all practical purposes, when you average all that, it should be a couple of bucks, which is the market. So no you're not. As to the character of the business, I think you hit the nail right on the head, and to clarify that, we paid $800 million in equity, we would have the debt component material one way or another, but with debt that carried with it was a $1 billion. But we bought it right at the outset of the decline and we never had the benefit of a positive market environment overall in the steel community. Although, you could argue that with the kind of pressure you get from abroad pushing the price up, that you might have a better return than we have had. And I would tell you my humble opinion is, we still got work to do on the buy side. We could do a better job there. I don't know if Russ is going to agree with that or Mark's going to agree with that comment, but that's where I see it. Mark?
Mark Millett: I think, if you look at our recycle business, as I said earlier, the team has done a phenomenal job at getting volumes back both from the non-ferrous side and the ferrous side to the '06, '07, '08 to the historic highs for the recycle industry. And as you rightly point out, we're not getting the earnings from that. That is essentially -- and online has been driven by the squeezed metal spread between our ability to buy scrap for the shredders in particular, as compared to selling prices to steel mills. And hence, our focus on increasing that margin. And we're doing that in several different ways, the downstream separation of non-ferrous from the ASR, that can appreciably improve our margin, the rebranding and expansion of our retail activity, again it's to drive or shift our input from low margin sources at higher margin retail, focus on producing value-added parts, the low copper gamma shred and other products that we can sort of get into niche markets and improve our margin. But it's the -- fundamentally, the competition for feedstock is coming from 2 sources. One is the export market. We're exporting 22 to 24 million tons a year today as opposed on an annualized basis, as opposed to 10 to 12 million tons in the past. And there's been a prolific increase in shredded capacity. We would calculate some 60%, 65% increase in shredding capacity over the last perhaps 6 years. Everyone pushing or everyone competing for a very defined reservoir of scrap. I think as markets come and go, you'll see that over the next 3 or 4 years, a lot of these new shredders are probably going to suffer. In fact, they're suffering today, and so there might be opportunities to acquire or otherwise rationalize that market and quite possibly margins will come back just from that itself, but that's a 3, 4, 5, 6 year sort of outlook.
Keith Busse: Mike, I'll also tell you that we like the margins, but our peers haven't been able to do any better. If you look at the average scrap bottom line from other providers, we've been as good as, if not better, throughout these last 3 or 4 year cycles. So not that we're proud of that, but we're certainly, as you heard Mark talk about all the things we're trying to do better, have a better opportunity going forward and hopefully and a better market.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But you have very little scrap exports in your business, right?
Mark Millett: Correct. The only real export was on the non-ferrous side, probably I would say 15%, maybe 20% of our non-ferrous gets exported. And I guess just one closing comment on the impact or potential upside to our steel mills. As Keith said, on scrap transferring across in said market but given the position of scrap we have going to our steel mills, our own scrap, it does allow us to leverage our third-party buys a little and perhaps we can trim $2 or $3 a ton off those tons and obviously, having a good control of the supply here of the material supply chain, we are able to control and have been controlling our inventory of steel mills, which tends to give us a little better position from a working capital perspective.
Keith Busse: Yes, I think that's right on the money kind of commentary. We -- I think buy better than our peers do because of our position and the leverage we have which then does benefit the most.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Evan Kurtz from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Just one more follow-up on scram mining. It's not a process that I'm usually familiar with. I'm just hoping you can share some of your assumptions on cost per ton for the process and what are some of the factors that drive that than can push it one way or another?
Russell Rinn: I think my purpose would not be to share the actual price other than as Keith said earlier, it's significantly lower. It would be probably a little higher though than ultimately from our own line by perhaps $5 to $10.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's helpful. And then just lastly, Keith, you mentioned that you thought hot rolled prices could start to reverse this quarter. Would you mind just elaborating on some of the supply demand factors there as far as imports and new supply and demand connected factor into that inflection point?
Keith Busse: I don't think imports are much of a factor. And I think with continued help in the automobile universe, the agricultural, the appliance, the transportation equipment environment, the yellow iron business. Those markets remain fairly even to increasing. The rough market is construction and obviously with all the squabbling in Washington very few federal dollars available today for some needed infrastructure projects. So as you heard so many times before it is -- it is the lack of any emphasis by the business community to invest, and I think that will come in time but there's a reluctance there now, and you couple that with infrastructure activity that's pretty low ebb right now. I think it just continually creates a very lackluster construction environment, which could drive entirely different results almost for every business unit but certainly impacting structure more than any.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Timna Tanners from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - UBS: I wanted to just clarify, you talked a lot about order entry but I was just wondering what the lead time behavior has been on the Flat Roll business.
Keith Busse: It's just a couple of weeks, I think.
Richard Teets: Yes, for hot band. The furthest out would be totally galvanized and painted product.
Timna Tanners - UBS: So with better order entry had you seen lead times extending?
Keith Busse: Well, we've had better order entries deployed out value added, not so much in hot roll yet.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, got you. And then, I know we've had a lot of discussion about the different components of the Recycling business between scram mining and [indiscernible], but I just -- I think you talked really helpfully and clearly about how the first quarter was kind of an abnormal and normally positive environment. Maybe that second quarter was an abnormally challenging environment. But for the near term, I mean, when we think about it in terms of either margin or EBIT per ton, which do you think is, I mean, should we split the difference? I mean, how would you got us to thinking about the near-term trend in the Recycling business and what the potential is?
Keith Busse: I think clearly, being a spot producer, we saw some benefit earlier and then perhaps, others in the industry saw and have really good first quarter results. I think we maintain that those good results into the second quarter. I think our challenging quarter is going to be the third quarter. And we might actually see a better fourth quarter than we see certainly a third quarter, I think. I think the last time we said fairly solid, I was interpreting it to be about the same, and everybody wrote about something a little bit higher and fairly solid addresses your point of view, Timna, today, within the margin squeeze. But for those who think we're going to fall off the end of the earth and have a loss, it's certainly not the case. We're going to report a respectable profit. It'll be lower, I believe that in the 40s or be in the 30s. As I said, I don't have precise guidance there, but it won't be as strong as $0.43 or $0.46, I'm pretty sure of that. In spite of the environment, it will be okay. And it does address that margin squeeze that you wrote about, the others have written about.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, that's great. I was trying to ask about the OmniSource and the recycling piece of it though, and I just was trying to figure out, obviously, first quarter, fantastic result; second quarter, challenging result, like, which should we think about until we see the scram mining or until we see the Mesabi permit, which should we think about is more than normal for the Recycling business?
Mark Millett: Well, I guess, Timna, if you could give us a crystal ball, tell us where the covered market, stainless market, aluminum market, the first market is going, we'll give you that forecast. Obviously, I think it's frustrating for us all here at the table and that it's such a difficult business to be able to forecast and get your hands around, because its commodity driven. And in up markets, we're going to do well. And in down markets, we're not going to do as well. We've got no greater visibility as to what those markets are doing than yourself.
Keith Busse: We had a pretty good first quarter as Mark said, and a little bit disappointing second quarter. We'll probably have a better third quarter, how much better remains to be seen and that's where the visibility is yet, but we're kind of forecasting it's going to be a little better.
Operator: Moving on to our next question from Arun Viswanathan from Susquehanna.
Arun Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So I guess I just wanted to clarify as well, Keith, you mentioned that pricing could be down about $60 in the third quarter in flat-rolled and -- right. What does that imply, I guess, going forward? I mean, you said prices have stabilized, and then, so do you think the fourth quarter could actually see a bounce up if we do get some better the next second volumes here.
Keith Busse: I think that fourth quarter could come back on an average profit as much as $40 or something.
Arun Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then, similarly on EBIT per-ton basis, which scrap kind of holding in there, does that mean that your profitability could actually accelerate as well in the fourth quarter?
Keith Busse: You heard me say earlier, I think there's really some doubling this in the recycling universe perhaps, in August, September, maybe it's September, October, I don't know. But it will strengthen again by year-end, but there will be some window of opportunity there that made up of better recycling cost with improving steel pricing that produce potentially a better fourth quarter.
Arun Viswanathan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And how would you characterize the behavior out there? I mean, what do you think kind of helps to stabilize prices here? And do you think that, that could continue to move things forward? Or do you see any -- are you concerned about potentially some irrational behavior out there?
Keith Busse: You heard me talk about all the markets and how I thought they'd respond going forward, I really don't think that's going to change a lot. I think they are the driver. The other thing is inventories are fairly low. We must constantly be reminded and the service centers wouldn't tell you anything different. They're talking about 2.4 months of inventory on hand or a number like that, they really maybe talking about 1.4 or 5 months of inventory on hand, because of the slow-moving nature of some of that inventory to obsolete nature of it. So you're getting pretty close to the best site. We're not dealing with excessive inventory out there, and we don't expect anybody to majorly restock. We're just expected to be even keel kind of order entry.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: One thing, Keith, I was curious. Do you have any sense of where steel volume might be 3Q versus 2Q?
Keith Busse: I would guess steel volume is going to be off a little bit because of the impact of the June SAG and order entry at least on Flat Roll and the power curtailments. The power curtailments would likewise apply to other operating units, not so much to their backlog but could -- so I would expect that we are expecting steel production and shipments to sag somewhat in the third quarter.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: All right. And then that would -- would that -- I'm just trying to -- normally in the fourth quarter, I mean, things are a little bit weaker than the summer months, and it sounds like you might be setting up or your thought process was based around some recovery and you said in earnings. But I'm wondering, do higher shipments factor into that thought process?
Keith Busse: It certainly would in the fourth quarter, I think. I think we'll have better opportunities for a wide variety of reasons. Hopefully, we'll have this national paralyzing calamity behind us and more positive consumer sentiment. I don't think the rate of our builds will decline, I think that momentum will be maintained. I think the transportation market is going to remain good. [indiscernible] I don't expect that -- and with service centers not having a lot of inventory being in a -- or less steady mode of buying, you're going to have some periods of uneveness in order entries. People play the psychology of what scrap doing. We going to buy today or tomorrow kind of thing, but I think -- I actually believe we'll have a better fourth quarter. I have yet to shape up the material [ph], but that's my personal belief.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Right. Now, I get that. I understand. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we all wish we had a crystal balls, so it would be a lot easier. One other thing, you had mentioned -- this is something I wanted to bring up as well about the third quarter outlook for the resource side. And looking at the hedging situation, that was helpful in 1Q, it was unwound in the second quarter. I mean, how does that play into your thought process as you move into the third quarter? And you said you thought things would be a little better for a resource or for Omni in the third quarter. Could you give us a little more color about your thought process there?
Mark Millett: It all depends on where directionally where the markets go. On copper, we keep a flat book. We have a little hedge in the aluminum world. We don't hedge on the stainless world. It all depends on where the markets move. And our visibility seemingly the recent the year or 2, its visibility is only a couple of weeks ahead.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So essentially, this is something that will have to be played month by month. Is there anything that -- seasonally, the third quarter and the first quarter typically are the better quarters for earnings. Is that fair?
Mark Millett: In the recycling world, I would suggest that. But again, I think if you looked historically, you bump off pretty weak because order shots and tops up. As Keith said earlier, we're seeing potentially a softer market in August and September, and again in the commodity business in which we live, the market doesn't bode well for great earnings.
Keith Busse: I don't think the earnings is trying to go back to the third quarter of last year. It's going to be a change of that magnitude. But given how weak they were on the second quarter, you could see an improvement surely I think in the third quarter. But it's not going to bounce back into the $40-million income.
Operator: Moving on to the next question from Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: My question, it goes back to the scram mining. And, Keith or Mark, can you talk about the size of the separator [ph] that you'd like to build? How that's progressing on the permitting stage? And then, also in terms of tailing, roughly, how many tons of concentrate equivalent might we be talking about there that you could process?
Mark Millett: Again, as we said earlier, the intent would be to own a facility that would satisfy our appetite. Our appetite is going to be roughly 800,000 tons a year once Mesabi Nugget is in full swing. We are looking, at this is kind of a bridge, to bridge the time between now and when we make our own full-scale mining in hand. Relative to the reserves, there are a huge number of basins, and I wouldn't be able to quantify the hundreds of thousands of tons of concentrate up there that's available. But there's a significant availability of concentrate from this source. Relative to the permitting, scram mining by definition is kind of recovery of past mined material and at least the Magnetation has successfully permitted, I think, 2, maybe 3 reserves in relatively short order.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: Going back, you'd mentioned earlier, Mark, you said that in the first half of 2012 that your concentrate cost would go up. Is this because of you and your adjustments and contracts or is this your expectations about where the price is going to be in the future?
Mark Millett: It is how the inventory evaluation is going through.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then last one, a follow up on earlier questions about the Recycling business and this mark-to-market. And just so I understand, in terms the way you guys operate your business, you enter into these hedges to protect your margins, and it's the mark-to-market non-cash portion that causes the volatility in report earnings, but not the profitability of the business from a cash standpoint. Is that a fair way to look at it?
Mark Millett: That's correct. That's on target.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from David Cass with JP Morgan.
David Cass: I was hoping to follow up on the average selling prices. So you guys said that you thought that flat-rolled could be down 60 to 65. I was unclear if you were saying that would be for Steel Dynamics or for the industry overall?
Keith Busse: Well, that's for us. We can't speak for the industry, and I think I followed up by saying the overall average we might be down when you consider all of our operating ends is $40 to $45.
David Cass: Right. But specifically with regard to the Flat Roll, if one kind of looks at the benchmark price in the second quarter and compares that to where we are now, we're off more than $100. So if one were to expect levels to stay roughly on the same and then move up later in the quarter, the $60 to $65 that you guys are saying hereof seems to be a little better than perhaps what the industry is experiencing. I was curious if that was because of the way it floats through and the lag that you guys might experience. Is that correct?
Keith Busse: There is a lag. Dick, do you want to...
Richard Teets: Well, I think, also you're looking at it from reported numbers and so forth. And I must say that our follow-up operation is not taking the price down to the levels which you [indiscernible] and able to read about in the press, and so that's what's going to dampen the overall swing.
David Cass: Okay. But if one were to extrapolate and given that as you guys said there is a lag looking forward as prices move back up, and I think we've all agreed that it's likely they will, but as they move back up, wouldn't there be a lag as well in experiencing that in the fourth quarter?
Keith Busse: Well, lead times are fairly short, but yes, there actually would be some lag, and you have to understand that most of the conversations we all agreed about is always hot roll, hot roll, hot roll which is less than half our business. Some of the other value-added markets aren't impacted quite as severely as hot role, especially as you read about it in the American metal market every day. And as Dick pointed out, We're not the guys that tend to reach that bottom as fast and furiously as some others do.
David Cass: Okay. And then, the second question that I had was with regard to the additional steel that you're seeing from RG. How was that impacting in terms market share and your ability to maintain market share?
Keith Busse: First part of the question was what now?
David Cass: With extra steel that you're seeing in the market from both RG and [indiscernible]? Has that impacted your market share at all? And do you anticipate that doing so?
Keith Busse: Well, it could certainly be a reason for a period when your order entry is a little weaker than it had been if there's no change in economic climate. But that's hard to know. I would tell you, we're not -- our sales people although they're [indiscernible] we're getting [indiscernible] from RG. It's not have been an impact full of that in the real world in St. Louis, Missouri.
Operator: Moving on to the next question from Tim Hayes from Davenport & Company.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: Just 2 questions quickly. When looking at the automotive business in Q3, usually there's some seasonal weakness, and might that seasonal weakness be less this go around as we're catching up from the supply chains as the chain disruption that we saw in Q2 and might you be seen -- wondering if you're seeing any of that?
Keith Busse: I think that's a good observation.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay. And then, could you remind me what are your inventory turns at steel and inventory turns in the recycling business, please?
Theresa Wagler: The inventory turns at the steel tend be a little bit different between sheet and the long product. So in the sheet side, it still tends to be on a monthly basis, which the long product can be 1.5 months sometime, maybe 2 months but typically 1.5 months. On the metals recycling side, on that day trends were typically to be a month-to-month basis. It can grow beyond that in periods of, I guess, what I would call opportunity but we tend to keep it month-to-month.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: All right. So metals recycling is turning about 12 times a year, right, maybe almost that amount.
Keith Busse: Yes.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Aldo Mazzaferro from Burke & Quick.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: The [indiscernible] have $150-plus is pretty impressive considering the structural steel mills operating solo. I wonder if you could comment a little bit about how Rail portion of that business is impacting your profits? And what you think in terms of volume on the Rail business going forward?
Keith Busse: Well, I would tell you, it's kept us from losing money. It's probably as broad a statement as could be made. Without it, we'd probably would lose a little money on an operating basis every month and with it, we make a little money. So, Dick?
Richard Teets: In fact, we don't have a head hardened process for considered premium rail. Our standard rail products are priced very competitively in the marketplace. We're still gaining market share and there's cost to that. So therefore, there is not a huge big difference between that and the structural side, but we do gain from the volume compression and all of the efficiencies used for the shops through that reduction. As we become efficient, it raised our productivity, and we've made major strides here. That will definitely positively impact our earnings on a per ton basis on the rail product.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: So do you have any view for what you might be running in terms of shipping volume going forward?
Richard Teets: This year, as I said, the year-to-date, that's their half a year, basically, got 60,000 tons under our belt, and we talk around 150,000 tons for the year was our forecast at the end of last year. And needless to say going forward, we expect that to climb.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: And, Keith, can I ask you a one question on the scrap market. I mean, you guys have been commenting, that you expect the prices to go down. I just would ask a little question as to why do you expect that?
Keith Busse: Well, I don't know that they'll go down a lot in August, but I think -- what I think the bills kind of turned up your nose a little bit, you might say in July. That normally is an up market, and it sort of just went sideways to up a little, but demand has weakened. It's not just our order book that's a little uneven. I think it's weakened at other shops as well. So there's not quite the appetite. But I don't know that there's going to be any $100 sell off, scrap either, but it might directionally go down a little bit in August, maybe a little bit more in September, but I think the team can adjust for that from the buy-side perspective. But there's not going to be $100 climb in scrap costs although to get some of these margins back, you need something more than $20 or something, but who knows what's it's really going to hold out.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Just one final quick one on the Mesabi Nugget situation. Can you help me understand a little bit about how the volume that you can get from Cliffs? I mean, what's the maximum run rate you could go if you just use exclusively Cliffs? And then, would you begin to add in those scram or scram already been -- starting to be added into the volume at that facility?
Mark Millett: I doubt that Cliffs would have enough concentrate available to solely supply Mesabi Nugget at 800,000 ton a year annualized rate. Again, one has to remember, we've been operating and will continue to operate here through the end of 2012 for sure on a myriad of different sources. We have some inventory that's left over from our relationship with QCM. We have a steady supply coming in from Magnetation, and we've augmented -- although it's augment the Cliffs' supply. The intent would be to transition from that combination to a Magnetation type product.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: And that transition will await the startup of the new facility that you're joint venturing? Or is there growth in the...
Keith Busse: That kind of volume would only be delivery, let's say, through the JV. The answer is yes.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take the next question from Sal Tharani from Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, the $40 million, $50 million you mentioned spending on the Magnetation joint venture, and then obviously, this will become -- will it become obsolete once your mine starts in, let's say, 2013 or '14?
Mark Millett: No. The intent would be -- and presuming this a good iron market out there, one could envision that, that consider to produce concentrate and be sold into the upper market.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So you will own it even just [indiscernible] third party?
Keith Busse: The third party would have an interest in it, we think, because it would be priced better than new concentrate coming out of Cliffs side operation. It has a cost advantage and probably a pricing advantage, so it would not be hard to liquidate that at a fairly effective level of profitability.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: What kind of content are you expecting from the concentrate from magnetation process or scram process?
Mark Millett: What sort of [indiscernible] it would be a regular concentrate, just in the 60% to 63%.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And, Keith, you have given some comments on the end markets, including construction. I just was wondering if the situation on both [indiscernible] has been stable or have you seen any decline? We have gotten some positive data on dodge data. Square footage data was up and clearly, residential housing starts were up significantly [indiscernible] seen any uptick in your business?
Keith Busse: Well, I think we have but I think the binoculars for that are a little bit better structure. Backlog is certainly better order entry of fabrication.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from David Lipschitz from CLSA.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Question to you on pricing, you said you think prices are bottoming. Have you seen prices bottom or that's your expectation? And also, are you worried about market share with all the new participants and we're hearing prices although with what you're talking about? Before you said you would not take orders at some low levels. Is that what you're doing again and are you worried about with the new participants taking market share from that perspective?
Keith Busse: I would tell you, it's more of an anticipation right now in reality. And yes, there are levels in which we wouldn't chase the duck on the pond anymore.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then quickly on scrap. Do you expect to see continued divergence between prime scrap and the obsolete scrap in terms of you said you think price potentially could be flat to down. Do you think prime could stay higher and the obsolete would fall off or do you expect both to fall?
Mark Millett: Again, no great crystal ball, but the obsolete flow is at least strong out there, and the prime scrap flow has to be constrained. So one would think that they'll be greater divergence.
Operator: And at this time, that will conclude our Q&A session, and I'll turn it back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. It's one of the longer sessions we've had, good questions. We certainly appreciate the coverage you give the company and the support that you give the company. But more importantly, we certainly appreciate the support our employees give this company. We have a fabulous group of young men and women that work for this company, produce stellar results quarter in and quarter out. We thank you for your efforts. That concludes our remarks.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Busse - Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Iron Dynamics Inc, President of Iron Dynamics Inc and Director of Iron Dynamics Inc Richard Teets - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President for Steelmaking, Executive Director, President of Steel Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Mark Millett - Co-Founder, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources, Executive Director, President of OmniSource Corporation, Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation and Director of Iron Dynamics Theresa Wagler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Olkovetsky Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. David Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Charles Bradford - Bradford Research Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Millet, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Dynamics Inc.; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics, Inc.; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Thank you. Welcome to the Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The call is being webcast live, April 19, 2011, from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call from our website or download the call to listen to a podcast. During today's call, our management will be making some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements which, by their nature, are predictive and are not statements of historical fact, are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions; governmental, monetary and fiscal policy; industrial production levels; changes in market supply and demand for our products; foreign imports; conditions in the credit markets; the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials; equipment performance or failures; or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are all publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Before we begin today's discussion, I'd like to mention that our annual meeting is coming up in Fort Wayne a month from today at 9 a.m. on May 19. We do plan a live webcast of the meeting, and more details are available on our website. Now let's start today's discussion with introductory comments from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Fred. Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. One of the first things I'd like to do is have you join me in congratulating Mark Millett on his new responsibilities as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Dynamics, so congratulations, Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Keith Busse: We obviously had a good quarter. At least, I think you'll conclude that we did. A little bit better than the estimate that was out there from the analysts by a few cents a share. A good solid quarter. You can look at it through many different portals, but it's certainly a new benchmark on the long road back that the economy faces. But as you benchmark it against the fourth quarter it was -- our earnings increased by better than 10-fold, which I think is significant in and of itself. We had first quarter net income of $106 million on net sales of $2 billion. And I might point out that as you annualize -- if you annualize $2 billion, you're getting back to somewhere in the vicinity of the 2008 revenue highs that we achieved in that year before the economy tanked. But as you compare it to the first quarter of 2010, it's $41 million better than the $61 million -- $65 million we reported in the first quarter of the previous year. And of course, our net income in the fourth quarter of 2010 was only $8 million or $0.04.  As reported, very positive trend in pricing. Pricing was up about $154 and scrap in the quarter increased by $86. Thus, the difference represents the increase in the operating margin quarter-over-quarter or very nearly accounts for it all. OmniSource. It's significant to note that when you analyze ferrous shipments at 1.5 million tons, it's not quite at capacity. I think the company's capacity is well over 7 million tons now, but getting back into an area of normality, if you will, at an annual shipping rate of 6 million tons, which I think really confirms to a large extent what we've been saying about the impact of volume on the bottom line. This was certainly, as we pointed out in the next paragraph, one of Omni's strongest quarters since we acquired Omni in late 2007. So congratulations to the entire Omni team. You all did a terrific job in the first quarter of 2011 and keep up the good work.  On a whole, our Steel Operations also achieved very high operating income of $196 million during the quarter or $138 per ton shipped, which was 114% increase in operating income over fourth quarter results. And you can obviously get at that by dividing $196 million by $91 million. That's how you calculate the 114%. And as we noted earlier, Omni was a significant contributor to earnings in this quarter. We also note in the press release that Engineered Bar Products -- well, I should mention the Flat Roll division and Engineered Bar Products continue to operate essentially at full capacity and were significant breadwinners inside the gates of the Steel family, if you will. We are, though, planning to have a 10-day outage at Bar Products in April. And although we make the statement that we do not believe this will meaningfully impact second quarter volumes, it will have some impact on their earnings in the second quarter, because in the month they take that outage they will not spin off, against standard, as positive a variance as they had been averaging the past 3 months. So it will have some impact on the month of April but after that, everything should be working very smoothly again, if not even better. So we're very pleased there. As we noted, there's strength in many of the sectors that we serve. Strength in automotive, transportation, energy, industrial, agricultural, construction equipment, but there's not -- unfortunately all that great momentum has, with regard -- nonresidential construction products of the nonresidential construction market as they remain fairly weak. Although I would call to your attention, on one of the pages where we report volume, that the Structural and Rail division's volume year-over-year increased by 23% and quarter-over-quarter increased by 22%. So we are making some progress and right now, the Structural division has one of the largest backlogs it's had in some time. Nowhere near approaching the backlogs we had in 2008 but certainly marching in the right direction.  You'll probably also note, as you look at that page, that the volumes were down at our Flat Roll division somewhat quarter-over-quarter -- They were up quarter-over-quarter, I guess, but down as you compare it to the 3 months ended in 2010. We were impacted slightly this quarter by the weather. And in early February this year, a very bad wind and ice storm came through the upper Midwest and caused some significant damage to our static bar systems, which are under repair as we speak today, yet we are not impacted any longer with volume issues. But initially, when that occurred, certainly it turned out the lights at Butler, and it took us a few days, you might say, to get the lights back on and still be up and running. So we did lose some production in February, which probably impacted the quarter slightly. But wanted to note there will be an outage at Engineered Bar Products in April. As it regards Mesabi Nugget, we talked quite a bit about that in our opening comments on the first page. And I think one of the things that's significant to know is that Nugget has been running better. And in April, keep our fingers crossed, it's -- so far it's running at about a 20,000 ton production and shipping rate, which for most of you that follow it statistically would represent 50% of its capacity or capability. So certainly nice progress, I think, is being made at Nugget today. Iron Dynamics, by the way, continues to perform very well and provides anywhere from 17,000 to 20,000 tons of liquid iron to our steel banking operations in Butler each and every month. And so very smooth running operation that has been in the black for some time and making a very positive contribution to the bottom line. As it regards Fabrication, we might say a few words about that. The operating loss was $3 million, but there were a lot of renovation work that was going on at the acquired facilities. The facilities we acquired from Commercial Metals that might have moved that needle more towards a breakeven had we not been involved in renovating those facilities. There was an impact there, but it certainly -- as we look ahead, we still see some strength out there. We think the economy is still going to move forward throughout the year 2011, 2012 and beyond and I think that the utilization rates from the industry will continue to surge forward. They're not going to get back to 100% tomorrow morning, but they're going to continue to improve, and the drivers there, as I said earlier, are really automotive, transportation, energy, industrial, agriculture and construction equipment. I would note that pricing in the Flat Roll sector has moved off of the $900 level and is in the mid-8s. And I think there's been a lot written about that. That's been talked about. But we should also realize that the margins that we achieved were just being achieved, and we had not yet really achieved margins that will be reflective of a $900 selling value, but we hadn't really seen that yet. So I don't think it's any big surprise that the market has tempered itself a little bit. If they have more future movement in it, but right now it's paused in the mid-8s, and there's good likelihood as the economy continues to grow that, that could move forward somewhat. As it regards scrap, I don't know that anybody has a crystal ball. There's been a lot written about that. Mark will have a few comments because Mark's going to not only continue to -- well, he will continue to report on the Ferrous Resources segment of our business, but certainly welcome him to make a few comments as the new COO of the company. But as it regards scrap, again, there's a variety of opinions out there anywhere from 0 to down 40. I suspect the market's going be off somewhat, and it may well be off in the cut grades a little more than it is in the prime grades. But I think it -- for May delivery that is, it's probably too early to make that call. So that really concludes my comments. The company had a, I think, a terrific quarter. It's going to have another solid quarter, and we will define that for you in June as we have been in the habit of doing. So at this point in time, I'd like to turn it over to Mark for his comments and have him report on the Resource segment of our company.
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks, Steve, I appreciate that. Relative to OmniSource, despite difficult weather conditions which tended to pressure scrap flow in the quarter, I think our strategy, as implemented by the OmniSource recycling teams, to increase both the retail and industrial scrap flow have shown a lot of success. These initiatives, coupled with continued recovery in the metals sector, resulted in a near-record shipment level for ferrous scrap and a record level for nonferrous scrap. I think when you consider -- I think it is an excellent volume performance when you consider an economy that is far from recovery, and it's a reflection, I do believe, of the advantages of a steel company and a recycle company combining together.  The quarter, ferrous shipments increased 23% over Q4 to about 1.5 million metric tons. Further enhancements have been made to several of our shredder operations, along with feeder yard additions to further increase volume capability to assure a secure, consistent scrap supply, not only to our own mills, but also to our other customers. As stated, non-ferrous shipments were very, very strong. Volume gain has been seen in all metals. For aluminum, they remained strong in both volume and pricing, a result of strength in all areas of aluminum consumption, secondary mills or positive pressure with auto build pickup. Extrusion billet mills are running very, very strong and with strong buyers. This extrusion scrap remains in short supply, and aluminum sheet mills were recently busy also. Stainless had a great month. Mill's demand was pretty strong, although the bull market seems to have lost steam little bit. Demand for copper was also good as consumers took advantage of a market dip, particularly midmonth, and bought considerable amount of metal. So volumes flowed extremely well. Collectively, nonferrous shipments increased from 230 million pounds to 287 million pounds, a 20% gain quarter-over-quarter. Great job by the nonferrous teams. The increased volumes and associated with improved margin, particularly in nonferrous, drove an operating profit of $49 million. This was our best quarter since the fall of 2008 and well above the $9 million operating profit we experienced last quarter. In the nonferrous arena, we did recently announce a partnership with LaFarga Group. It's a copper-metals company located near Barcelona, Spain. We will hold 55% ownership, and they 45%. And our intent is to construct the semi-finished copper rod mill having an annualized capacity of about 180 million pounds of copper rod for sale into the electrical cable industry. Subject to environmental permitting, construction of the $40 million facility should commence by this summer. The technology developed by LaFarga, and also Italian equipment supplier Continuous Perpertsy [ph], allows the refinement of number 2 copper scrap into electrical-grade metal, which is subsequently continuously cast and rolled into high-quality rod suitable for drawing down to very, very fine electrical wire.  Some 20-plus plants are operating worldwide, utilizing this equipment and their refinement process, but currently none operate in the U.S. based on scrap. I think the partnership essentially leverages OmniSource's broad supply base for number 2 copper scrap, providing a dense, green, value-added opportunity by reducing our dependence on foreign markets, particularly China. Today, there are very, very few outlets to number 2 scrap domestically. Most of the kit's exported. As Keith suggested, Iron Dynamics continues to operate quite smoothly. It shipped a record 55,000 metric tons of liquid pig iron, in addition to 6,000 metric tons of HBI to the Butler sheet mill. The combination of improving cost structure and a rise in pig iron market allowed them to make an operating profit of $11.4 million for the quarter. The strong production level at IDI, combined with metrics coming down from Minnesota, has allowed us to be self-sufficient in our iron needs today.  At Mesabi Nugget, we resumed continuous operations in January and it's showed considerable improvement since, shipping 36,000 metric tons for the quarter as compared to 18,000 tons in Q4 of last year. Each successive month through the quarter showed improvement, 17,600 metric tons being shipped in March. The recent installation of redundant conveying systems has provided much greater reliability. At 90% feed-on time to the rotary-hearth furnace was achieved during the first 10 days of April with uninterrupted feed recurring for 6 of those days. So uptime of the equipment is dramatically improved. Further equipment improvements are planned to be installed in July. In the meantime, the team is focused on process improvements to bring the feed rate up to capacity. For the quarter, start-up losses negatively impacted our pretax earnings by $11 million. I think the second quarter should show improvement, given improved volumes somewhat offset a little with our higher cost break [ph] costs, but perhaps a $9 million loss for the quarter. And from an operational perspective, we would hope to break even on a monthly basis in the second half of this year. Regarding the southern mining, we are continuing the permitting process. It's slow but ongoing, and we're having constructive conversation with the agencies and also the tribal organizations up there. Thank you. Dick?
Richard Teets: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to add a few additional, brief comments to what's been expressed by Keith and in the press release about each of the Steel operations. Our Flat Roll division in Butler and Jeffersonville has earned their best ranking ever for quality, service and on-time delivery from an independent industry survey. Congratulations to the entire Flat Roll team for the focus applied to these metrics. In the first quarter of the year, the Butler plant operated basically full capacity, achieving their third-highest production quarter in the history, in spite of the fact that, as Keith stated, they had to curtail metal production at the beginning of February and on a limited basis throughout the balance of the quarter.  Also, the quarter was our second-best shipping quarter ever. Again, congratulations for a fabulous job done by all in the division. We're talking about flat products that we added to Techs, operated during the quarter at 85% to 90% capacity. This slightly lower operating range is due to the historical concentration in the construction industry by those lines. Our shipments were negatively impacted, slightly, at the end of the quarter, by truck availability, and this has been noticed at other divisions also.  At the Structural and Rail division, our focus in rail production, welding and shipments has continued to be their priority. They achieved over 30,000 tons of rail shipments in the quarter, continued to expand their list of satisfied customers. Also enlarged, they had the best wide-flange production and shipping months since December of 2008. This is still far below historical numbers, but continuing to focus our product availability and service has been their mission and appears to be paying dividends. At Pittsboro, the sales order rate continues to be basically incredible. The current lead time for most as-rolled bars is December and the 2012 order book has been opened. The strength of the backlog has allowed for improved scheduling, and as a result was the best first quarter production and the second-best shipping quarter ever. We are currently in our annual maintenance outage in Pittsboro and will aim to minimize the impact on our production and shipments. Some of the projects included a major reheat furnace rebuild, a roughing mill gearbox replacement and de-bottlenecking of the bundling area. The Roanoke Bar division, like the Structural and Rail division, continues to be hampered by the lack of construction activities. They operated at a capacity utilization rate of approximately 90% in both the melting and rolling departments. They took their annual maintenance shutdown at the end of March and through the beginning of April and had no increase due to SDI employees or contractors. Congratulations to Roanoke team for these efforts and the resulting performance. In Huntington, Steel of West Virginia's core transportation markets, including truck, trailer and port-truck industries, continue to improve. Total tons shipped increased quarter-over-quarter by 16.7%. This was made possible by the team's efforts and capital improvements. Melt shop production in the quarter increased by 6% over the 2010 annual tons per hour rate, as did production in both rolling mills by at least that amount, a great job by all. And lastly, I'd like to point out that on April 11, we recognized the fifth anniversary of the addition of Roanoke and Steel of West Virginia to the SDI family and continue to be excited about their accomplishments and the possibilities at both divisions.
Keith Busse: Before we get to Gary, Dick, I might note that Steel of West Virginia's operating rate has dramatically increased. It was up 30-some percent, operating very well with full capacity. And as you commented on Pittsboro, under the guidance of, early on, Glenn Pushis, and certainly the management team under Barry Schneider -- you all might remember that in the early days of Qualitech, that mill struggled to achieve 20% of its capacity and has now achieved 125% of its capacity. An extraordinary achievement by that team, so great job. Gary?
Gary Heasley: Thanks, Keith. For the first quarter, production of joist was up 58% over the first quarter of 2010. Deck was up 68% from the first quarter of 2010, reflecting a slight improvement in demand and New Millennium's increased market share. Doweling [ph] values also improved, dealing better spreads over first quarter of '10. Spreads tightened a bit from Q4 of 2010 and steel cost increases outpaced price increases during the first quarter. Our joist backlog was up 24% and our deck backlog is up 12% from the end of 2010, and March was our best month for order inquiry since 2008. Given the scope of the reconstruction that we've been doing, and then the sort of the reconfigurations of the company and the industry, we continue to look at operating results for the 3 operating units separate from some of the construction costs. In the fourth quarter, the 3 operating units generated a positive operating income, given that there's tightened spreads in the first quarter. The 3 operating units generated a $23,000 operating loss. Not a significant loss, but nonetheless you want to turn those numbers back to black. Through the quarter we completed dismantling 4 former CMC joint facilities in 2 months -- 2 New Millennium facilities. That was done in March. Those costs are now behind us and should help with earnings going forward. We continue to ramp up the joist plant in Juarez, taking advantage of its aggressive cost structure and its good location in terms of servicing the West and Southwest markets. We have small crews in place in the plants we acquired in Arkansas and Nevada, and those plants are being reconfigured with equipment that we relocated from the 6 plants we dismantled in the first quarter, and then Arkansas and Nevada will then re-start as demand grows. And as we further penetrate the Western and Southwestern markets we could not particularly serve.  As of March 31, then, we have eliminated about 230,000 tons of joist capacity, with about 95,000 tons of capacity offline, which, as I said, we'll restart as demand grows as we further penetrate those 2 markets. As a result of the elimination of this capacity and the slight improvement in demand, industry capacity is now more aligned with demand, and we think we're positioned very well to increase that capacity as demand grows, and the whole group is now in a much better positioned than it was prior to the economic crisis. So things are looking much better, Keith, and we'll continue to move forward.
Keith Busse: Thank you. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, both our gross margin percentage and our operating income margin increased 6% in comparison to the sequential quarter, and also improved off the very strong quarter of first quarter of 2010 as well. The overall increase primarily resulted from both increased volumes and metal spreads for our Steel Operations and our Mills Recycling operation. The financial performance of our nonferrous operations were impacted by a change in our non-cash unrealized mark-to-market adjustment. In the first quarter, we recognized an unrealized gain of $9.5 million or about $0.03 per share as compared to the fourth quarter of last year, which we had a $6.9 million loss.  Cash flows from operations were substantially used for working capital purposes during both the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first quarter of 2011. Other operating activity increased with better demand. We believe our working capital position is currently sufficient and we don't expect a meaningful use of funds in the near-term. During the first quarter, our cash reserves decreased $26 million as working capital increased $240 million, most significantly in accounts receivable as both volumes and products pricing rose during the quarter. Most notably, these increases were at the Flat Roll division, because of their increased operational activity, and at OmniSource. The quality of our receivables remains very strong in terms of days outstanding. And as in terms of our accounts aging, all accounts are actually under 60 days, which I'm not sure that we've been at that point before. Inventory increases of $72 million were primarily related to increased costs at our ferrous materials versus meaningful volume increases, and that was in our Steel Operations as well. Availability on our revolver was $908 million at the end of March and our liquidity remained very strong at $1.1 billion. We remain well within compliance of our financial covenant. Our ratio of total debt to trailing EBITDA improved during the quarter to a current level of 3.4x. Our first-lien leverage improved to 0.02x and our interest coverage is at 4.1x.  During the first quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $19 million and depreciation was $44 million. Our current outlook regarding capital expenditures for the remainder of the year is in the range of $155 million to $180 million. These investments are currently expected to be made fairly evenly throughout the year, and depreciation for 2011 is expected to be in the range of $200 million. Gross interest expense was $43.7 million in the quarter, with an effective interest rate of 7.3%. This is a slight decrease over gross interest in the fourth quarter of 2010, and was related to a prepayment of just over $7 million of a municipal bond, and also due to conversion of a portion of Mesabi Nugget's debt from debt to equity by the partners.  At March 31, we had 218.3 million shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, the converts remain outstanding at 16.4 million shares and we had 6.7 million shares of outstanding stock options. Our current estimates for the second quarter dilutive share count would be between 236.5 million and 237 million shares. Finally, I know there are several of you that like to track the detail of our Flat Roll shipments, so for the first quarter, the Flat Roll division shipped 314,000 tons of hot-rolled coils, 85,000 tons of P&L [ph], 48,000 tons of cold rolls, 95,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 52,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 88,000 tons of painted product and finally, 28,000 tons of Galvalume. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. Carla, I think it's time to open up the airways to the Q&A piece of the presentation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michelle Applebaum with Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Second thing I wanted to ask about, the flat-rolled mill, and you might say, "What flat-rolled mill?" but the flat-rolled mill you were going to talk about at your board meeting in February and I want to see where that stands. Anything to say on that?
Keith Busse: Well, I think the engineering phase is -- we've pretty much worked our way through it. I think the team's done a very good job of analyzing market opportunities and reporting on any potential impact on current businesses that we operate, which I think we've concluded the impact would be de minimis. I think the larger question probably revolves around the healing economy and timing. I think, certainly, there's a good opportunity and we will be discussing it at the next board meeting. I can't guarantee anybody that we'll have anything more to report, but then again we might. But I think the team is very positively predisposed about moving forward with the growth plans at Steel Dynamics, and I think one of the things that I read about a lot recently over the air was the steel sector is being beat up a little bit because it wasn't perceived that it could or would grow. Certainly that's not the case at Steel Dynamics and our plans. We are a growth company. Our plans are to grow. We think there's a good opportunity there, certainly in an economy that gains a head of steam, so there may be more to report on later, Michelle, but nothing new right now.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay on that. Would you contemplate doing this on a joint-venture basis for obvious risk-sharing purposes? Is that something you're looking at actively?
Keith Busse: It's not something we're looking at actively. I would never say that, that would be out of the question and consideration, but it is not something we're currently pursuing.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: And remind me again what you were saying in terms of tonnage.
Keith Busse: Well, the mill would probably have a capability of about 1.7 million. It would certainly have a broader array or product portfolio than Butler. We would not focus as much on ultra-light-gauge material, and would have more of a focus on heavy, wall-thickness material that might be of great value to the pipe and tube-making community, would be one of the target markets. But with the application of active de-gassing and introduction of more iron and a tandem mill, certainly it opens up a whole, broad array of market opportunities to the company that we currently don't have an opportunity to look at or quote today. So I think in terms of the value-added chain, it gives the company a very broad opportunity to quote markets today and value added -- and again, that we can't quote. So a lot of positives about this mill. It would certainly have the potential of putting us in the light plate business, but not the heavy plate business. But again, our focus would be on downstream, and our focus would be on rates like x60, x70, and think Dick and his team are even looking at perhaps x80. So we'd have a pretty broad array of product capability.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, that sounds great. I have about 3 more but I'll go back into the queue.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take a question from Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Keith, just have a question on your comments on non-res construction, and also your comment on the rising backlog on the structural beam business. If you think about the non-res part of your business, how much is it off, say today versus 2005 to 2007 period? Would you say it's down more than 50%?
Keith Busse: I would say it is, Michael, down more than 50%. Some of that backlog we have that's certainly a brighter position to be in than where we were is related to our successes in rail and welded rail. Probably 40% of our backlog today, somewhere in that neighborhood, 35% to 40% is dedicated to rail. And certainly, we're introducing other products such as large channels and things like that. But wide-flange is still off markedly, although improving. And when your backlog is that low, to be up 20% is not a great feat. I mean if you have a 40,000 ton backlog, 20% is 8,000 tons or 48 by examples. So. therefore, the backlogs are up. The good news is they are up. Momentum is okay, but I think from everything we see here read, it would still suggest that 2011 is going to be a tough year in non-res, maybe improving into 2012 with certainly a lot better future forecasting -- however solid the forecasting, that remains a question mark. But by the time you get to '13, '14 -- the years '13 and '14, a lot better picture emerges for a wide variety of reasons but right now, the non-res market is still fairly weak. But I would -- I'm pleased to report that Columbia City is making money at these ultra -low operating rates, and that is with a full allocation of costs such as interest load, depreciation, things like that. It is a fully loaded cost structure and they're in the black, and that's a very positive thing.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Would you say your non-res-related businesses span more than 50% from that '05 to '07 period?
Keith Busse: I would say it is.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I mean, I was talking to a big distributor of non-res steels recently. He was saying that they were looking at it down 70% to 75% actually from that '05 to '07. So as long as -- like you're saying, as long as things aren't getting worse and actually improving a little bit off of the base, it's pretty positive. One last question, can you give us kind of a...
Keith Busse: I would tell you that Dick Teets shook his head. I looked at him. He believes he's down more than -- whether it's 70% or not, that may be starting to stretch it at 75%, certainly down 60%, 65%. Down 2/3.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just one last question. Can you just give us, kind, of your feelings on imported material, what you're looking at for imports are at going forward?
Keith Busse: Well, as it relates to construction products, specifically beams, it's not been a major factor in a rather depressed market. I don't know the global opportunities are much better so everybody's probably in the same boat, if you will, and most of the wide-flange beams are out in the world remain electrically. And given the cost of raw materials here and abroad with the conversion costs, it's certainly not in other producers' best interests or the best interest of their bottom line to bring those goods here, right? They clearly stood -- dynamics in a new core of low-cost global producers of wide-flange beams. I believe they are -- be very tough. So we're not seeing a lot of activity from abroad in wide-flange product at this point in time. Obviously imports have been up a little bit recently in flat-roll and other arenas, probably due to the weakness of the dollar and better economic opportunities that may be here as opposed to, any given point in time, elsewhere in the global universe. But they're not up that dramatically. We're not -- I wouldn't tell you, today, we're being radically threatened by imports, but all of us keep a very diligent eye on those initiatives every day of the week.
Michael Gambardella - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks a lot, Keith.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And now we'll hear from Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you. I have a question on the copper rod mill, Mark. We heard 80 million pounds. Would you be a buyer of scrap for that? Or do you collect that much copper scrap that you can source it internally?
Mark Millett: We have the ability to provide that through our own flow currently. However, we would anticipate making moves and expanding our volumes there.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But you do collect more than -- around that kind of copper scrap at the moment?
Mark Millett: Yes.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Keith, have you seen any impact or any initial impact on you from customers about the Sparrows Point opening? Are the markets selling it or offering the -- and are they cutting any prices?
Keith Busse: Well, I've heard that they're looking at mid-June delivery on the Sparrows, potentially, is what I hear. I think it's going to have relatively little impact directly on the second quarter, but if that reality is reached in that timeframe, it may be a more significant note in the second quarter, whatever that might be. But if the economy continues to move forward, I don't want to say it's going to go unnoticed, but it may not be as much of a factor and a ramp up as some people are anticipating.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And last question. How has the order flow been if you go month-over-month? I mean, the service center shipment data shows that January was extremely good, February a little down and then March data came out today, again up. Have you been following the same pattern? And how does April shaping up so far?
Keith Busse: Well the -- historically, usually the third month of the quarter is always seemingly our strongest shipping month, so we would have followed that pattern, but order entry has not been as frenzied as it was. Backlogs have remained about the same, out 4 or 5 weeks. We don't generally let them -- we either attempt to control it or the market flow rates slows and it controls itself. But the order entry rate has not been bad. We're not at all worried that we're not going to build. I think we're going to be able to operate, from a Flat Roll perspective, at capacity through the quarter. We're not into June yet. Having said that, I guess the world could change but I don't see -- especially if we could put some of the interruptions of flow of materials from Japan behind us and continue to help our economy surge forward, we may not see a very big impact to the second quarter. But right now we're anticipating that we're going to get through. Based on rate of order entry we see, we're going to get through the second quarter without any hiccups on Flat Roll. I think volumes at our Structure division continue to slightly improve and, therefore, they shouldn't operate in any lesser of a rate in the second quarter, perhaps even stronger rate in the second quarter. Engineered Bar, our SBQ division. Shipments will be off slightly and, like I said, their earnings might be off slightly due to the outage but not significantly. So there might be a small volume decline there related to their outage only. As you heard Dick already testifying, we're clear out into December if you let everybody place those orders. We tend to control that, too, but we put them into queue, if you will, out that far. Price yet to be determined, obviously. Still, West Virginia is very strong. Backlogs had approved at Roanoke and continue to remain in about the same operating arena as they have been for many, many months. So overall, probably not a lot of volumetric change in Q2 is anticipated.
Operator: And now we'll go to KeyBanc Capital Markets' Mark Parr.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Thanks very much. One thing, Keith, I had a question, or Mark, the outage you're taking at Pittsboro is -- could you give a little more color on that? And any -- given the really strong backlog momentum -- I know even Timken has recently announced a capacity upgrade to its steel operations. Are you looking to add more capacity out of Pittsboro? Or, I mean, what are you trying to get with this outage?
Richard Teets: The outage is driven by maintenance requirements. It's our annual outage. As I said, some of the things that we're probably -- the melt shop is already done and it's started back up and we're building inventory at Boons [ph], which was actually a little bit of an issue in the first quarter because we were running tight hand-to-mouth, and that didn't give them as much flexibility in scheduling the mill as they would like. From a rolling perspective we had a cracked year in number - in the roughing mill. And our expansion of the 2 extra stands that are going in as we speak -- one of the gearboxes was an identical gear set with same ratios and so it was an opportune time to make the switch out, and that'll delay slightly the opportunity to utilize the expanded -- rolling those stands. But it was a requirement for maintenance purposes. And we also had some brick work that was worse than we had expected. Once we got in and the furnace cooled off, the reheat furnace, and so that's what we're currently finishing up. I would tell you that, as I mentioned, we are, from a capital perspective, improving the throughput at the rolling mill by de-bottlenecking in the bundling area, so some improvements going on there. And we continue to look at other capital projects both during the outage and in the future to increase throughput, but we're going to try to minimize and make some pickups through the second quarter and onward, based on what we've accomplished in this maintenance outage.
Keith Busse: Mark, Barry and his team, as I dubbed earlier, has done a very good job on an annualized basis: 600,000, 625,000 tons of capability at that mill now, and they should be running a little better with these improvements. I think the ultimate goal is to get up over 700,000 tons. How fast can we get there is anybody's guess.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. I had another question on the Flat Roll business. Was looking at the MSCI data from March that came out today, looks like inventory levels year-to-date -- kind of looking at January, February March, there's very little change. Industry, at least the service center industry continues to do, at least on the surface, what looks like an excellent job of managing inventories and relative to shipments. And Keith, I was just curious, and maybe, Dick, you may have some comments on this. You think the Flat Roll market in the U.S. right now is running pretty flat out? I mean, are the service center is really doing that good of a job of controlling inventories? Or is it just hard to find incremental tons to put on the shelf, given the current capacity constraints in the U.S. market?
Keith Busse: Well, Mark, there's some capacity still offline that hasn't returned, so flat-out is kind of a tough thing to get your arms around for the capacity that's out there. I can't speak for everyone. We're certainly running at capacity there. The news about the service center inventory is actually good news. They're doing a good job of managing those inventories which, I think, it bodes well for a continuing positive rate of steady order entry. The pauses we see are sometimes related to, "Oops, what's going to happen to scrap?" If it's going to backup at all, you get into these wait-and-see things that tend not to last all too long, and then you're back with your pencil in hand writing orders. So we're not at all alarmed about the rate of order entry. As I said, expect to get through the second quarter at capacity.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that color.
Operator: And now we'll open the floor up to Dave Katz with JPMorgan.
David Katz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Coming back to your comment on pricing and what you were just talking about with capacity. With some capacity still offline and with the expectation that you guys at least will be able to run them through the quarter at capacity, how do you balance that into Y pricing? And has it been moving down a little bit over the last couple of months? And in terms of what you see pricing perhaps doing over the next couple of months.
Keith Busse: Well, I think a lot of that was related to where resource cost's going and sometimes people get a little bit ahead of themselves and there are these periods of pause. But I think with scrap remaining in the same vicinity, whether it went up a little bit recently, probably going to go down a little bit recently. There could have been a little pause in buying, but I don't know that any of it's related to concerns about the economy regressing. Maybe some concerns about the amount of supply needed, relative to certain market sectors where there could be an interruption in supply from Japan of electronic component. If you're missing a gizmo or 2 for the dash, the dash doesn't get assembled. If the dash doesn't get assembled, the car doesn't get assembled, so. To watch that Japan has slowed economic activity temporarily, I don't know, but I think that will be short-lived as well, if it's having any impact at all.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Brett Levy from Jefferies & Company.
David Olkovetsky: It's actually David Olkovetsky for Brett. You spoke about a 20,000-ton per month operating rate at the Mesabi Nugget, which is obviously substantially better than where it had been last year. Can we extrapolate that into a 200,000 to 250,000-ton shipment rate this year? And how soon do you think until you get to that 500,000-ton capacity?
Keith Busse: Well, I don't think you can extrapolate it. It's one piece of good news. It's a data point on the chart and when we report on the second quarter, I hope to be able to tell you that they operated at 20, 20 and 20, or 60, and then you could multiply that by 4 and have a little bit more comfort in 200,000 tons. But right now, it's a little too early to say that.
Mark Millett: Yes, I think you should just take it as a huge sort of a confidence boost in the process of the technology and also the team-up there. We do have an outage plan in July for some more equipment modifications, which will hopefully jumpstart the productivity, yet again, midsummer.
Keith Busse: I think we'd all feel pretty good if by -- after the equipment modifications and by the fourth quarter we're operating at 3/4 speed. I think that would be a fairly good progress made within a 12-month period.
David Olkovetsky: And then within the Rail segment, you shipped 31,000 tons this quarter, which is the best you've ever done. What are your goals for 2011 in terms of shipments? And can you also speak a little bit about the head-hardening technology and any progress that you're making there?
Richard Teets: Well, again, if you multiply 30,000 by 4, 120,000 would be an all-time high. We had on our target between 150,000 and 180,000 at different times we've had our models. A lot of it has to do with the acceptance of our welded-rail products. We just added another crew to rail welding, because we have approved a $70 million expansion for de-bottlenecking the finishing area of the rail that occurs and comes into play when you're cutting shorts, 80-footers and 39-, 40-footers. And so the more welded rail that we are getting accepted the better. The throughput will be on the same number of hours of production that we've allotted. As far as head-hardening, that's one of the missions of the organization over there. But I'd like to point out that our standard rail is being used in a high-speed application that, again, depends on what the ultimate rail owner has in mind for the rail application, whether it'd be a coal line that's being on a grade or through a curved area that is also being used by high-speed application. Then you would have high -- head-hardened requirements. But on minimal-grade requirements and on straight-line client runs, a standard product is more than acceptable. So, we're working on it. We have technologies under review, but we're not banking on a head-hardened product to be a short-term opportunity. We're looking at that from a long-term perspective.
Operator: And now we'll go to Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: I'd like to talk a bit about the SBQ bar market, because my understanding is that, that's mostly -- at least, industry-wide, an automotive market, yet your business is a lot stronger and even the improvement we are hearing about in automotive and especially with the earthquake and all that. Where are you selling most of yours?
Keith Busse: Large bars go into transportation here versus -- well, it doesn't have to be an automobile. It could be the class A vehicle universe. But large bars also go into yellow iron, into forgings. We're pretty big, I think, in the forging market.
Richard Teets: Chuck, I would tell you that we've had a great reception and expansion of -- across the board. I would say that automotive off-road applications, energy sector -- we really have a very unique and balanced order backlog and we are capitalizing on that.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Can you  [Audio Gap]  a little bit about the automotive side. I know it's not one of your key businesses, but we keep seeing, day-by-day, an announcement from one producer or another that they're going to slow down production. And that has to have some impacts rolling through the system that maybe somebody else who might have sold auto grade suddenly goes after the service centers, which is typically what's happened in the past. Are you seeing any of that kind of activity yet?
Richard Teets: We have not experienced any order cancellation or reduction in targets by our customers. We are attentive to it, but I can tell you that we have not seen that as of yet.
Keith Busse: And I think GM and Ford and Chrysler are a little less impacted than some of the transplants, perhaps, are impacted by the Japanese crisis.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Mark Parr with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: One thing just as a point of clarification, Keith. I wasn't sure when you were talking about the anticipated profit progression for Mesabi in '11 -- did you say you thought you could reach a breakeven level at some point during the second half? Or were you thinking maybe breakeven was achievable for the entire second half? Could you just state again what you said so I can get a clarification?
Keith Busse: I don't think we said anything about, in this call, our breakeven. But I think Mark has said he'd be pleased if later in the year, definition that likely being the fourth quarter, that we could get to a breakeven.
Mark Millett: We'd be very disappointed if we didn't, Mark, to be honest, on a monthly basis.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Keith Busse: And Mark, that would be progressive. I mean, you're going to do better, hopefully, each quarter, but it doesn't mean the fourth quarter necessarily would be a break even. But you might achieve a month or so in there that is, which should be great news. And maybe have a break-even quarters. It's really too far out to tell.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. However, I would like to give another final opportunity. [Operator Instructions]
Keith Busse: Well, Carla, we thank you, and we thank everyone for your continued interest in the company and its progress. And it really does feel good to have a nice, solid quarter under our belt. Thank you for all of your support. We look forward to speaking with you in the June time frame or July time frame. Thanks. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Busse - Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Iron Dynamics Inc, President of Iron Dynamics Inc and Director of Iron Dynamics Inc Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Business Development and President of New Millennium Building Systems Mark Millett - Co-Founder, Executive Vice President, Executive Director, President of OmniSource Corporation, Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation and Director of Iron Dynamics Richard Teets - Co-Founder, President of Steel Operations, Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations Theresa Wagler - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary
Analysts: Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank Anthony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Charles Bradford - Bradford Research Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc David Katz - CIBC World Markets Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corp.; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics, Inc.; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Keith Busse. Please go ahead, sir.
Keith Busse: Actually, Melissa, we're going to turn it over to Mr. Warner.
Fred Warner: Thank you, Keith. Welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Conference Call. The call is being webcast live January 24, 2011, from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you'll be able to replay the call from our website or download the call as a podcast. During today's call, our management will be making some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which, by their nature, are predictive and are not statements of historical facts, are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that are made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions; governmental, monetary and fiscal policy; industrial production levels; changes in market supply and demand for our products; foreign imports; conditions in the credit markets; the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials; equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Now we'll start today's discussion with comments from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It is again a pleasure to be with you and to comment on our fourth quarter and yearly results in 2010. As you can see, we had net income in the fourth quarter of $8 million or $0.04 a share. And for the year, $141 million or $0.64 a share. Obviously, it's a fairly significant positive change from the loss suffered in the year '09, which was a small loss of about $8 million and about $0.04 per diluted share on the year. I think one of the things I'd like to note is that our net sales in '09 were $4 billion, and they climbed this year to $6.3 billion and not quite '08s $8 billion, but given all the growth projects we have in the hopper and the fact that the markets are returning to some semblance of normalcy, I would expect our sales next year to probably get up to the $8 billion level in the year 2011.  So as it would regard our earnings, I think it's so noted that our earnings were $0.04; that included an impairment charge of $0.03 related to the company's write-off certain fabricating assets, which were necessitated by the acquisition of commercial metals fabrication operations and the fact that we would no longer operate in the future these assets, certainly in a fabricating vein. I might also note that during the quarter, we had some substantial unrealized gains in nonferrous and that our unrealized losses in OmniSource during the fourth quarter, which amounted to probably, after-tax, approximately $0.02 a share. So when you add back the impairment to the $0.04, as most of you have realized from all the commentary, I think it was fairly posited this morning that SDI was midrange in between the $0.05 and $0.10 that we had early on predicted. And if you take into consideration the unrealized hedging losses, which should come back to the company in the first quarter, we were probably closer to $0.09. So almost at the top of the range, if you will.  Early in the quarter, our flat-rolled operations really did suffer from low volume in pricing. However, beginning early in November, order entry, I might say dramatically increased and was quickly followed by significant price increases related in part to increased scrap costs. I might also note that the Steel Operations did achieve an operating income of $91 million, which is 4% greater than the third quarter results in that segment. As of regard, OmniSource and its results, they were fairly weak in the fourth quarter. As I said earlier, impacted by unrealized hedging losses, but we are expecting OmniSource will have a fairly good first quarter. And for that matter, right now, we think it's going to have a pretty positive year overall. So we're pleased about the direction we're headed there. Our margins are greater at this point in time. I think that they have been at any time in our recent history. And for that matter, at any time in OmniSource's most recent history.  I'd note that the average external steel selling price for the fourth quarter decreased $29 a ton from the third quarter average of $782 but increased $67 a ton from the fourth quarter of '09's average of $686. And as so noted, the fourth quarter's average ferrous scrap costs per ton charge was unchanged from the third quarter.  At the bottom of Page 1 of our release, we talk about the fact that steel shipments were 5.3 million tons, not quite the 6 million-ton level of '08 again, but we'll certainly get there, we think, this year, this year being 2011. And we're not quite back to the $7 million. And as far as Omni goes, we're not quite back to the 7 million tons of capability we have there, but the volume is growing; if you annualize the 1.2 million tons of ferrous shipments in the fourth quarter, that annualizes to nearly 5 million tons. And I think we'll see even higher volume pass through Omni in 2011. The company's Iron Dynamics facility paid money in the fourth quarter. Mesabi Nugget again was impacted with a pretax loss of earnings of about $13 million or after-tax of about $0.04 a share. I'm going to let Mark comment certainly more extensively on Nugget, but we had a planned outage to repair some issues that were giving us grief late fourth quarter. And then even later in the fourth quarter, we were impacted by another sort of unplanned outage to repair another issue. I think we have almost all the issues, I would tell you, behind us this at this point in time, and probably the outlook going forward is fairly positive. We will still have losses in the early part of 2011, but we should reach a break-even, the way it's being forecast now, by midyear, certainly third quarter-ish, if you will. So I think things are finally going in the right direction. It is an awesome technology, and we think it will deliver on its promises as we walk forward.  Looking ahead to 2011, we think the outlook is very favorable. We expect slow but continual improvement in the U.S. economy, and we could see increased volumes certainly compared to 2010 for both, as I mentioned earlier, our Steel and Metals Recycling operations. Our current expectation is that steel consumption should grow in 2011, the automotive transportation, energy, industrial and agricultural and construction equipment sectors. As noted, residential and nonresidential construction activity is likely now at its bottom. Thus, we expect to see continued soft to very moderate near-term growth and demand in this sector, but nonetheless growth. These trends support an improving operating environment for all of our segments. But as noted, it's difficult to offer a view for the entire year. But I think it's important to note that, given our current activity, we anticipate substantially improved first quarter 2011 earnings for all of our segments compared to the fourth quarter and will, of course, provide quantitative guidance for the quarter in the March time frame.  So those really conclude my specific remarks, and I'd like to turn it over at this time to Dick Teets, allow him to comment on the steel segment operations specifically.
Richard Teets: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to give some additional comments to what was in the press release and with what Keith has mentioned about each of the Steel Operations. 2010, the Flat Roll Division produced over 2,730,000 tons, setting a new annual record by more than 100,000 tons; and shipments of over 2,640,000 tons, setting a new annual record there also by more than 100,000 tons. My congratulations to everyone supporting the Butler operation. The mill is currently running at full capacity with a five- to six-week backlog on both hot-rolled and cold-rolled products. Although there have been some pre-price increased buying, it seems as if the steel is moving through the supply chain. Our service center customers report solid shipping, and some of our construction customers have stepped up their manufacturing activities.  From a pricing perspective, we have a buildup February at the $800 a ton hot-rolled number, and we will be opening a March book above that number. The Techs operated at 77% of capacity for the year with the fourth quarter being the worst at 65%. However, it was a transitional quarter, as December shipments were nearly equal to the total of October and November. In January, the rate continued to improve to 85%, and it appears that the quarter will average around 90% when completed.  Columbia City continues to deal with the weakest of all of our markets. In 2010, they operated approximately at 35% of present capacity. The exciting news is that the sales of our standard-strength rail products finished the year strong. We are selling more of the rail and long-welded lights [ph], and the bottomness in [ph] production of shorter length peices will be reduced with the installation of approximately $18 million worth of finishing equipment.  Pittsboro continues to make the most of a historically large backlog by operating at full capacity. Congratulations to everyone at Pittsboro for setting annual records for tab [ph] tons at 630,000, rolled tons at 575,000 and shipped tons at 570,000 tons for the year. Increased rolling rates are expected in 2011 when capital prices are completed during the Spring maintenance outage. Bottlenecks in the bundling area, and mill production scheduling optimization are targeted for improvements.  The Roanoke Bar Division operated the melt shop at 90% of capacity during the fourth quarter and the rolling mill at 83%. Shipments in December were the largest of all the months in 2010 and for the year totaled 505,000 tons. This exceeded the total in 2009 by 41%. Business conditions for bar products and Rebar improved in the fourth quarter, but order entry continues to be adversely impacted by the lack of commercial construction activity.  Steel of West Virginia experienced a great 2010 due to a significant increase in orders for special steel sections serving the OEM markets. Tons shipped in 2010 increased by 16% over '09. The melt shop is running at full capacity, and the mill is being supplemented by Philips [ph] and Roanoke. The number one mill is scheduled 100% of the time, but has been producing fewer tons than historical due to more short runs resulting in increased sub-times [ph]. The number two mill is also scheduled full, and it has been producing at historical tonnages. We're looking for an even better year in 2011 at Steel of West Virginia with expected increase of special sections, the continued improvement in the truck trailer market and process improvements through capital projects. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thanks, Dick. We're going to go to Mark now.
Mark Millett: Just a few comments of color [inaudible] at OmniSource's, ferrous shipments were at 1.2 million gross tons for Q4 down 9% from Q3 as what the contracted flow and inventory was accumulated for the upcoming quarter. The market downtick in October was offset in November and December, allowing ferrous metals spread to increase 16% quarter-over-quarter. Year-over-year, ferrous volumes reflected the recovering steel economy, arose to $5.2 million gross tons, up 43% relative to the $3.6 million gross tons shipped in 2009. Ferrous margin remained fairly flat year-over-year at just 3%. As Keith suggested, steel shipping volumes were still well below our anticipated capability to make 7 million tons.  Home ferrous shipments quarter-over-quarter were down 10% to 230 million pounds, largely due to depressed foreign demand, particularly in copper. The depressed copper market on that demand was certainly not reflected in market pricing as the comex rose 22% through the quarter, clearly demonstrating the dislocation of supply and demand metrics from the market industry and also the growing impact of hedged trading and also exchange-traded funds that require fiscal backing.  Although demand was constrained, our shipments being down 10% from the third quarter, we continued to make opportunistic buys as the spreads expanded to historically high levels. To protect margin, as weve discussed before, we continue to run a flat copper book, whereby all inventory and all forward sales are hedged. As the market price continued to drive upward, the hedged position netted a $6.2 million unrealized loss for the quarter. It should be emphasized that this is a non-cash loss and will be redeemed in the first quarter when the inventory is sold and those positions are unwacked [ph]. For 2010, the cumulative hedging impact was an unrealized loss of only $1.9 million. Unfortunately, the lower non-ferrous volumes, in combination with the unrealized non-cash loss, largely offset a stronger ferrous performance. For the quarter, operating income was $9 million, lower than the $22 million seen in Q3 but more than double that of Q4 2009. Colectively for the year, improved ferrous metal margin, a lower operating cost per ton, along with stronger ferrous and non-ferrous shipments drove a $99 million operating profit, substantially higher than the $57 million recorded in 2009.  Change to Iron Dynamics. The Iron Dynamics team, I believe, had a great quarter. Despite a scheduled six-day maintenance outage, their continued improvement programs led to a record month. They produced the highest volume of DI [ph] ever. In turn, a record 48,000 metric tons of pig iron was shipped along with 7,000 metric tons of HBI. They've also done a tremendous job on the raw material front. Theyve eliminated a dependence on iron ore by consuming 100% recycled mill scale and thus reduced the impact of the inflation iron concentrate markets that we've seen this past year and a market that will continue to rise through this year. As pig iron pricing continues to climb, Iron Dynamics will add significant financial value through 2011 as well as being integral to the great productivity efforts of the Butler sheet mill.  In Mesabi Nugget, shipments were limited to about 18,300 metric tons of iron nuggets through the quarter. And productivity, as Keith suggested, is still being handled by issues related to its pioneering effort. In November, an extended shutdown was taken to replace a small portion of refractory lining. After restart in December, the furnace design did not adequately accommodate the associated hop expansion, and it resulted in a mechanical defamation [ph] of the hop support system. Furnace was subsequently shut back down for repair. I believe the team did a monumental job actually bringing it back into concentricity, and we returned to production last week. They are battling minus-30-, minus-40- degree temperatures, which is something new to us in an operating mode, but they are getting the place back in operation. Some mechanical issues still remain relative to hot, cold grinding in delivery systems, but I think we have those in hand. We are confident of the process itself, and we believe significant progress is going to be made in the very near future. Regarding the mine permit. The permit process is progressing. Discussions with state agencies have been favorable. The target permit date either later this year or early 2012. Keith?
Keith Busse: Again, buying permit late 2011 or certainly no later than early 2012. Thanks, Mark. Gary?
Gary Heasley: Thanks, Keith. Demand for joist and deck products remained roughly the same in 2010 as it had been in 2009, which, as you know, was off from the 2007 peak by more than 50% [ph], and of that, 50% were for its average of the last 10 years. During the fourth quarter, we controlled 12 facilities. There are three that we have operating, one that we are starting up, two that we are reconfigurating and optimizing to be started up soon, two that are idle and four that we are dismantling, relocating equipment and demolishing what's not going to be relocated. When we're finished, we will have six operating facilities, and one facility that will be used to produce other products, products other than joist and deck, and will be available to handle any surge capacity incurring the peak demand that we may see a few years out. For the three operating facilities that we had in the fourth quarter, they generated a modest operating profit for the quarter. Of course, that was offset by the cost of demolition and relocation in the idle finance [ph] et cetera. As these acquired facilities are optimized, they will have more capacity and a lower cost structure than they had in the past, so the three that we're starting up in the West will give us a new footprint, a broader footprint, and they will be more efficient than they have been and they will have additional capacity over and above what the capacity had been under the previous owner. Our sales team is building a backlog for the new plants, and we are going to increase employment and production activity as the backlog justifies hiring new people and the order flow stabilizes. As we look forward to 2011, we expect some modest improvement in nonresidential construction activity, and therefore in demand for joist and deck products. We expect New Millenium to benefit significantly from this new larger footprint, which allows us to serve a new set of customers, a realigned industry and our aggressive cost structure as we move forward into this year. Thank you.
Keith Busse: Thanks, Gary. I wanted to note one slight correction. I talked to Dick about it. He noted in his remarks that February was at $800. I think what he meant to say from backlog perspective, because we filled out February at $800 a ton and are now achieving north of $800 in bookings for March. The average backlog for February will probably be in the $700 range, if you will, because it's pulling forward a lot of $600 kind of numbers in the not too distant past. I think about it, the $700 number was only thrown out there a month or so ago, so it's hard to achieve $700 when it's not even a month old. So I wanted to correct that and didn't want anybody to imply that the order entry is weak. Order entry is actually very, very strong, and we are controlling order entry. And I think its in our financial best interest not to get the cart too far ahead of the horse. So it's a very positive thing from our perspective, certainly not a negative thing. Theresa, would you like to offer up some comments about our finance?
Theresa Wagler: Sure. Good morning, everyone. During 2011, our operating margin improved by almost 3% in comparison to last year and volumes for all of our segments, as discussed, improved significantly. This allows more improved cost compression and operating efficiency. Our fourth quarter performance, as noted, compared to the third quarter results was impacted by decreased operating income from our nonferrous operations, again, primarily relate to the change in non-cash mark-to-market unrealized hedging positions and the impairment charge from our fabrication operations.  During the quarter, our cash reserves decreased $84 million, as our working capital increased $107 million, most significantly in raw material inventory. During 2010, our cash reserves increased $178 million, and working capital requirements were just less than $360 million. We also received tax refunds of $102 million during 2010.  Availability on a revolver was $909 million at the end of the year. Our liquidity remained very strong at $1.1 billion, an improvement of over $400 million compared to the end of 2009. Our ratio of debt to trailing EBITDA improved significantly during the year to a current level of 3.7x. Our first mean leverage is 0.03x and our interest coverage is 3.8x.  During the fourth quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $38 million, not including the $17.6 million purchase of fabrication assets. Depreciation was $43 million, and capitalized interest related to those projects was just less than $1 million.  Full year capital expenditures totaled $133 million with depreciation of $172 million and capitalized interest of $7 million. Our current outlook for 2011 capital expenditures is between $160 million and $200 million, of which $30 million could be spent in the second half of the year but is entirely dependent upon when we receive the mining permit. The current expected allocation of these funds includes 30% to 35% to both the Steel Operations and the Mills Recycling operations, 10% to 20% to our Iron operations; 3% to 5% to fabrication and the remaining to other projects. These investments are currently expected to be spent pretty evenly throughout the year, and our 2011 depreciation is expected to be in the range of $200 million.  Net interest expense during the quarter was slightly higher than the third quarter due to decreased capitalized interest. Gross interest expense was $45.5 million with an effective interest rate of 7.3%. Net interest expense for 2007 was $29 million higher than 2009, of which $14 million was caused by reduced capitalized interest and the remainder was related to increased expense from our March note issuance.  At December 31, we had 217.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, we had 16.4 million shares underlying our convertible notes and 7.4 million outstanding stock options. You probably noticed that our diluted shares for the quarter were lower than typical. We were required to exclude the impact of our convertible notes from both the net income related to the interest add back and the associated 16.4 million shares. For the first quarter, we would expect that not to be the case. So currently, we think our diluted shares will be in the range of 235.5 million to 236 million shares.  Lastly, for those of you who like the breakdown of our flat-rolled shipments. During the fourth quarter, we had hot-rolled shipments of 275,000, pickled and oils of 90,000 tons, cold-rolled at 37,000 tons, hot-rolled galvanized at 92,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized at 66,000 tons, painted products at 72,000 tons, and finally, Galvalume at 17,000 tons.  With that, I'll pass it back to Keith.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. I don't have any other specific comments at this time, Melissa, so we'll open it up to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Timna Tanners from UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to just ask you just general questions on supply and demand, if I could. So starting, I guess, with demand. Any special areas -- I know you highlighted a few, but just wondering if theres anything thats taking you by surprise. I know I heard a little bit about garage doors, you mentioned construction has lagged, but if you could just give us a little more color there.
Keith Busse: Other than what we said specifically in the press release relative to the sectors that are doing well, I really don't have any additional comments. I think the only thing to note is that I think the recovery will continue to be slowed by the fact that we don't have a significant recovery going on in residential and non-residential construction arena. For the economy to have a complete recovery, I think those sectors need to move more aggressively forward than they have. But there are certainly bright spots in tractor trailer activity, automobile activity as we talked about, energy, agriculture and construction equipment, not the construction markets, but construction equipment. Our order entry is really very strong in all of our markets and growing inch by inch in the wide plains beam [ph] and rail business at Columbia City. But as Dick mentioned, that's our biggest struggle, although it is improving quarter in and quarter out. We're pleased about that, but the backlogs are really in pretty good shape everywhere else. I think I specifically noted our control of our backlog at Butler, but order entry tends to be very good week in and week out there right now. And I think that there's a very strong likelihood that that will continue well into the foreseeable future and drive pretty good first quarter results as well as potentially second and third quarter for that matter. And as we've said, we'll have more comments about that a little later on.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: So if you're talking about 6 million tons as maybe a target for 2011, that would imply a 13% increase, I think, from 2010. Is that kind of where you'd expect the demand improvement to come in? Or is that including some market share gains?
Keith Busse: Well, I think that it does involve some market share gain, and it's hard to separate one from the other. When we clearly have had some market share gain, we hope we'll continue to retain those gains and be of benefit and service to the customers that we serve. But clearly, there is some demand pull going on there. How much is going to be restocking related, that tends to be very difficult for anyone to get their arms around. The inventories were just dramatically low relative to the kind of movement motion we have out there. So I think that pull's going to kick in. I don't think the service center arena is going to overstock. I think they're clearly a little leery of what happened from an inventory valuation perspective back in '08 and will continue to ramp up their purchases, probably more specifically related to the level of demand and the very low inflection point where they were.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: And then just last, if I could, on the supply side. Can you let us know if you've seen any presence from [inaudible] in the market yet and if you expect anything there?
Keith Busse: Well, I think everyone has seen them in the market. I don't think it's probably had a major impact on us. And I would tell you that's not a focus of conversation every day for us in the marketplace. We do run into them here and there, and they have their own basket full of issues to deal with down there relative to slap, supply, and startup costs and things of that nature. And I don't know how fast or slow it's really going. But certainly, they're going to be a factor in the market, but we're dealing with a growing market place, too. So I don't think it's going to be that bad of a fit. I think the industry's operating rates on the whole will go up this year. How dramatically? I don't know, but we'll certainly get up into the 80s, in my opinion, in the year 2011.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Parr from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I had a question on the scrap market. In light of what's going on with met coal in Asia and the relative cost advantage that scrap seems to be having, at least over the near term. I was wondering if any of Omni's operations or if there's any talk about increased purchases of scrap by Chinese or other Asian sources to offset reduced usage of blast furnace iron.
Mark Millett: Mark, I wouldn't say there's any major scuttlebutt or chatter out there apparently. Obviously, the met coal situation will actually impact them, but it's still a number of weeks out. There is sufficient coal, I do believe, in the pipeline on both et cetera [ph]. So it is our anticipation that the biggest impact wouldn't be for perhaps another six weeks yet. But nonetheless, it is a fear out there, but we haven't necessarily had any debate about it.
Keith Busse: I think the markets have kind of settled in a little bit. I think in early 2010, they got ahead of themselves. Pricing is caught up a little. There's been quite a run recently in scrap prices. You may see a February is not quite as robust as December and January have been. But clearly, there's an opportunity there too for some tightness work [ph] to go up marginally. But I think Mark's right, any impact is probably a few weeks away and by then we maybe in to better flows and better weather for that matter. But I think, clearly, the problems that Australia has had is certainly going to have an impact on the spot met coal market for certainly the spot market for iron has aggressively moved up as well. There is a little separation between where scrap prices are and where pig iron pricing is, but it's not all that wide.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: One other question, if I could, just if I could continue on the resource situation. It seems to me that the demand poll here in early '11 is a little stronger than many people, or perhaps even most people, would have thought 30 or 60 days ago. And I'm wondering here, Mark, if you have any comments on where you see inventory positions at mills that you're serving. And do you think the mills are a little short? How would you characterize inventory positions at the mills right now as it relates to scrap supply?
Mark Millett: Mark, I think they jumped in, in January, in all honestly, and that's why you saw such a shot move. We were anticipating an up market in both January and February, but it sort of all but sold [ph] up in January itself. So we would anticipate market being somewhat flat probably in February. Mill inventories, I would suggest, they're kind of in sync with the production levels today.
Keith Busse: I forgot, Theresa mentioned, Mark, that we didn't get the benefit of that penny a share or so that you- that pop you get off with the converts, but I just added that back in and that would've allowed us to get to $0.10 almost when you consider all the extraneous stuff that was going on in this particular quarter. Overall, it was not a bad quarter. I've read where one of the analysts wrote this morning, we may be the only company that reports profit. That may or may not be true, but we've been pretty steady and pretty close to all of our estimates for some time now, and, more importantly, the future is very bright. So I guess none of us, really, as we looked at the screen this morning, could I understand why the only guy reporting a profit, the share prices were down a little and everybody else was up a little. But I'm sure that will correct when our results are fully understand here.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Dave Katz with JPMorgan.
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Given that you expect, if I understood you correctly, scrap pricing to be flat, with the understanding that you're looking to push through subsequent price increases on at least flat-rolled steel, I was curious how sustainable you think that is going forward, how much more the market can take in terms of price increases.
Keith Busse: I'm not sure I know how far the market could go. Obviously, it's a little north of $800 now. And whether or not it comes to rest there, it goes forward, go backward, I really don't have a prognostication. I think on the scrap side, as Mark indicated, a lot of people refill their stockyards in January and probably there isnt going to be a huge level of demand driving price, but that doesn't mean there wouldn't be a bigger appetite in March and scrap prices wouldn't again push north of the March time frame. And if the world demand for scrap escalates, that could also impact it as a result of shortages in metallics and met coal, things of that nature.
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: And with regard to the steel prices, what kind of feedback are you getting from your customers when prices are increased?
Keith Busse: Surprisingly, I'll let Dick speak to it as well. The customer contacts I've had, the conversations I've had, I think they have been a little bit alarmed at the rate of movement, but there hasnt been the level of complaint activity out there that I thought there would be. Most people understand that it's both demand driven and resource cost driven and have been willing to accept it. As I said, I don't think anybody is trying to restock their shelves and get ahead of the game. So I think as long as demand stays healthy week in and week out, and it's showing no signs of letting up, I really believe there's a fair chance that these increases can stick, Dick?
Richard Teets: That is the only thing I've heard as to that color, Keith, is the fact that people are a little surprised at the speed of the increases but not necessarily the fact that theyre warranted and that they believe theyll stick.
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: And then liquidity is historically relatively high. Given that, at least on a forward-looking basis, it appears to be able to stay that high, if not go higher, absent any increased capital expenditure beyond what you've already delineated. Are there any plans for that liquidity, either to bring it down or put it to use in some other way?
Theresa Wagler: Well, as you know, we're continually looking at projects. Keiths talked about some of those in the past. In addition to that, we do have some debt maturities coming in 2012, and we are interested in continuing to de-lever as appropriate. So I think that naturally, the liquidity level will come down somewhat, even with our strong cash generation possibilities in the future. But we do want to maintain a pretty high level of liquidity going forward as well.
Operator: And next we'll go to Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: Just to sort of stay in the same subject, do you guys at all have a priority to be an investment-grade steel company?
Keith Busse: No, it's not a priority.
Theresa Wagler: Not currently. We still intend to grow pretty significantly. At some point in time, yes, but not in today's environment.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: And then, just to sort of -- I know you've mentioned it in the past, and I know you've certainly been asked about it, but what is sort of the latest state of thinking on a southern sheet mill or any other major projects? And as you look at your resources costs, if you were going to embark on a project, do you think it'd be more likely to be upstream, midstream or downstream?
Keith Busse: Embark upon what project, upstream, midstream, or downstream? We talked in the past about our Flat Roll project, and I could say we're pretty far down the trail of engineering now. We'll meet in February. We'll continue to consider our options relative to that project. I think the odds of it pushing forward as the economy continues to improve are probably pretty good in time. I also believe that the cash we're going to throw off in the year 2011 and 2012 is going to be fairly substantial and in and of itself could absorb the entire cost of the project, which leaves us with a lot more equity and no more debt, if you will. So for what you're talking about upstream, downstream, can you
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: In other words, are you guys going to make some acquisitions, perhaps in the scrap area, to add to your position at OmniSource?
Keith Busse: Well, you can never tell. There's nothing in our hopper right now. Mark's doing a pretty good job, I think, building the retail side of the business up from the levels where it was at. As I said in the past, a lot of our activity there will be greenfield in nature and will probably not depart from that. As to whether or not there might be an acquisition available here and there, there may well be, but I don't know that it's going to be super significant necessarily in terms of size. Relative to fabrication, we're pretty much happy with where we are there. I don't see really any -- we're waiting on a better market. And certainly, you can drive a lot better results, but don't see us expanding a lot in that particular arena. In steel, our focus is really primarily on the new Flat Roll Mill, which I got to tell you, I'm pretty darn impressed with the work thats been done, not only from a marketing perspective, but from a technology perspective. So we're happy about that. Nugget, we're going to continue as we start to achieve success later this year, and I think we will break even by maybe the third quarter time frame potentially in that project, which would be a massive improvement as we continue to dial in and hone in success there, there's no reasons we probably wouldn't want to continue to build another Nugget pattern [ph] to serve our interests and augment scrap going in to our own facilities today or any new facility planned in the future.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: And last question, talk about rail market share. Where are you now? Maybe this is something where either you or Dick want to talk about the progress in terms of making inroads with the longer rail product you have.
Keith Busse: I think we're very small in terms of market share, clearly. So there's nowhere to go but up. But all the railroads are interested. I mean, a lot of them now have our product in-test and will probably initial buyers throughout the year, in the year 2011. And if that's only going to gain momentum at this point in time. Dick?
Richard Teets: Yes, we shipped about 55,000 tons of rail last year, 2010. And if you consider the market was somewhere between around 900,000 tons, you can do the math and see that we are a single percentage player, but we have been growing.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sal Tharani from Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted to confirm. You said that February average price was $700, although you entered the month at $800?
Keith Busse: Yes, we sold into the tail end of the month at the $800 level, but you're dragging along. This is from the past month or two. And so the average is certainly going to be there. It's probably in the $700 ton arena for February.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But in March, you are starting to see $800 or above $800 numbers already?
Keith Busse: Already we see some of that. We still have some contract business that moves within that. So not everything we book, Sal, is necessarily going to be at those numbers because the index has moved forward on an average type basis, and you don't get the full impact. You're getting a better number each month you sell to your clients, but you just don't raise right on up to $800.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: What percentage of your business is indexed. Do you know?
Keith Busse: I would tell you 25% would be my guess.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And the other thing is that, on the service center side, we know there was some free buying. We saw a December inventory number came out, which was higher. I was just wondering, how is the rate of incoming orders? Has that been steadily good? Not the backlog, but just the incoming order rate. Or, has it started to flatten out or slow down?
Keith Busse: No, it's been good. I think, as I said earlier, we probably manage it to some degree. We don't want to have it explode in our face one direction or the other. So order entry has been pretty steady. We generally can produce around 55,000, 60,000 tons a week, and order entry has been a little bit north of that fairly steadily.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And last thing is on the new mill, you did make some comments. Is there a possibility or an opportunity for you to actually partner with somebody on that? Or would that be a strictly Steel Dynamics project?
Keith Busse: Well, there's always a possibility. We've not talked to anybody about partnering on it, but I wouldn't rule out its possibility either.
Operator: We'll now go to Brian Yu from Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: My question is on the flat-rolled side, Keith. I was wondering, in your discussions with customers, are there any talks about import offers? Because it seemed like they're coming in maybe at $720, $730. Is that something that you guys are wary of?
Keith Busse: Well, I'm not concerned about it on the Flat Roll side, to tell you the truth. The market, number one, is fairly reactive to imports, should that be warranted. But when you see a number like that at the docks, there's more to it than just the boat landing. There's more cost involved to get it to the client that meets the eye rather than just the transportation bill, and then there's the issue of, do I really want to put my eggs in this basket? It's a ways off, and where will the market be and what happens if it backs up? I mean, there are a lot of issues. People are never going to stop buying flat roll abroad. I mean, it's come down sharply. We'll probably remain a non-event to a large degree on Flat Roll side. I don't see that exploding at all.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: And maybe this is a question for Gary, but in terms of the pipeline, the project pipeline is coming down in your downstream operations. Any insight that's given you in terms of the construction market and maybe how that changed year-on-year over the past six months?
Gary Heasley: Weve seen pretty good coal [ph] activity here in the first part of the year hard to read a lot into that. Clearly, backlogs are down seasonally as you're working at the end of the year, but they're better than they had been in previous years, well, 2009, anyway and going into 10. And it looks to us like there's going to be that modest improvement, an ever so slight improvement in non-res construction this year that we've been talking about or looking for. But there's no strong sign yet. Historically, we've seen projects that have been quoted 5x, or 6x, 7x, and then not be built. I think some of those will come through this year. So we're looking for a modest improvement.
Keith Busse: The quotes are up and backlogs are up over 2009. How much of the quoting activity will garner us an order here in the near term is hard to gauge yet.
Gary Heasley: Yes, financing remains a problem. Vacancy rates remain a problem. There's still some real challenges out there in front of the non-res industry.
Brian Yu - Citigroup Inc: And then the last question on -- just a clarification. With the Mesabi Nugget, if I remember correctly, the coal that you feed it, that's non-coking-grade, right? You're not impacted by all this big run-up in coking coal prices?
Mark Millett: We do use some answer per [ph] site, but it's not a material on that. Usually, it was contracted through supplies through the year. So hopefully, we won't get impacted by the major spike that's about to happen, at least [ph] happen.
Gary Heasley: We should be good in 2011, anyway.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chuck Bradford from Bradford Research.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Just a little brief update, if you could, on the permitting situation. I heard what you said, but what's the hang-up up there in you getting the permits? With all the talk about jobs, jobs, jobs, you'd think they would be pushing this along because that was always something they wanted more of in northern Minnesota. Is there some local group that's the hang-up, or what is it?
Mark Millett: The State of Minnesota, the environmental agencies are more independent than perhaps the political system, compared to other states. And so there's a due process, and we have to go through that due process.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: It just seems like it's taking an inordinate amount of time, but thank you very much.
Mark Millett: I don't disagree. Obviously, one of the issues with the Bradfield mine [ph], there are some legacy issues there that have come to light. And they want to include sort of a resolution of those issues in the mine permit. So after you do an environmental impact study, which takes seemingly forever, that was completed, and now they've asked us to go back and just review that and add a few more tests and trials and examinations and so that's the process we're going through right now.
Keith Busse: I understand the frustration, Chuck. We're frustrated as well.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Tim Hayes from Davenport & Company.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: I just had a few questions on the average ferrous scrap cost. You said that it was up $81 a ton from a year ago. How much was that up from Q3?
Keith Busse: The average input cost was flat quarter-over-quarter. It didn't change for us. So whatever we reported in our third quarter release, the number was the same. I don't have the number.
Theresa Wagler: We typically don't give the actual number of the scrap costs, yes. But it was continuously flat quarter-to-quarter.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: And could you remind me again, what's your inventory turns of scrap at the Steel Ops?
Keith Busse: We're currently holding about three weeks, sometimes a little more, depends on which way the market is going but about three-week inventory at most facilities. And having our brother here to my right, who has ample stocks to rescue them, so we used to carry probably six, seven weeks, and they only carry three to four now.
Timothy Hayes - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then final question, in terms of the guidance up substantially from Q4, any color on how it's going to compare to a year ago? I know a year ago had some maybe unexpected strength in the recovery. But any color on how you see Q1 of '11 shaping up versus Q1 of 2010 would be helpful.
Keith Busse: I don't remember what we have. We have $0.29 or something if my memory serves me right. And I certainly think we could achieve that, but we'll have more color on it later.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Mark Liinamaa from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley: Keith, just relative to your comments that you thought the industry operating rates would get into the 80s in this year, could you contrast between longs and flats, and maybe any commentary on where you see your own facilities getting to?
Keith Busse: Yes, I certainly don't have any data in front of me that would arm me from a flat roll versus long products perspective, but I truly believe it'll be driven mostly by flat roll. I think, in our own case, all of our long products facilities are reporting an increase year-over-year, probably in the 10% range or thereabouts, maybe even a little more, and certainly at Columbia City. But you have to remember, Mark, we're coming from a pretty low platform there. So a 30% movement there is [ph] all that many tons, if you will. But I do believe that the operating reach certainly will be higher in the flat roll arena, although you're going to see -- I think you're going to see at least 10% or better improvement from all products as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tony Rizzuto from Dahlman Rose.
Anthony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Mark answered one of my questions there, but regarding Mesabi Nugget, could you guys quantify the magnitude of the start-up losses that you expect this year? You've made some qualitative comments on that, but I was wondering if you could give some quantitative guidance.
Keith Busse: I think we talked about it earlier.
Theresa Wagler: I think that the first quarter will probably look similar.
Keith Busse: Youre talking about this year.
Theresa Wagler: This 2011?
Anthony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Mid this year, that's correct.
Theresa Wagler: I think Mark commented and Keith commented that by the middle of the year, we expect to be break even. And obviously, we expect the startup losses to improve in the first half from what you've seen in 2010 so far. But we've not come out with specific numbers.
Keith Busse: And to improve for the year, although the year will probably likely still end up with a loss, but it will be, I think, a fairly good improvement year-over-year.
Anthony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Right, so if we look at what occurred in the first three quarters, you kind of averaged about $9 million or $10 million start-up loss, figuring that, that maybe level was a little bit unusual in Q4, a little bit lower level in the first half and moving towards break-even. So maybe for the year, maybe in the $15 million to $20 million range, might that be reasonable?
Keith Busse: Good a guess as there is out there right now, let me put it that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from David Lipschitz from CLSA.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: A quick question. Can you talk about The Techs a little bit and the trajectory of order entry over the last several weeks, and where do you see that right now?
Keith Busse: Well The Techs again had a dismal October and November and then had a very strong December. January has improved. I think I've said approximately to a expected utilization average across all three lines of about 85%. And again, as general across the board and flat-rolled, we see it continuing to improve and we're projecting approximately a 90% utilization factor at all three of The Techs.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So over the last several weeks, it had continued to improve?
Keith Busse: Yes, sir.
David Lipschitz - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then also just quickly, can you talk about costs, Q4 versus Q1 going forward? And do you expect them to be up, flat, down, in terms of conversion costs?
Keith Busse: Well, I think they'll come down certainly in Flat Roll because we did operate that strongly at the beginning of the quarter and certainly did a pretty terrific job of cost compression towards the tail end. It's going to start out awfully strong from a cost compression perspective. So I think Flat Roll quarter-over-quarter will have better compression in the first quarter than we had in the fourth because of the weak beginning. I think the activity level is going to change a lot at STQ [ph], and those guys are running at a maximum level and are actually obtaining beyond capacity results, not a lot of compression will probably enjoyed there, maybe a little bit in Bars, but it wont be substantial. You'll see some in the beam arena because we'll operate at a higher level. But again, it will be impactful, but not all that exciting because it's not going to be all that strong yet, although improving.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michelle Applebaum from Steel Market Intelligence.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: $70 a ton in your Steel Operations, that's pretty cool. I wanted to ask you about Nugget's. With the planned new DRI capacity that Nucor has going on and your Nugget capacity and other things going on, what do you think the impact on the scrap market will be longer term? And in the past, when there's been new scrap substitutes come on the market, what's the impact been on scrap costs and the scrap market?
Keith Busse: Michelle, I think -- there's not enough of it available, either through ourselves or new course operations or others to probably play a meaningful role on an immediate basis. But in time, I suspect that, that will change, and there'll be more of an impact. But you must remember, a lot more is going offshore than historically has, and that did us much to push the market aggressively forward as anything else. And I don't think that's probably going to abate. And without a second Nugget battery and the impact of that and more HBI, I don't think it's going to have any downward effect on the scrap market. I think the scrap market will probably operate quite independent of this.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Do you think there's going to be more scrap substitutes built globally?
Keith Busse: Do I think we need more?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Well, I know, you can answer that.
Mark Millett: The scrap [inaudible] market, obviously, there are only a couple of technologies out there. Miderex [ph] being probably the more prolific. And if you looked at DRI pellet raw material, that's a very, very, very expensive commodity and will continue to be so for the next 2, 3, maybe 4 years. So I don't firstly foresee a prolific increase in HBI or DRI type facilities anytime soon.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Even with spare prices running up?
Mark Millett: I think generally, as with most commodities, foreign demand is going to continue to drive all commodities, scrap being one of them, and is only a definitive sort of reservoir or a definitive supply within America. So you're right, scrap pricing is going to go up. But I don't see that its going to be a massive impact to HBI, DRI in the foreseeable future.
Keith Busse: We achieved, obviously, success, and I think we will in 2011, we'll obviously be asking to add additional capacity on the iron range. And another one or two of those batteries would start to have some meaningful impact, but that's several years away.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: And can you license the technology? Can you joint venture that globally? There's going to be demand. If your technology is a winner, isn't there going to be demand for scrap substitutes, especially starting from concentrate?
Keith Busse: Well, I think it will be a winner, and we don't have the international rights, although we're probably further down the trail than anybody relative to product knowledge by a wide measure. And therefore, we've already been contacted by offshore interests that would love for us to go abroad and partner Nugget battery with them. But you got to learn how to walk before you -- crawl before you walk and walk before you run, and we don't have the resources or the current level of interest until we stabilize the first battery at Minnesota.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: And then steel guys are typically -- scrap substitutes have been around forever, and steel guys have been burned because it's a different type of technology, so that if you do prove this out, which I'm assuming you will, you have created kind of a human capital asset here that might be valuable to others in terms of joint venture, whether you own the technology or not. Don't you think?
Keith Busse: I think what's going to matter is our expertise as much as anything. We have those rights you were talking about in North America, but we do not have them internationally. But that doesn't mean we can't be a part of a project internationally. We certainly have the right to be. And If I'm a guy that's about to embark on one of those, I'm going to be calling you all the time because you know how to do it.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Right. It certainly has happened before. Have you been contacted by anyone to grow the Nugget? Or have you contemplated growing Nugget with a joint venture partner domestically?
Keith Busse: We've had people talk to us domestically as well as internationally.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, so we're going to watch this real close.
Operator: And we now have a follow-up question from Sal Tharani from Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: For your Mesabi Nugget project, iron ore prices. Are these quarterly? Or are these annual adjusted?
Mark Millett: Ores [ph], you mean?
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, the iron ore you're buying from [inaudible].
Mark Millett: Ores [ph] are for the year.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. And I'll turn it back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Melissa. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our call. We had it a little bit early because most of us are going to be traveling this week, one direction or another, but we appreciate your continued support more than anything, the support of all of the employees of Steel Dynamics. It's a wonderful company, and we have some wonderful people who work for us. And we're encouraged by the fact that the light in the tunnel is getting brighter and brighter and brighter, which will have a meaningful impact to your lives as well. Thank you so much. Goodbye now.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Keith Busse  Chairman and CEO Fred Warner  IR Manager Mark Millett  EVP, Steel Operations Richard Teets  EVP, President and COO, Steel Operations Gary Heasley  EVP, Strategic Planning and Business Development Theresa Wagler  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Kim McKenners [ph]  UBS Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph] Luke Folta  Longbow Research Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company Brian Yu [ph]  Citi Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs Charles Bradford  Affiliated Research Group Mark Parr  KeyBanc
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to todays Steel Dynamics Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics In. and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations, Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President of Steel Dynamics In. and President of New Millennium Building Systems, Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Inc., and Fred Warner, Investor Relations manager. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Mr. Keith Busse. Please go ahead sir.
Keith Busse: Actually, were going to turn it over to Fred Warner to start with.
Fred Warner: Welcome to the Steel Dynamics third quarter 2010 conference call. The call is being webcast live on October 19, 2010 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call on our website or download the call as a podcast. During todays call, our management will be making some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature, are predictive and are not statements of historical fact are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projected that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental policy monetary or fiscal, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit market, the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from todays forward-looking statements. Refer to Section entitled forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available in the SEC website, www.sec.gov and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Now to begin todays call, well hear comments from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Its good to have you with us today. As you can see, we had earnings in the third quarter, $19 million, a little weaker quarter certainly than the second quarter but within the range of $0.05 to $0.10 as we guided and as reported by most parties right on top of the consensus of $0.09. In the second paragraph, we talk a lot about our net sales, and we note that they were 3 percent lower than the second quarter of 2010, yet shipments, as you go on to read in that paragraph were 4 percent higher than the second quarter, which implies the prices were lower overall and given what happened in the metals universe, at least as applied during the quarter, probably found ourselves in a margin squeeze. On a year-to-date basis, I want to point out that net income of $133 million compares to a loss of $35 million for the first nine months of 2009, a significant positive change. Operating income was $218 million versus $41 million in the first nine months of 2009. In the next paragraph, we talk about the markets a little bit and the third quarter steel volume remained relatively flat. While it remained flat, declining selling prices mainly sheet steel, outpaced the decline in scrap prices, and thats true, as average selling prices were down $47.00 to $782 from $829, and the average scrap cost only decreased $23.00 as a result of reduced margins, operating income for the segment, fell to $88 million in the third quarter. In our Metals Recycling business, shipments were about flat but income was, operating income was $22 million, down from the $25 million in the second quarter, actually better results than we had anticipated sort of early in the month when we gave our guidance. I think the earnings for Metals Recycling segment was really injured by having an upside down July. We really had a fairly good August, and a fairly good September in recycling, but we really had a pretty lousy July. I think most people anticipated that scrap prices would be up $40.00 in July and they were actually down $40.00, so that hurt our performance rather dramatically in that particular month of the quarter. Mark might have mentioned, not having talked to Mark, my outlook for scrap which you know is down some $40.00 on primes and $25.00 or so on $30.00 on cut grades is probably flat the remainder of the quarter. I dont see a lot of movement, and I dont see a lot of demand response out there either, so I dont think scrap is probably going to move a lot. Prices in the steel business have moved down so much, scrap costs. It should not result in any margin loss, at least as we move forward. Im pleased to report that New Millenniums operating losses has narrowed in the third quarter in the Mississippi River with three operating installations or soon to be operating installations. We will have a national presence in fabrication and I think will be of value to people that construction on a more national scope, if you will. So things are moving in the right direction there even though demand in the non-res segment of our universe remains rather anemic at this point in time. Not having the second largest competitor around any longer certainly will be helpful to everyone engaged in the fabrication of steel bar joists, trusses and girders. The Nugget start up progressed. It says well in the third quarter with production increasing, and not a monumental percentage. It was a large increase in terms of real tons delivered, not such a big deal yet. As you read, the overall activity continues to be hampered by equipment availability and refractory issues. I think we solved a lot of problems. Mark will talk about that, during the quarter. Were having a very, very good October actually, but unfortunately, theres still another problem that remains in the furnace environment which will take the facility down for a couple of weeks in November to deal with, and hopefully that will be the last time we have to deal with activity in that arena. The impact of the Mesabi Nugget startup operations were relatively flat at $12 million for the quarter. During the quarter, increased new shipments for (inaudible) combined with weaker flat roll volume resulted in a change of product mix, causing flat roll shipments to decline from 64 percent of our full steel to 60 percent. Our engineered bar products achieved record production levels and had a very, very strong third quarter. Their back logs remain very healthy. Back logs for flat roll products have declined. In the first week of October, order entry was at about 60 percent of capacity, yet rebounded in the second week to 100 percent capacity. So its kind of a mixed bag out there folks. You know its catch as catch can and a very sloppy market and its been that way with fits and starts throughout the entire year. I do believe the economy will probably stay in the malaise that its in for some time, although slow progress is being made. I think its, I dont think were in danger of a double dip, but an extended malaise if you will, but I think its just getting marginally better with fits and starts along the way. So I see 2011 being a better year in my mind than certainly 2010. One more notable things that we have put out press releases on is the approval of STI products by all the nations leading railroads including class two railroads, second tier railroads, short lines if you will, and I think were going to be in a lot better position on a very steady state basis to be able to deliver product as required by the nations railroads both cut length product and welded product for that matter. I think were in pretty good shape and I know theres been some very, very positive comments about the micro structure of SDIs rail product as opposed to our competition so were feeling pretty good about that. We produce rail as you know in Colonial City. Thats where we also make beams and the beam market continues to be rather anemic and weak. Made a little progress in that area, but certainly not sufficient to deliver the kind of earnings that that facility has demonstrated that its capable of delivering. So were a ways away from that event, if you will. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we believe that margin improvement in the latter stages of the quarter is possible and could result in slightly stronger quarter, but as we have in the past, we will provide guidance in early December about where we see our specific outlook for the quarter. With that, with those comments I will conclude and turn it over to Mr. Millett, whos prepared to tell you about Metals Recycling business, Mesabi Nugget, Iron Dynamics and such as that. Mark.
Mark Millett: Thank you. Good morning everybody. Relative to the Metals Recycling, flat quarter. Operations had a, as Keith said, a very mixed quarter. August results essentially balanced or offset a July loss, resulting from strong downward movement in July, very surprising, and the associated margin (inaudible). However, the team has an excellent September, achieved strong shipping volumes in both ferrous and non-ferrous material. The nonferrous group had a particularly good month as they were able to push up their  expand their metal margins appreciably. Quarter over quarter operating expenses remain relatively flat. Ferrous volumes edged up slightly to 1.4 million tons. Non-ferrous volumes increased 8 percent to 257 million tons, and as Keith suggested, our operating income for OmniSouce decreased from $25 million in the second quarter to $22 million. Thats principally the lowest ferrous margins in July. In Iron Dynamics, they posted another consistent solid quarter. They shipped 45 ferrous metric tons of liquid pig iron and 12,000 tons of HBI over to the Butler fab mill, and it continues to be an integral part of the recent productivity gains at Butler, so the team did well there. Regarding Mesabi Nugget, again for pioneering effort, I guess it started to progress well. Obviously not as well as wed like to see. Shipments rose 33 percent to 24,600 metric tons. The Nuggets achieving 97 percent metallic FE, and with the signs content ranged in the quarter up to five percent. It is now being regularly consumed at both the Butler flat roll mill and engineered products at this point. Recent performance has confirmed our confidence in the process itself with extended periods of operation in excess of 60 percent, and interim periods in excess of 85 percent of its anticipated capacity. However, as with most pioneering efforts, these high productivity levels have exposed further equipment and factory limitations that are hampering our equipment in time and productivity. Solutions are in hand and they should be effective during the fourth quarter and will likely include a three week shut down in November for the refractory work on the (inaudible). However, earnings projection is anticipated to be similar to that of Q2 and Q3. Financial performance there continues to be impacted obviously by the divergence of iron concentrate and pig iron market pricing, and the securing of permit to mine remains a critical issue to us and weve actually been infused quite recently by renewed energy demonstrated by the Minnesota State Environmental Agencies in concluding the permitting process and anticipate permit issuance late in 2011.
Keith Busse: Thanks Mark. Dick, well turn it over to you.
Richard Teets: All Right. Thank you Keith. Good morning everyone. Id like to go over a few additional comments by each of the steel operations facility to what Keith has already mentioned. At Butler, were operating approximately at 85 percent with a three to four week backlog in hot rolled and (inaudible). The back log is actually extended on the value added products. The team has successfully completed all of their items on the maintenance list during their annual maintenance outage earlier this month and are ready for a pickup in the order entry rate. Last week, we actually had the best order rate in over two months, but only time will tell if this is sustainable, and we anticipate a slow and steady improvement in sales occurring due to low inventories and decent shipping rates to the manufacturing sector. Those end users are automotive, appliance, pipe and tube and the agricultural markets. The techs are running in the 55 to 60 percent level but these tons really only dependent upon sub-strait availability. Without wanting to jinx the techs team, I would like to say, and actually for them being on path to a test based performance ever for the year. Columbia City, as Keith mentioned, continues to deal with the weakest of all of our markets. Theyre operating at 35 to 40 percent, though present rate of capacity which is actually approximately 50 percent of our historical levels. Their current rate is being lowered because of the added addition of our second roll unit there. The great news out of Columbia City as Keith mentioned, is that we now have continued to gain acceptance in the standard strength rail market, and we believe we captured 10 to 12 percent of that market and we expect that trend to continue in the coming months. Our 240 foot rail sections have met with overwhelming enthusiasm by the mainstream railroads. This team continues to make the most of an excellent backlog. For two months during the third quarter, the team has actually accomplished a 50/50 performance. That means they cast 50,000 tons and rolled 50,000 and shipped 50,00. This has only been accomplished two times prior in the plants history. It was also the best quarter ever for rolling, shipping and execute tons shipped performances, and actually, and would also setting records for quarterly production if they had not lost four and a half days due to a EAF sub failure. So congratulations to everyone on those efforts. During October, (inaudible) failure in the 3D furnace, resulting in the annual maintenance, obviously pulled ahead of the rolling mill. Both repairs and capital projects were accomplished with the projects focused on de-bottlenecking the [unlink] in the areas. The mill shop will have its outage as planned this month. This outage is mainly for the completion of the installation of a new metal crane. Other work scheduled for completions are routine maintenance requirements. Roanoke is running the melt shop five days a week and rolling mill six days a week currently as production and shipments have been hampered in the short term, by the downward strap pricing pressure. This discouraged customers from placing orders until the last minute, and then they depend on mill inventory for immediate shipment. Roanoke has recently begun participating in the bill and export business. Thats appropriate sales terms to present themselves. There are no major outages planned for the Roanoke plant, as repairs and improvements can be accomplished within the existing schedule of production. Ashfield, West Virginia sales have continued to improve in the truck/trailer and corporate markets as well as other special section markets such as railroad splice bars, off highway equipment and solar projects. This results in a full book and a solid backlog for Steel, West Virginia. Im proud to report that the mill shop continues to improve, resulting in improved and increased yield in quality, and due to initiatives in those areas. These improvements will continue as several capital projects are slated for completion during the November annual maintenance outage. These projects include a new EEAF pulpit, new cast oscillators, and new scrap charging frame and EEAF (inaudible) equipment for both their furnaces. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thank you Dick. Gary
Gary Heasley: Thanks Keith. Demand for joints and deck were up slightly in the first half. We gave most of that back in July and August which were off from 2009 levels fairly significantly for booking. Now were looking at 2010 at about the same level of demand that we had in 2009 which is dramatically off from the average of the past ten years, about 50 percent off that average. Some months are up. Some months are down, so were expecting to see a bit more bumping along at this level before we begin to see slow steady growth, which we think will happen starting the second half of 2011. With what we saw in August and July, we believe that the early part of 2011 is going to be a little less robust than we hoped for, but were still confident that 2011 is going to be better than 10. All things seem to be pointing that way. Prices and spreads improved over the quarter, and that gave us the opportunity to look at improved earnings. The facilities in Ohio and South Carolina that we idled in 08, continue to cost some interest and costs related to depreciation charges, insurance, property taxes, other interim charges. Those totaled about $298,000 in the quarter, and then left us with an operating loss in the three operating plants of $196,000 but for August and September, generated an operating profit, so hats off to the folks at New Millennium who worked very, very hard to try to win in what are very difficult market conditions. As Keith mentioned, on October 4 we acquired the joist operations run by Commercial Metals. That involves seven locations, four of which are going to be idled, and we only acquired the equipment not the real estate, three of which we will be operating and as Steve mentioned , Hope, Arkansas, Juarez, Mexico and Holland, Nevada, giving us the nationwide reach that many of our customers told us that we needed to have in order to really serve them properly. In the time that we have now, as we get ready to start up, we are in the process of relocating equipment from idle facilities to those that will be operated to make sure that we have the optimum configuration every plant will run, and that were prepared to operate those plants at the highest level of productivity we can achieve. With the new acquired facilities, were going to be bringing on staff very slowly. Were going to staff up just at the level we believe will support the backlog. Well only grow that team and the related capacity as the backlogs tell us that we can profitably support additional hiring. Now with the four plants coming down and the two that we idled in 08 and 09, thats six joist plants that have been taken out of operations in these last couple of years, and with those six closures, capacity in the industry has gotten much more in line with demand, although theres still excess capacity out there, and it wouldnt surprise me if some of the less efficient plants may need to make some tough decisions. But as construction activity continues to grow over the next two years, we will be extremely well positioned to take advantage of that and to generate great returns on the three plants that weve had historically and the three new ones that were starting up now. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks Gary. Were now going to hear from Theresa Wagler, our CFO. By the way ladies and gentlemen, its Theresas 40th birthday. Black balloons all over her office, but shes still a youngster. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Im not sure I follow that. Thank you. Id like to point out, everyones talked a little bit about the operational impact from the segments, but I would point out that even with the challenging third quarter, our year to date gross margin percentage improved almost three percent in comparison to last year, and our operating margin actually improved over five percent. During the quarter, we also increased our liquidity from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion which represents our cash on hand plus our availability under our $924 million revolving credit facility. Our net debt also decreased $69 million during the quarter, as cash flow from operations was $89 million during the third quarter, and it was $92 million during the entire first half of the year as we required quite significant amount of working capital growth during the second quarter of the year. The third quarter working capital draw was fairly flat. We would expect the same in the fourth quarter. In early October, we received the remained of our expected State and Federal income tax refund of $11.7 million. This resulted in a total refund during 2010 of $102 million. You will have noted that our third quarter effective tax rate before excluding non-controlling insurance, increased to 50.4 percent from 36.9 percent recorded during the first half of the year. This was related to an increase in our estimated effective annual rate. The required cumulative catch up which was recorded in the third quarter totaled about $3.5 million, and this impacted the results by that $0.02 per diluted share. Our leverage ratio total debt to EBITDA was 3.7 times at September 30, and our first lien leverage was .04 times. During the third quarter our capital expenditures totaled $24 million. Depreciation was $44 million and capitalized interest related to those projects was $1 million. Our outlook relates to fourth quarter depreciation and amortization remains at between $65 and $66 million. Our estimated 2010 full year capital investments, if you include the acquisition of the joist assets that Gary spoke of earlier, will be about $150 million. I know many of you would like to know about 2011. We actually go through our detailed planning here in October/November so well comment on 11 during our first quarter conference call. Net interest expense during the quarter was slightly higher than the second quarter due to the decrease in our capitalized interest. Gross interest expense was $45.3 million with an effective rate of 7.3 percent. We have 217 million shares of common stock outstanding at September 30. Additionally, we had 16.4 million shares underlying our convertible securities and 6.9 million of outstanding stock options. Of those 6.9 million of outstanding options, 1.3 million were actually diluted during the quarter. Our expectations for the fourth quarter would be to have average outstanding shares and equivalents at about 235 million shares. I know many of you would like to have the breakdown of our flat roll shipments for the quarter, so Ill give them to you now. Our hot roll shipments were $246,000, our pickle shipments were $71,000, our cold rolled shipments were $46,000, hot roll galvanized $1,100,000, cold roll galvanized $64,000, painted products $79,000 and our galvanized was $15,000. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thanks Theresa. Karen, well now open it up to the Q&A component of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Kim McKenners [ph] with UBS.
Kim McKenners [ph]  UBS: Yes, good morning. Happy birthday, Theresa.
Theresa Wagler:  Thank you.
Kim McKenners [ph]  UBS: I wanted to if I could, draw a little bit more on the guidance please because the point about margin expansion makes sense if steel prices are holding up and if you havent yet started to see any increase in scrap like were starting to hear. But it seems like theres been a lot of slippage lately in the steel price, especially in flat roll. So can you comment on that, and then again with the volumes, it seems like were hearing a lot of weakness in volumes, certainly in utilization. And so if you give us some clarity.
Keith Busse: I think that volume will continue to be from an order entry perspective erratic. I think we were a little out of the market for a while, and thats why order entry in the latter part of August, early part of September suffered. Youre correct in the pricing has come down. It has not come down I think to the advertised arena. I think we probably are approaching due bottoms again. I think the economy is going to continue to be in a malaise. I think inventories, its almost comical when we report final inventories up or down. Theyre so anemic and so weak that any real movement in demand would shatter them, but the economy is what it is, an as I said, it will continue to have positive momentum with fits and starts. It really is a malaise. I think order entry will be okay for the remainder of the quarter with pricing being off, or fourth quarter, with pricing being off from third quarter levels, and I do believe that the pricing, fall in pricing at least from our perspective in terms of raw numbers, may end up being less than were taking later in the quarter. Youve got to remember what we billed in October is what we had on hand essentially in September, but I think the scrap costs will be better and I think most of the margin loss early in the quarter will be flat roll, yet we could see some recovery. I dont think therell be much margin loss and maybe added margin in certain other arenas, so I, were not making a specific prediction. We think that earnings could be up slightly. Thats a current prognostication. If theyre better than that, well report that to you in December. If theyre slightly worse than that, well report that to you as well. But I certainly believe weve got to be positive and certainly not negative. But at this point in time, given the weakness in backlogs, its just hard to reach out and predict it, but I do think the fourth quarter will be slightly improved over the third at this point in time. Scrap will be, I dont know. The market I think is going to end up weaker. Ill let him comment on that. I think its probably going to end up probably about the same, not too much change there. We really hope to have a little better result in Mesabi Nugget. It may not. It may end up being the same level of losses given sort of, we hope one final round of repairs to the furnace, but they did demonstrate some awfully good momentum here in October. Fabrication will probably be marginally better than what it was, but not a whole lot, or it could be the same or it could be a little worse by a little, but its not going to be a material dip one way or another. So I hope Ive answered your question.
Kim McKenners [ph]  UBS: Definitely. Just to follow up with one more, just taking a step back may philosophically. As we look at the flat roll market with more supply coming on scrap based, some not, we look at the global market for scrap maybe improving into next year. Is there any compare that we could see a breakdown in the correlation between scrap and steel prices further and see the further disability for the margin or the scrap price to be passed through. How do you think about scrap availability and margin sustenance I guess into that environment next year?
Keith Busse: I think youre going to see Europe continue to be a fairly significant exporter of recycled metallics. United States, the volume wont change a lot. It may get a little better. The real offshore demand is probably going to come from Turkey in fits and starts rather than Asia. I think Japan is still a net exporter. I think youre going to see with Chinas industrial production having grown so significantly over time, theyre going to start to generate a lot more scrap and even obsolete scrap will be in greater supply. So China will kind of be probably just in the market not on the market, but more dependent on iron ore resources than scrap. I dont see the relationship between scrap pricing and steel pricing disconnecting. Theres never going to be a perfect chart out there, but I think its essentially going to be a relationship between the two that has existed for some time. I dont think theres going to be a complete break down or positive improvement one direction or another thats significant.
Kim McKenners [ph]  UBS: OK. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next well go to Michelle Applebaum with Phil Market Intelligence [ph].
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Hi. I didnt hear you mention  a nice quarter by the way. I didnt hear you mention anything about the details about the new flat roll mill. Could you give us some idea of what youre looking for, what the time frame would be?
Keith Busse: Well, not a lot has changed. I think we said that we would be in a position to present the concept of any new mill and what its going to look like and the technological configuration of it, and the product capability complete with a market study associated with the markets we intend to serve to our Board later this year. We have a Board meeting in November. Well also have one in February. So it could be at either time that were going to discuss that in great depth and have more to report on it. But a lot of people I know worry about added capacity when if you could understand the capability of the mill as proposed, its going to be capable of reaching markets today that we dont even have an opportunity to quote, and whether theyre on the hot roll side of the street or on the poll roll side of the street. So I think its a fairly significant configuration. Its not huge in terms of volume. I guess every million tons counts, but its contemplated to be around 1.7 million tons of capability or in that arena. If its blessed, it could provide some product to the techs, which gives it a natural jump start or head start. It also gets us into product markets that were not servicing today or dont have the opportunity to service. I dont really want to expand on that too much deeper, but Im not terribly worried about placing that volume in the market and having the resources to drive success. I still tend to think it would be even carrying a new capital load, a significantly profitable facility which would only get stronger in time as you shed over the course of ten years or so or 12 years much of the capital charge effect of any new project. I dont think it would require significant financing. I think most of it could be financed internally out of earnings in the next couple of years essentially. What does that mean? Well we probably would retire some debt in the meantime. We may have to take on some additional debt as time goes along, but I dont think our debt load will significantly change.  It would have the potential to actually drop two years from now a few hundred million dollars and have a brand new mill completely paid for through our earnings which certainly increases the equity base of the company, not increase the debt load, which puts us in a much better leverage position than we are today. But those decisions are really yet to come, and the presentations havent been made.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: In terms of when youre saying its going to reach products and markets youre not in now, should I presume that that means that it might replace or displace either imports or perhaps some of these hanging on mills that are currently shuttered and for sale, may never to be sold or opened, if youre starting up this new mill? Is that sort of how things will work out?
Keith Busse: And people that own those assets will be responsible for those decisions in the due course of time. I think this mill would be market positioned well if it goes forward and I think the markets it would serve would impact domestic production as well as imported product. It would just give us an opportunity in markets that we dont have today, or capability more specifically in markets we dont have today.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: And can you tell me just one more question on this, and then Ill go back into the queue. Can you give me an idea of what the equilibrium hot rolled price youd be assuming Theresa, youd need to have to make this project to go.
Theresa Wagler: Michelle, I dont think that  I mean to make the project a go, as Keith said earlier, were still looking at models to present to the Board and different working scenarios, etc. I dont even want to comment on today.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: OK.
Keith Busse: I think its more margin based anyway, pricing based. I mean if we deliver  the cost process that we have in our (inaudible) relation of our prices, in really depressed economic times, a little different answer than in not so depressed economic times and a rather consistent margin. And that margin would make that mill I think very profitable.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: OK. Can I ask one more?
Keith Busse: Sure.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: OK. The MSCI stock came out yesterday, and I was kind of stunned to see that the shipping levels for every product on the list hit a post-recession high whether its September, October, November of 08, but every product hit a high, and I was surprised to see the service center shipments to customers doing as well. Is that consistent with what youre seeing in the marketplace?
Keith Busse: Its consistent with whats being reported by the people we talk to, and most of them are relatively significant suppliers to the industry. Most service centers are seeing marginal improvement and feel good about their business, and obviously that makes us feel very good about the future, although all of us would like to see demand increase at a higher rate of speed. But unfortunately, in the probably kind of political environment were in, you know people are sitting on their hands and waiting for outcomes and solutions to the things that ail the nation if you will.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Well thats great, and also most of that inventory increase was stainless. That was kind of shocking, so the inventories were scarcely maintained at a constant level. So I was surprised to see that, so.
Keith Busse: Well that goes to my comment about how fragile whats on the shelf is. I mean if they were hitting substantial momentum, although I dont think the markets going to be up 33 percent tomorrow morning on an average, I mean you would have enough product to supply it. I mean the rather fragile levels of inventories sitting on the selves. Theyre there today intended to service demand as it exists.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Right. Right. OK, thats great. Well thanks, and Ill go get back into the queue.
Operator: Thank you. For our next question, well go to Luke Folta with Longbow Research.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: Good morning guys.
Keith Busse: Good morning. How are you?
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: Doing quite well, thank you very much. How are you doing?
Keith Busse: Well.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: Quick question on your  I just wanted to dig in a bit more on the steel side of the business. It looks like you guys reported about 75,000 tons higher shipments quarter on quarter, and you had said that metals prices were down about $24 a ton. If I do the math, looking at metals spread on a total dollar basis, it looks like spreads are actually up quarter over quarter and EBIT looks like it was down $45 million after intangibles. So Im just trying to understand, of course thats all excluding the tax. Is there something else in the cost structure that had moved up quarter on quarter?
Theresa Wagler: No, Luke. Im (inaudible) logic because prices definitely were compressed second quarter to third quarter so Ill have to make the kind of calculation that you had to back into that. Its above the line, its not below the line.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: (Inaudible) if youve got $24 per ton less spread, and you multiply that, the total over 75,000 tons for shipments, if you look at the total dollar amount that youve earned, total revenues minus total scrap cost, at least in my calculations, its going up quarter over quarter. So Im just trying to understand. It seems like to me like, and I know the techs was a negative contributor sequentially, but it seems to me like there was some other cost included in the increase.
Keith Busse: Well we havent done your math, as Theresa said, but the spreads are definitely down. We had  Im looking for the data sheet on the ties. The ties shipped was, total shipments combined were 1.3 million. I dont have a calculator. The spread progression of ...
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: I dont want to make you guys  I can  you dont have to go through all the math on the phone. But as far as you know you know, there was no other extraordinary cost items that have gone up sequentially.
Keith Busse: Many times volume is off a little bit, your other costs convert are certainly going to go up per ton. It doesnt mean youre spending more, it just means you have existing cost structures in place both variable and fixed related to a lower level of production which would yield a higher cost per ton. I wish I would have brought my calculator, but the margins were off $24. Theyre off $30 some million.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: But you had higher shipping.
Keith Busse: Its still off $30 some million when we look at the gross profit line quarter over quarter. It was off more than $31 million. I think thats your point.
Theresa Wagler: The difference is the operations operating income second quarter, third quarter, $46 million, but that inclusive of the tax, and hes trying to back out the tax. And the thing is around the yield segment that was. So Im sure that I can help you offline, but right now with the information we have in front of us, to back out the taxes is a little bit difficult.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: OK. All right. And the second question, on the fabrication operation, do you have a sense of how much new capacity these recent acquisitions will give you and secondly, will all the steel for those operations be shipped internally?
Keith Busse: Luke, itll come in bits and pieces. Were not going to start them up. All of them will have three physical line capability in the end times the number of shifts you want to run them. So you have generally you have to run first or second shifts, so youd have six shifts worth of production at each plants times three plants. Its not going to start out that way. Its going to start out with a lot of them having two lines running and each of the others have one line running and well grow from there. Gary.
Gary Heasley: Thats right Keith. So you know, well start out again very modestly. Putting in the first crew at each of the three plants will give us maybe 33,000 tons or 35,000 tons incremental capacity across those markets from Arkansas all the way over to California, and as we add crews over time, that capacity will grow dramatically if the market gives us the reason to build those three.
Keith Busse: I think whats significant about all this as Gary commented on, weve lost actually seven facilities minus the properties for $17 million, about $2.5 million per piece of property and all equipment related to it, and four of them go away permanently. Theyll never to constituted in any form with the equipment gone, so given the two weve shuttered on top of our other assets, I think were geographically well dispersed and I think to Garys point, theres six lines no longer in service in the country, and I think thats going to bode well for everyone in the fabrication business. The only two entities capable of servicing demand on a national scope would be New Core and SGI at this point in time. The others are regional guys, but the elimination of this capacity in the end helps everyone. Now we understand its a rather good market in time, but this is when you prepare yourself for future activity to increase in the zip code, and I think it will in time, like a year or two, but I think well be as well positioned as anybody. I imagine youve got some excellent equipment coming out of these facilities and going into the existing ones. I cant imagine them being inferior to any fabricating asset, anywhere in the world. So I think from a cost structure perspective, were going to be in awfully good shape and as we march forward in that business.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: OK. And if I could ask [audio beak}
Keith Busse: In by the real shipments. I mean rail, yes ...
Gary Heasley: I mean its almost 20,000 tons of rail shipments in the third quarter and I would tell you that our fourth quarter projections are double what weve shipped year to date at Columbia City. So (inaudible).
Keith Busse: Thats very, very significant. I think the other thing Luke thats significant to note, is that that pioneering effort which really got underway earlier in the year and hit its crescendo you might say in the second and third quarters, there was a lot of steel pent up and we pulled. We become as cost effective and as productive as we are today, and that should not reoccur as we move forward. Luke Folta  Longbow Research: OK. Thanks a lot for the color guys, and sorry to make you break out the calculator.
Operator: Next, well go to Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Hey just to refine the rail question, what is year to date in terms of rail shipments and did you just say you were going to double that in the fourth quarter?
Keith Busse: Yes, rail shipments just over 30,000 tons year to date, and we look to end the year with over 60,000 tons of rail.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Youre saying youre going to produce in the last quarter, the same amount of cutting you produced through three quarters?
Keith Busse: Yes, thats it.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Got it. OK. But not double that. Just in the last quarter.
Keith Busse: (Inaudible) we produced 30,000 in three quarters and will produce I think an additional 30,000. I hope to do even better than that in the fourth quarter which will in effect double where were at on a year to date basis from this moment in time forward.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Got it. And then theres probably a logical point where 240 rail takes market share from 40 or 60 foot ranks, and I think that some people have estimated that you guys get to 30 percent market share of that sort of million ton a year market sometime soon. Do you guys have a target date for that?
Keith Busse: Lets be careful. Half of the market of a million tons is head hardened material and we have not qualified ourselves with head hardening material. Its a  were in the class one, and thats the other half of the market, and we expect to penetrate that half rather significantly, hopefully 40 to 50 percent in time. But we have new technology that were developing in the head hardening arena and we have yet to crest that hill if you will. So only half the market is available to us at the moment.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: And then just to follow up on that, what do you think the timetable is to kind of perfect your head hardening technology.
Keith Busse: In all honesty, thats measured in probably years because we have yet  we are just looking at the technologies. Were exploring what we currently have in place from a capability standpoint, and were still walking into the standard strength realm and were not going to jeopardize that performance by rushing into the head hardening world.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Last question. Keith, your thoughts on scrap prices in 2011.
Keith Busse: Well, you know it has been historically, theyll probably improve in the first quarter. Its the winter months when the flows are down. It would be my hope that they dont get the carts so far ahead of the horse this time. Scrap prices literally got out of control I think in the first quarter and we paid for it all year long, and theyve been coming back. I hope that where we go is more orderly, but I think theyll probably increase in the first quarter as they normally do, and possibly come down late second quarter and into third quarter it will probably go back up in fourth. So its hard to say. I imagine scrap will finish higher next year than it finished this year and Im pretty confident steel prices will too. How much remains to be seen for everyone.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much guys. And happy birthday Theresa.
Gary Heasley: Just going back to your comment, I think the most important thing we should be looking at obviously is scrip between product pricing and scrap and I think it would be our estimation that its going to expand next year from where it is today.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Thanks much.
Operator: For our next question, well hear from Brian Yu [ph] with Citi.
Brian Yu [ph]  Citi: Hi, great. Thank you. My question is regarding the Mesabi Nugget. Youve given, your guidance for fourth quarter looks like losses are going to be sequentially about the same so this would imply you have pushed back your target for breakeven on a run rate basis by year end. I was wondering if you could provide an updated thought on when that project would break even. And also, what percent of the production process do you think youve successfully troubleshooted here.
Keith Busse: Im going to let Mark answer most of that. Youre right. We wont hit a break even by the end of the year, at least I dont contemplate we will. One month doesnt make a battle, even if we think about a battle in December, so to speak. But I do think with some of the final fixes, the projection rate that Marks been able to achieve in October, if sustainable could shove you a long way in the direction of stemming the losses and that would not be insignificant as you look at next year in terms of how many pennies per share that is. Mark, you want to comment a little more?
Mark Millett: OK. We would hope to have a break even month in the first quarter of next year here. Again, it depends on how successful our modifications are. Again, I want to emphasize, the actual process weve got a lot of confidence in. its just a matter of breaking through and overcoming these mechanical track fissures. Relative to stand alone capacity or whatever, we operated up until a couple of days ago, at 60 percent of our operated capacity consistently this month and weve had many interim periods where were at 85, 90 percent. Its purely getting the equipment bugs worked out. It is a pioneering effort. We have a  its been a scale up from the bottom facility. So were not going as quick as wed like it to, but I think with every confidence that were going to get there.
Keith Busse: Brian, it reminds me a lot of 1989, 1990 in Crawfordsville. I mean that took a solid year to work through pioneering efforts with that new technology and this is the same kind of exciting breakthrough technology thats going to have a very happy landing in the end. But its not a six month deal, and were solving each of the problems systematically as we go forward.
Brian Yu [ph]  Citi: OK. And then really the longer term objective here is to get your own mine permitted so that you can bring down the cost structure more. Thats when youll see the returns contribute to the bottom line?
Keith Busse: I think thats exactly right.
Brian Yu [ph]  Citi: OK.
Keith Busse: Mark said were starting to see rays of sunshine now in permitting. It doesnt mean its going to speed it up terribly, but it wont delay another two years anyway, and he hopes to have a permit in hand late next year.
Brian Yu [ph]  Citi: All right. And then just a last question, switching topics a little bit. I want to get your thoughts on that new TK mill and how damage, just see if youre hearing anything from indirect competition and would you attribute any of the flat roll weakness to perhaps TK trying to build market share?
Keith Busse: I think what happens to any new entry into a market is the clients tend to be satisfied with their suppliers, especially where demand is shorter than supply. And any time somebody tries to break into markets, the only tool in the end  I mean you can shout about your quality all day and all night but in the end the tool, especially in a depressed market is going to be price, and people arent going to let you into their house unless you show them something. And unfortunately, thats probably whats been happening. Its probably had a recent toll on pricing, but in time, they will be assimilated into the market and hopefully not be perhaps as impactful as a new start up would be when its grappling for business, or struggling with this initial production kind of thing. So I think things will settle down. I believe we are at the bottom of another cycle in the market and I think theres, there are brighter days ahead. I wish wed just have a more significant increase in demand. I think its getting better, better, better, but again, were all impatient people and its a little too slow for all of us. Our next questions comes from Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan.
Michael Davelo [ph] with J.P. Morgan: Good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning Mike.
Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan: A couple of questions. First on the potential for exports, you know back in May the consensus in the market was that the dollar was going to go to parity with the Euro, and quite the opposite happened where its at 138. What are your exports now and do you think you have some opportunities to increase exports going forward?
Keith Busse: I think the industry does, Mike. Im not so sure were the best position guy. Well continue to export flumes and SPQ and as Dick mentioned, perhaps billets out of Roanoke. But you know, Butler is not in a position to be an exporter, but thats not a bad thing if other people are export successful. Then perhaps well have a little more success in the domestic market collectively.
Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan: And then in terms of nonresidential construction activity, are you seeing any glimmers of hope for any kind of improvement?
Keith Busse: Only those that you hear from architects and engineers, but not necessarily in terms of backlogs or order entry. Margins, as Gary has mentioned has improved, but the strength of the backlog certainly has not.
Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan: OK. And last question, in terms of the potential for a new flat roll mill, is that predicated on getting Mesabi Nugget up and running you know, to capacity?
Keith Busse: It would be a factor I think. Its probably not an absolute requirement, but I think you want to feel good about the ability to supply high grade ore raw materials to the facility.
Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan: Would that facility, would you anticipate that facilitys product being produced with a much higher level of scrap substitute or Mesabi Nugget or DRI or whatever you want to call it.
Keith Busse: I personally would see it that way because of the markets its intended to serve. And I would think that where wed like to be successful in dedicating our push battery to Butler, youre dedicating it to a facility that produces three million tons or potentially even better in a strong market. This one would not be as large. It would be half as many tons, so if you had an entire new battery dedicated to that, and the first time, it would be a higher percentage of virgin material going into the electric furnaces.
Michael Davelo [ph]  J.P. Morgan: OK. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from Sal Tharani from Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Keith, you had mentioned in the press release and also in the comments about a little bit better long product market. Can you give us a little detail? Is this the products you are in or general market is up and how do you reconcile (inaudible) at the New Millennium which youre still facing.
Keith Busse: I think as Dick said, theres, taking it from the smallest going forward, theres some additional strength especially in the steel arena, special tapes. Were experiencing West Virginia. Roanoke is kind of a niche producer. You know, its some people, feel very good about buying from our competition and other dont and they do a good job of servicing the market from a product quality and service perspective. Were not better than the other fellow on price Im sure, but were not worse either. But at the same time I think keeping them at their operating rate is a very strong possibility. Youve already heard that were going to see more strength in SPQ large. I think well see a little more strength in structural. It wont be significant, but most of the increase in volume coming from greater rail success, and then work to the final market where were not bumping along at a bad rate you know, in relation to our competition in terms of our operating rate, but wed like to be 100 percent all the time. With demand steadily improve, I think well get there, but its going to be a fits and starts kind of environment.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Also, Gary on the joist end of the products, where at some point I believe late last year, early this year where the price of joists was actually below the cost of steel. Has that changed? Has that been a positive right now in these products?
Gary Heasley: That has changed. The prices have come up and thats the comment I made earlier about margins being better. Clearly pricing is not at that level anymore. Its still a very competitive market and certainly in the east as much as in the west, theres still excessive supply. But we have done a lot to cut our costs, making us a lot more efficient, producing every dollar of cost we can, which has really helped us get over the hump on spreads here. So pricing is better, and cost structure is better, and together, thats how weve managed to hit an operating income two months in a row here.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Do you think the two plants youre going to open will be profitable from the very beginning or its going to take you time to make them profitable.
Gary Heasley: I think it will take a little time as we build a backlog, but given the cost structure we think were going to have, it shouldnt be too long. But really the major contributor is going to take some amount of increase in non res construction activity, so were looking at that probably more toward the latter half of 11. This is a more long term investment that we think over time is going to pay great dividends, but were going to have to be pretty careful about how we bring it up and make sure that weve got the backlog in place before we put on the personnel to grow capacity.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: And last question on the rail, Keith you mentioned in your comments (inaudible) products for rail. Do you, are you selling these in shorter lengths also? I thought you were making 240 foot lengths only.
Keith Busse: We are selling them in shorter lengths also which hampers our volume metric capability because the railroads just havent got there. You know, it takes time to change peoples modus operandi, operating methodologies in order entry patterns and also their ability to deal with shorter product. A longer product going into their own well facilities are those under contract. And in time, that will change because there are significant advantages to the railroads to deal with 240s rather than 40s. Cost of welding, that many more welds is much greater and the cost of inspecting them in the field is that much greater. So I think its positively received by the railroads, but not knowing whether or not wed ever get there and having the only facility that can do it, and weld shops that they deal with not being able to deal with it, I think requires them to go out into their own facilities and those under contract and force change to occur in terms of length. And if they can do that, a length that they can accommodate on the entry side that is, if they can do that, I think 240s will grow in popularity and our productivity will grow.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Have any of the class one or class two rail companies bought 240s yet?
Gary Beasley: I think the answer is yes. They only buy it through our weld plant because they dont have any means in which, as Keith was saying, theres not one of their weld plants because theres no other producers in North America and that means factoring in greater, the Navy foot. In just about every facility, loads and unloads off of incoming trains with a fork truck and they cannot lift anything significantly greater than the 80 foot length. So with us, as Keith said, we just decided to make 240s and take them right to our weld plant and weld them. Whereas when were servicing other peoples weld plants, were forced to cut them into 80 foot. And theres also a market that were serving thats 39 foot which is the traditional marketplace and weve just approved a $17.5 million to help de-bottleneck that processing capability at Columbia City so that were more efficient when were producing the shorter lengths which are being ordered by the railroads because theyre having to keep it. It takes time to change. And no one buys the 240s just to take them out in track and drop them off because they need a mini rail train for that. 80 foot lengths stay on one car and thats the standard way we can load them today. But we have had discussions that were hoping to change the standard practices within the industry.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: Charles Bradford with Affiliated Research Group has our next question
Charles Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Hi. Good morning. Could we talk a bit about the ironless supply going into the Mesabi Nugget plant? Are you getting that currently spot or contact and weve been hearing about lower iron ore prices in the market in the fourth quarter. Are you seeing the same kind of thing?
Mark Millett: Chuck, weve had a myriad of different sources, along with just a quite a large inventory that were carrying through to next year, and its a mix of current spot pricing and discounted pricing.
Charles Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: (Inaudible) they talk about you being tied up with the poly met situation. But if you get the permits by the end of next year, when would you be mining and your own product and have it into the Mesabi Nugget plant?
Mark Millett: We would hope within eight months from getting the permit.
Charles Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Thank you.
Operator: Now well go to John Simofis [ph] with John Simofis Very Independent Research [ph].
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning.
Keith Busse: Morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Steel imports have been over two million tons for the last six months of KSI data into August.
Keith Busse:  What has been John?
Unidentified Analyst: Steel imports.
Keith Busse: OK.
Unidentified Analyst: Given that most of your business is relatively close to your Indiana larger mills, does this have any direct impact on your business or do you think its indirectly relevant as even as a semi-finished volume going into California steel for example, has some impact on the U.S. market.
Keith Busse: I think the impact is more indirect, John, and thank you for talking about semi-finished and slabs and all that as part of that two million tons. So I think the important material being put into play by services centers and OEMs is actually significantly down as you know, and probably going to stay down. Its not going to change semi-finished coming into California or slab requirements by others, but I think the impact of that material semi-finished and slabs, is more of an indirect thing.
Unidentified Analyst:  Does it matter enough to your business to make you wonder in retrospect if prices would be better off $10 to $20 lower in retrospect earlier this year and having fended off some of that foreign supply?
Keith Busse: I dont think so. I think the market has a keen sense of the information age of where its at, whether its east coast, west coast, Midwest, and pricing that exists in one neck of the woods tends to be responded to rather rapidly in the other neck of the woods, so I dont think theres a lot of sheltering going on there.
Unidentified Analyst: Keith, would the foreign coastal supply impact where you site your next sheet mill?
Keith Busse: Would the foreign ...
Unidentified Analyst: Would import competition influence your next endeavor. And for example, might you locate an import dominated region as an opportunity.
Keith Busse: I was just going to say, I think it is the opposite. Wed have probably a negative impact on imports with our presence and thats a positive event, although it just doesnt allow us to serve other markets were not currently powerful in or dont have the capability to serve.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Mark Parr with KeyBanc has our next question.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Yeah, hi Keith, can you hear me?
Keith Busse: Yeah, I can Mark. Good morning.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Good morning. I had a couple of questions if I could. First, could you talk at all about the kinds of spreads that youre seeing on rail products compared to spreads on beams and the other products within Columbia City?
Keith Busse: I will tell you, its really hard to get your hands around that. We know product pricing on one in relation to another. The input costs arent a heck of a lot different, and spreads are a difficult subject when youre running at very low operating rates were running at today.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Whats the, how does the average price on rail compare to the average price of the rest of the Columbia City portfolio?
Keith Busse: I think its slightly higher (inaudible) $50 to $100 higher.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: OK. So that theoretically could be pretty helpful to profitability as you continue to increase the mix of that product going forward as that mill recovers.
Keith Busse: (Inaudible) be helpful, but its going to put you back as I said earlier to the level of profitability that facility is at when its fully loaded.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Right. OK. One thing I was curious about, the wells facility that you have at Columbia City, whats the capacity of that right now? Do you have several hundred thousand tons of welding capability built into the site yet?
Keith Busse: We have about 200,000 tons or slightly more and its also expandable, Mark. Did you hear that Mark?
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Yeah, I got that. And thats really helpful. Another thing Im curious, Jake you had talked about how it takes a while for the rail guys to kind of shift around and one of the constraints there is the longer term contracts they have with existing weld shops where theyve outsourced that step in the process. Are these multi-year contracts? Are these annual contracts? Is it something you can make inroads on in 11 or do you have to wait until 12 or 14 or 15 before you can really see the market kind of move in your direction. You know, that being the 240 foot to 320 foot section.
Gary Heasley: The railroads are needless to say, very meticulous in their business dealings and they dont have multi, multi-year periods. But theres investments. Theres relationships that are existent. The weld shops are in appropriate locations based on where our competitors produce the rail or the rail is imported into, and nobodys going to just rush off and abandon those relationships that they have. Well continue to make inroads based on quality and service and so forth, but we are already quoting as we have in the past, quoted towards annual or semi- two year, six month contract with the railroads and those are not cast in stone. We are making inroads in those.
Keith Busse: Mark, I had one railroad guy tell me just recently that they were truly excited about our product, wanted to buy more from us, that they wanted to feel good about our commitment to being in this business, and I assured them were here to stay. So as we give them confidence in our capability on our arena rail land our willingness to dedicated time and resources to it, I think theyll buy more and more product.
Gary Heasley: I was going to make just one clarification, Mark. On the pricing we were talking about, were talking about where the markets at. We have been shipping low volumes and so forth and weve had higher yield issues, meaning tough performances should be more to the IQ market. We will see a significant improvement. I was trying to refer more to market, not necessarily all these (inaudible) where were at.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Great. I just, I appreciate that color. I had one other question. And Keith, I dont know if you have any color on this or not, but given some of the  if you believe the press, you know were looking at some changes in Washington in the next couple of weeks, at least with the upcoming elections. And along the lines of that, has there been any discussion that youre aware of potentially a new infrastructure build, as that is really more focused around job creation that could result in an increase in steel going into our infrastructure for 11, 12 and 13?
Keith Busse: Ive only heard reference to it Mark. I dont know if its substance at this point in time.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: There is some discussion of that that youre aware of?
Keith Busse: That Im aware of yes.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: OK. Any particular congressional offices that would be worth contacting to discuss that a little bit further that you could share?
Keith Busse: I dont know. Theyre all running for cover. I dont know how much color youre going to get out of anyone at this point in time.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Youre not going to get much before the election I know that. Thats for sure.
Keith Busse: I think we had a, if we had a box to check to cast them all out of office, thatd be the one that most everybody would check probably. So I think theyre in their potholes at this point in time.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: OK Keith. Thanks a lot and congratulations on making money in a really tough environment.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator: Well now take our final question which is a follow up from Michelle Applebaum with Phil Market Intelligence [ph]
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Hi. Its interesting to hear all the progress on Nuggets. Can we go back and talk about what the cost of Nuggets are and compare perhaps to a more traditional DRI facility kind of thing if you were building one from the ground up or the material that you could buy, like pig or CRI in the spot market, or in a longer term contractual kind of thing? And then also, just sort of the economics.
Keith Busse: I dont think its worth talking about where you are today.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Oh, no, I dont mean today.
Keith Busse: From productivity, I think the discussion really centers around where youre going to be six, eight months from now with the ore content at our disposal, and that cost structure and the one youll have with your own ore content, and that cost structure, and youd have to define it at full capacity, the sooner we get there. And Ill let Mark address that.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Im sorry, I meant full capacity, and I actually meant the question for you Mark. Sorry.
Mark Millett: Thats OK. I think as weve stated in the past and given our, when weve been running the facility at the sort of 80 to 85 percent capacity level, the consumption numbers, natural gas consumption numbers I think weve confirmed its going to meet our expectations. And so with our own concentrate, which we have told you in the past will be fully loaded in the $40 to $45 range that would give you nuggets in the $300 to $325 range. And current concentrate price today adds about $120 to $140.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: And how does that compare over the cycle to market prices for comparable material and how would it compare if you were doing a more traditional way?
Keith Busse: Well $300 a ton is a heck of a lot better than what you can buy it at, lets put it that way. It probably includes in time profit to the mining industry as well. But Im not so sure it compares all that favorably to a fully appreciated mining operation that exists on the range today.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Nothing would compare to that.
Mark Millett: Mine costs, if you just take out the fixed cost, you know a mine today is probably going out of the ground for about $21 to $23, and to honest were not going to be much different than that. Were probably going to be $25 to $26.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Thats (inaudible), right?
Keith Busse: On a depreciated basis, what hes saying to you is that if theyre at $23, we may be at $26. We may be $3 more expensive than the existing well refined assets.
Mark Millett: And then you load that up with depreciation, interest, thats where you get up to the $40 to $45.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: And a lot of the older facilities dont necessarily have such depreciation.
Mark Millett: No, weve only been able to glean their operating cost structure. We dont necessarily know whether the mines up there even know what their cost is to be honest with you.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: No, its difficult. You can see some of it implicitly in their numbers, but its very difficult. And those are all assuming youre where you want to be on the production side.
Mark Millett: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: But then what about product capabilities? Would we be seeing you be able to expand the products that you offer on the flat roll side and maybe even SBQ because of this, or no.
Mark Millett: I think from the standpoint of product capability on sheet and engineered rolls it would have the same basic positive characteristics as pig iron today. We would pick up added productivity perhaps, and better quality as we continuously feed it during the melt process, but its essentially pig iron.
Keith Busse: Its got better yield.
Michelle Applebaum  Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Ok. Thats great. OK. Thank you.
Keith Busse: Thank you. Karen, does that conclude it?
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A portion of todays conference.
Keith Busse: Its been a long call, but a good call and I want to thank everyone for joining us and thank you for your continued support. To all of our employees that are listening, thank you for the wonderful job youve done throughout these very difficult periods. Until next time, were signing off.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Richard Teets - President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Operations  Mark Millett - Executive Vice President of Steel Operations  Gary Heasley - Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Business Development  Fred Warner - Investor Relations Manager 
Analysts: Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch  Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research  Timna Tanners  UBS  Luke Folta - Longbow Research  Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs  Mark Liinamaa  Morgan Stanley  Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets  Charles Bradford  Affiliated Research Group  Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company 
 :
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Richard Teets, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations, Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation, Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Inc. and President of New Millenium Building Systems, Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Inc, and Fred Warner, Investor Relations manager. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead sir.
Fred Warner: Thank you and welcome to the Steel Dynamics second quarter of 2010 conference call. The call is being webcast live July 20th, 2010 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call from our website or download the call as a podcast.  During today's call, our management will make some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical fact are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that we may make today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental and monetary and fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes of market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit market, price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, equipment performances or failures or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks which could cause actual results to differ materially from todays forward-looking statements. Refer the section entitled Forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10K and in other quarterly reports on Form 10Q as well as in other reports to be filed from time to time with the SEC. Those are publicly available on SECs website, www.sec.gov and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Now lets begin todays call with comments from our chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Thank you Fred, good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today. As you can see at our report, our second quarter was -- it was a fairly decent second quarter when you consider a kind of a lackluster environment for flat-rolled order entry that occurred late in the quarter and certain mechanical issues, specifically transformer issues that we encountered. We are in $49 million of net income versus a loss of $16 million in the prior years second quarter; declining $0.22 a share versus an $0.8 loss. Versus the first quarter, net income was down from 65 million to 49 million and earnings were down from $0.29 to $0.22. As reported, our second quarter sales boom of 1.6 billion were more than double our sales for the second quarter of 09 and were 5% higher than the first quarter as you can see later in the body of the report, much of that due to average steel selling prices increasing by $93 per ton during the quarter. Second quarter shipments of 1.3 million tons were 43% higher than 09 but were 10% lower than the first quarter and I think thats really a point where I would pause and say when you look at our operating income per ton of $108 in steel, and our volume from quarter to quarter being of 142,000 tons, had our volume not been often been at least the same as the first quarter, I would imagined our operating profit would be higher than $108 a ton and when you multiply that kind of a number times the decrease in shipping volumes that occurred because of some (inaudible) mechanical issues, we lost about somewhere between 15 and $17 million worth of operating income, and when you combine that with our second quarter in recycling that being is good as our first and the operating income declined there. You put those two together and multiply it times 60% for a tax effect and profit sharing etcetera, we could have done -- if we should or could -- we could have done $0.9 better than the previous quarter above $0.30 so for me, one of the takeaways is the pretty steady Eddy [ph] operating profit per ton being generated, which was about $9 higher than the first quarter. We also mentioned -- while selling price has increased $93 a ton during the quarter, scrap costs also increased by $49 during the quarter. Our steel operating income though was not down very much as you can see, down from 138 the first quarter to 134 million and most of the decline in income really occurred in the recycling arena, if you will, which Mark Millett will speak to that in greater detail. I couldnt help but look at the consolidated statement of operations and note that for 6 months ending period in 09 we had lost $104 million and this year we made 114 million. Obviously, $220 million turnaround when you measure 6 -- that period when we went from a loss of $0.56 a share to a profit of $0.51 a share which -- in what is really a pretty shaky economy for the most part, having its fits and stats and ups and downs if you will. As we noted here, we did see some weakness, some flat-rolled order entry and bounced up and down in late May and came back a little in June and then declined at the end of June and rather lackluster at the beginning of July, which I think is really reflective of the fact that most of industrial America goes on vacation early July usually and you have -- follow your change over events and what not, so it would be expected that shipping -- that order entry late in the quarter and shipping early in the third quarter would be impacted by that usually is almost every year unless you had a very, very strong economy. We also talked about the fact that we had a malfunctioning melt shop transformer at Butler, and that is repaired and running well, although weve had some -- we had a capacitor bank fail in July on our static core [ph] system and were on a loss to run at the highest level of melt shop tap rate, which is going to affect volume in July as will rather weak order entry as well. So we dont expect July to be a real strong month going forward, but I think August and September have some pretty decent prospects. I think weve kind of reached the bottom of pricing in the steel community. I think we -- I believe weve reached the bottom and I believe as we progress into Autumn and early Fall, I think youll see a better pricing environment and perhaps even more margin available to the steel side of our business. As it relates to scrap, I read some morning commentary that certain folks believe that scrap was probably going to be up sharply in August. I dont believe -- thats a personal opinion, that thats going to be the case. Weak order entry across sectors -- entire sectors and segments coupled with decent inventory levels and certain scrap arenas and weak export and declining price environment recently in steel would lead me to conclude that youre not going to see any strength in August in the cost of ferrous resources. Im not sure how much it could decline or advance but I dont think its going to advance by 20 or 30 bucks a ton, theres some where advertising could be the case.  But I do believe youre going to see a better priced environment as you walk forward late August and September for resources. Mesabi Nugget, as you can see, we lost about $12 million there, not a whole lot different than what we had lost in the first quarter. A lot of mechanical issues occurred, Mark will talk about that and we replaced equipment, upgraded equipment, are in a much better position than we were. Metallization is very, very good. The tests weve run on the nuggets were very high on them so its a matter of delivering volume at this point in time. So as we roll forward, we see the steel markets for our products remaining relatively steady with some short term uncertainty surrounding the demand for flat-rolled steel, I think primarily tied to order entry at the end of June, early July (inaudible) change overs and outages and vacations and what not. But I do believe it will strengthen, and pricing could strengthen as we go forward. I dont really look for the economy to sharply strengthen, I dont think its going to go backwards and I dont see it double dip here. Therefore progress will be probably just slow and steady. As it relates to our structural business we ran a little higher operating rate in the quarter than we had, shipped a little bit more than we did in the first quarter. But its still a fairly weak environment for heavy structural products. Our other long products output remains in good shape. We have excellent backlogs at SPQ shop in Pittsboro and excellent backlogs at Lonout [ph] and Steel West Virginia. So theres some strength there in small bars, at least in our camp. Its kind of steady as you go with a mildly improving environment for structurals and serving up and down really close to ride with regard to flat roll and we said we would have board say about it later on which has become our practice to really comment on how we see the quarter evolving a little later in the quarter. So thats kind of the synopsis as I see it of really where we were. You probably note that most of the loss in shipments was between either the flat roll division or the checks. Pretty steady shipping volumes, up a little in structural and up a little in engineered bars and roll out about the same roll out performed at a much better level had they not encountered transformer issues which we believe are currently resolved. So with that I will the commentary over to Mr. Teets to talk about our steel making efforts and then to Mark Millet to talk about resources.
Richard Teets: Thank you Keith. Good morning. Id first like to acknowledge some of the excellent safety efforts at our steel facilities. Id like to note that Roanoke bar division worked the second quarter without having a reportable incident. Great job by the Roanoke team, thank you. During the second quarter at Columbia City, they eclipsed the 1 million man hours worked milestone without a loss-time injury. Congratulations to Dean and rail team on that accomplishment. A couple of comments about each of our major facilities as far as operations go. At Butler as Keith mentioned we saw orders trail off slightly into end of the quarter. We therefore made the decision to swap out the EAF transformer as we were operating one with a repaired bushing and a history that has shown failures, a failure is probable. Therefore we took about a five day outage to make the switch and it was a very smooth job, safely and on time and congratulations to the team for that effort. Also at Butler our galvanizing and painted products backlog probably is the bright spot, it has extended itself further than it has in at least a year and continues to be where were focusing. We believe that customer shipments in flat roll continued to increase month over month while inventories remained manageably low. At Columbia City were currently commissioning the Number 2 Casting machine, support strand, blue and billet machine has been casting a couple of hits a day to work in and about, theres relationship progress being made at Columbia City. Also there the medium section mill has successfully returned to production as licensing products coming out from both of our mills now. And theres nothing positive to say about the construction market but well say that were focusing on the rail production for the third quarter and were forecasting around 30,000 tons and growing and thats annualized would be 100,000 tons for the year. So were excited about the progress being made in quality and in quantity at Columbia City with rail. At Pittsboro as Keith mentioned we have a very strong backlog, in fact yesterday we announced a $40 ton price a piece. Effectively they are in this quarter on all products not covered by pricing agreements previously negotiated. Weve seen an increase in enquires to products in the line of motors plus a trucks and heavy equipment areas as well. Weve had years worth of challenges and other note during the second quarter. The melt shop experienced a 20 day outage due to a string of EAF transformer failures. Im happy to say that after subsequent bushing period here in the beginning of July, they are back running strong and making up ground. During June the melt shortfall produced about 3 days of rolling and impacted shipments probably about 7,000 tons of those, 1,000 tons of phoenix bars. At (inaudible) we remained with coated optimism as our core markets of sub-trailer and industrial lift trucks show slight signs of improvement. All of the team there has been recalled and we are actually in the process of interviewing for additional permanent employees. We took an extended shutdown the melt shop at Steel West Virginia to upgrade the fume collection system to be compliant with our title five permit. All went extremely well with only detail work and compliance testing to be completed. Also congratulations to the steel electric unit number one rolling on team for successfully commissioning some new miscellaneous channel inspections. Additional sections are scheduled to be trialled this quarter. Great job by everyone there and again not much to report for the Tex, theyre experiencing the same market pressures as Butler. We continue to use this time for equipment upgrades and maintenance needs. Across the board we remained focused on safety, quality and efficiency to be prepared for when the markets opportunities return. Thanks to the team for your efforts.
Keith Busse: Mark.
Mark Millett: Well good morning everybody. On recycling side of the business ferrous scrap demand was robust during the quarter, shipments totaling about 1.3 million tons, up 10% quarter over quarter. This was our highest quarterly shipping volume recorded since the 2008 end term. Now its double the volume recorded the same period last year. April, May shipments were particularly strong. Our June dropped off in concert with reduced domestic fill low utilization rate. Inbound scrap during the quarter remained relatively stable. 0.2% of the ferrous shipments were internal to SDI steel mills. Together to note I believe that although for some (inaudible) slightly hit the markets pricing starting through the quarter. Increased volumes resulted in total gross margin dollars from our first business remaining essentially unchanged quarter over quarter. In (inaudible) our shipping volumes remained level quarter over quarter at approximately 235 million. However, our financial results declined paralleling the base level markets as they were negatively impacted by Southern base climbs in Europe, strong dollar, the signs that the Chinese market is decelerating. Still going (inaudible) the interest of hedge fund managers were speculative in the industrial melts. At the beginning of 20 month high in April, $3.59 per pound caused the prices continued to stumble through the months of May and June. Volumes were 270 before slight recovery to 293, a loss of 17% over the quarter. Aluminum dropped 16% boring from above 5 to $0.88. Nickel, the principal value of our stainless metal dropped 21% from $11.34 to 896 a pack. Systemic trends significantly eroded on non-ferrous module. On resourced (inaudible) second quarter of the income, as you saw it was $25 million was compared to $43 million in the first quarter. Whereas our ferrous corporations were essentially flat as they did quarter over quarter, their operating income falling just $3 million in the then market. Our non-ferrous operations declined approximate $15 million to impede the impact in that ring. Two third of this decline was direct margin compression while approximately a third of decrease was associated with unrealized market to market adjustments for our hedging positions. If you compare quarter to quarter, these adjustments resulted in a gain during the first quarter of about $4.2 million and a loss during this most recent quarter of roughly $400,429. Moving to Minnesota, commissioning, as Keith suggested, the Mesabi Nugget project has been progressing well, a little over 19,000 metric tons being shipped in the second quarter. Two principal factors limited production in the quarter. Basically a seven day edit was taken in May to investigate and subsequently eliminate a potential safety concern and then secondly as I believe I discussed in the last call, the drawing systems for the cooling drum was under design as limited throughput to a maximum of 55% of its total mass capacity when were running full ring. These issues have been corrected during the current July adage which is coming out of that in the next couple of days. These issues aside, many other equipment and process improvements have been achieved. Changes to material conveying systems, (inaudible), practices and other equipment improvements increased operating availability to about 50% during the month of June, although it was 70% being achieved in the last week of June before we went back to (inaudible) competitors. The respective supplying system was commissioned allowing improved raw material conversion yield for significant cost improved. Further process draining has led to continued product quality enhancement, the nugget composition. Again as Keith mentioned its excellent, its on a consistent 97% iron content. Substantially above that value in conventional imported pig iron and furthermore the science content in the product which is a combination of small quantities of iron and small particles of VI, has been substantially decreased. In fact the electric-arc furnace shop in Butler (inaudible) has consumed all materials shipped today with excellent results. Although second quarter pre-tax loss increased slightly quarter over quarter, if you look at the operating loss, it actually improved marginally from 9.6 million down to 9.3 million and profitability is still expected to be achieved before the end of the year. So thank you to all our teams, (inaudible) gentlemen and ladies. Keith, back to you.
Keith Busse: Again Gary, fabrication switch.
Gary Heasley: Sure, thanks Keith. As everyone is aware now residential construction continued to be weak and is likely to be weak for some time. However, with the joint business weve seen inventory rise, bookings have stabilized. Actually bookings are up slightly for the year in date numbers and while shipments are down slightly reflecting (inaudible) everyone has coming into this year. With the combination of bookings lean up slightly and looking at whats going on in pricing, pricing is improving as well. It appears to us that our belief that the industry really bottomed in the first quarter of 2010 is probably correct. The recovery that we expect to come in the joint business is going to be slow, its going to take a lot of time but it is not getting any worse and is getting in fact a little bit better. Now price improvements that weve seen so far year to date are partially offset with increased field costs and that continues to keep margins tight. But we have grown share beginning in late 2009 and we further increased share, one of our major competitors exited the business early this year and that is reflected in the significant increase in shipments that weve seen in the second quarter over the first quarter. So good news in pricing, good news in volumes and its clear that things will continue to improve. We see light at the end of the tunnel, the environment remains challenging and will continue to be difficult but we do see steady improvement from here. We believe that this business is going to recover, well get back to positive earnings well before the overall recovery has been on residential construction market by keeping a tight focus on costs and growing our share for more times through the shops. So thats where we are from here. Keith, back to you.
Keith Busse: Thanks Gary. Theresa, would you provide some balance sheet commentary and other statistical data as you usually do.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you Keith. Good morning everyone. During the first quarter, we maintained our liquidity at 1.1 billion which represents our cash on hand plus our $924 million revolver. Our leverage ration continued to improve as total debt to EBITDA was 3.5 times at June 30th versus 4.1 times at March 31st and additionally our interest coverage ration improved quarter over quarter from 3.8 times to 4.4 times. Our NASDAQ increased $36 million during the quarter. Cash flow from operations were $19 million verses 73 million achieved during the first quarter as funding was required for working capital. Specifically, inventories increased to $117 million worth 13%. This is driven by increased volumes and pricing in finished goods and raw materials that are steel operations. Most notably at the (inaudible) positions which absolutely makes sense given the averages that they had during June. Additionally, our raw material inventory associated with our continued ramp up of nugget operations increased working capital by about $18 million. We currently anticipate a rather neutral impact cash ferrous rate working capital movement in the third quarter and a normal seasonal trend of decreased needs in the fourth. During the second quarter we received just over $90 million in Federal income tax refunds and we expect to receive an additional 10 to 12 million dollars during the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate before minority interest during the second quarter was 39% versus a 35.2% in the first quarter. Our second quarter rate was much higher than we had anticipated. We currently estimate our full year 2010 effective tax rate before minority interest to impact like 38% which will represent a second quarter range around 38.5. During the quarter our capital expenditures totaled $41 million. Depreciation was $42 million and capitalized interest associated with these projects was 1.9 million. Capitalized interest is expected to further decrease during the remainder of 2010 as our capital projects are coming to completion. Our outlook remainder of 2010 depreciation and (inaudible) remains at between 55 and 50 million dollars per quarter. Our net interest expense during the quarter increased $5.2 million compared to the first quarter. The change is both a reflection of decreased capitalized interest of 1.5 million and our changing capital structure with the addition of a 350 million of Gino note issued in March 2010. Gross interest expense for the quarter was $45.4 million with an effective interest rate of 7.3%. We had 216.8 million shares of common stock outstanding at June 30th. We also had in the dilution factor convertible notes with underlying shares of 16.4 million and diluted options of 1.6 million. Our expectations for the third quarter would be to have diluted outstanding shares of approximately 235 to 235.5 million shares. I know many of you like to have the flat roll shipments breakdown so for the second quarter, our hot roll shipment was 276,000, our pickled and oiled was 66,000, cold roll 41,000, hot roll galvanized 95,000, cold rolled galvanized 57,000, painted 68,000 and Galvalume 20,000. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thank you Theresa. Vicky well proceed right away to the Q&A piece of the report.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Well go first to Kuni Chen with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Hi, good day everybody.
Keith Busse: Hi Kuni.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: How are you doing? I guess just first off, clearly from your discussion here the near term outlook and the ton going forward is a little bit more cautious. Can you just give us a little bit more color on that? Is that more from this day a pricing perspective or from a volume and demand perspective and then certainly with the flat roll volume being down sequentially in the second quarter. Can you give us some flavor on how much of that sort of comes back in the third quarter?
Keith Busse: Well, I think from a long product perspective well see increases probably in the third quarter simply said. Flat roll perspective, the weakness is really going to be exhibited I think in July from an order entry perspective. I think youre going to see strengthening order entries. Already started to see it here in late July and I think that could continue. I think underlying demand remained steady. I think you have people that were working off a little stronger inventory platforms going into the summer outages, scrap prices were declining, steel prices were declining. Probably a lot of folks sitting on their hands because I said I think we probably are very close to a bottom and I think youre going to see steel prices rebound at some point in time during this quarter and I dont have any specific time frame for that to occur. But during the quarter, I think youll see it start to strengthen and as I said I think youll start to see ferrous scrap prices later in the quarter perhaps start to strengthen as well. My comment about ferrous scrap was really kind of limited to what youre going to see here at the end of July for delivery in August. I think theres still going to be some weakness out there but I think once you get through that weaker period it will strengthen going later into August and maybe so. At least for deliveries in September and October, save a little drag around (inaudible), the weak order entries that we experienced in late June and early July probably came at a good time. As I said earlier, we lost a bank anesthetic bar system which isnt allowing us to run the melt shop at full capacity. So I guess the two are matching up fairly well but theyre still going to leave July a little short followed by increased expectations for August and September.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Okay, got you. I guess theres one quick follow on up, Ill turn it over. I guess lately weve seen some recent new capacity announcements in the electrical corner sector. Does that impact your own plans or thought process as far as what you may do down the road? Do you feel like you may need to put a stake in the ground at some point before somebody else can sort of beat you to the punch?
Keith Busse: Are you talking about long products or flat roll?
Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Either.
Keith Busse: Well Im not aware of any new flat rolled projects that are concrete. Weve talked about Irish for some period of time and were still working on it. Discovering new technologies and modifications to existing technologies that were kind of excited about; we havent quite dug up the last one of them but Dick and I are pretty positive about the project and the likelihood of it going forward. But Im aware of any other significant electric art projects that are -- have been announced for the United States anyway. And in long products were kind of a smaller player, obviously Mr. Cranys [ph] rebar project is under development right now and they may move forward with one or two additions to the rebar universe in the due course of time but I havent seen any of their growth announcements to any long products.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Moving on well go to Michelle Applebaum with Michelle Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: First I want to say, I know it was a weak quarter but I want to point out that you were upfront, you were ahead of us on that and I think on the conference call in April you said that the $0.37 forecast for second quarter at that point was too high. So congratulations on reining us in. And for anybody who knows you well as I do, Keith, that that is impressive, so congratulations on that. The second thing I wanted to ask you about was, can you give me a little bit better tool to do a forecast for the recycling business for next quarter? It's a bit more challenging; it seems to be more volatile and it's a new line of business and I understand it's been going through some restructuring. What are the moving pieces to look at?
Keith Busse: I think one of the encouraging things, and Ill let Mark speak to this, but one of the encouraging things that he told everyone this morning is the margins were fairly stable in the ferrous end of it and a little loss of margin but not a lot and volume was up. I dont expect volume is going to sag and there could be a margin challenge in July here, maybe even a little bit in August, but well rebound quite nicely from that. I think you saw the impact was really a non-ferrous we would have expected that that could return as well. But we have indeed taken a lot of hard costs out of recycling and as volumes continue to grow I think that will bode well for us. And I think the environment going forward in recycling as you look deeper into the year and probably 11 is probably for a lot better strength. Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Millett: Well, Michelle, I think were having an equally difficult time trying to forecast but
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: I know it's not doable.
Mark Millett : But I said in both of the last calls, predicting whats going to happen both in the ferrous and non-ferrous markets is tough more than a couple of weeks ahead. But generally I think that on the ferrous side of our business we did well, in a down market, prime scrap last quarter down twenty bucks. So obsolete scrap down 30 to $40, and in that environment to maintain kind of a flat margin was very, very good effort by the team. As Keith suggested, Julys pricing down in one month $40, $45, we will have a little bit of a (inaudible) in June, July but I do believe August and certainly September is going to be strengthening market for us on pricing spread and volumes will beshould be sideways I think.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Mark?
Mark Millett: Yes?
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Can I ask, is it possible we could have a quarter that looks more like the first quarter than the second in terms of results?
Mark Millett: I dont believe so.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: You dont think so?
Mark Millett: No.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: But the quarter would look more like the second than the first?
Mark Millett: I would hope slightly better than the second but again it depends where the market goes to be honest. Because the non ferrous, as you can see from this past quarter the non ferrous side of our business is quite influential on our bottom line. And if you look back at history, and I mean history being the last two, three, four years, non-ferrous and ferrous tended to balance each other up. Quite often the ferrous side of the business would not do so well, it gets buoyed up by non-ferrous and vice versa. In the most recent climate both of them have been poor. In the non-ferrous world, obviously, there is a lot of uncertainty out there; people generally are suggesting that we are stuck in the current trading ranges for both copper and aluminum, but if they were to go strongly one way or other, it's going to have a major impact on earnings.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Can I ask another question?
Mark Millett: Certainly, go ahead.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Not for you Mark, for Keith. Is there any truth to the noise in the market place that youre looking at the CMC deck and joist operations?
Keith Busse : We have no comment about what we are looking at or not looking at, Michelle.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Are they for sale?
Keith Busse: I think we all know that they are.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, all right. Would you be interested potentially or?
Keith Busse: We are in the business
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, sorry. Im done, thanks.
Operator: Next is Timna Tanners with UBS
Timna Tanners  UBS: Yeah, good morning. One, wanted to touch base with you a little bit just to make sure I understood, have you quantified, are you able to talk a little bit about how much in the second quarter might have been attributed to some of the different outages that you talked about?
Keith Busse: We have really tried to boil it down to that. You could say, well with the weakness you can afford to lose five days, but at the same time I dont know what the sales team might have been able to actually rein in or reel in at that moment in time. So there is no real way to quantify it and I think the best way to look at it is if we could have been at the same volume we were in the first quarter or improved, still had ability to improve upon it, you multiply that times some kind of a number underneath or better from a cost compression& stand point, you could have had remarkably better earnings in steel in Q2. So the potential is certainly there.
Timna Tanners  UBS: I understand, I guess we are also trying to follow up on which between the two different averages if I recall that you might argue that there would have been more potential to sell out a little better on the SBQ side than on the flat rolled side; is that conceptually the right way to think about it?
Keith Busse : Probably, it wasnt SBQ anyway, it was Roanoke and it's strictly bar products. And as Dick said, they might have rolled seven to ten thousand more tons and they might have shipped 3,000, 5,000 tons more billets. But any way you look at it, they probably wouldnt have got beyond 120,000, 125,000 tons. But that would impact earnings by perhaps a couple of a million dollars in and of itself. So there was definitely an impact from the transformer debacle at Roanoke, it did impact, the earnings drag was all about the transformer, it wasnt about the market weakness.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay, got you. And then want to understand on Mesabi, I understood that you are saying that youre still expecting to be profitable by the end of the year, but how do we think about that? Is that meaning no outage costs, or -- I mean do we expect that $12 million or so to be reversed or are we expecting something beyond that? If you could talk a little bit more about Mesabi Nugget expectations?
Keith Busse: Well I was pretty impressed with Mark reaching right out there and saying he was going to be profitable by year end. At the rate its been going Id like to just break even by year end, but a very positive outlook from his perspective. Mark?
Theresa Wagler : Timna, the comment that Mark made wasnt that it all gained in the second half, but also it offset the losses in the first half, he was really was speaking to profitability on a monthly basis.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay, so monthly not quarterly necessarily, right?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah.
Keith Busse: Yeah, I guess it's possible that you can have a profitable December and not a profitable fourth quarter.
Theresa Wagler: In short, things should be improving dramatically between now and the end of the year.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay, great. Thats what I was looking for, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Luke Folta, with Longbow Research.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning everybody.
Keith Busse: Morning.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Quick question I had, just to follow up on Mesabi Nuggets, if things go as planned and you are able to reach profitability by the end of the year, can you give us just a ball pack figure on what sort of contribution we can expect for next year? Understanding there is a lot of variables in the calculation?
Mark Millett: As far as what the figuring price would be and at least we can just give you an estimate to be honest.
Keith Busse: And more importantly concentrate pricing.
Theresa Wagler: We reallyI dont think at this time wed want to talk about 2011 contributions from Mesabi Nugget. Obviously we expect it to become profitable operations at that point and we are expecting that the utilization rate will be approaching capacity of a thousand metric tons during 2011. So if all those things go well you can work costs. And the working key play, it really depends a lot with raw material costs as well but I dont think we should be commenting on the actual dollar amount for 2011.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay, any update on the mining permit?
Keith Busse: Doing the battle, I dont think mush difference on the last call. The EISW is in we are sort of negotiating and discussing; that would be the state right now.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay, an intercept please. If you could add some more color on your comment? You said that the supply of scrap, Keith had mentioned its okay that maybe certain segments of the market may be better than others; Im just trying to understand, whats the real basis for your expectation of scrap and steel prices start to move up towards the end of the summer?
Keith Busse : I think the -- we probably did see a lot more capacity return serving a depleted store shelf, I do expect demand to continue to move slightly forward, not backward. I think a lot of the restocking we had approved in the first quarter some of those tons came off the shelf late in the second quarter and I think you had a lot of buyers expecting prices to come down with declining resource costs. And so I think a lot of people probably are a little reserved from an all-direction perspective but there is not a lot of inventory out there. I expect youll see a little bit of strength actually return and I couldnt possibly predict what takes place, but I think youve probably seen the bottom and you can see a strengthening environment both in resource with the value of resources sold into the market place and the value of steel products. But I dont think thats a July event or necessarily an August event but I think as you walk through autumn and the fall, it's my belief youll see a strengthening environment. I think in that fairly weak levels that still exists and I believe that as the buyer realizes the bottom here is being reached, they may not aggressively come back in the market but they will come back into the market. Theres some capacity that will be shattered. Im sure in the meantime this will be a better match.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay, it appears to me that flows are better on the prime side and thats (inaudible) is our last question.
Keith Busse: Flows on the prime side versus (inaudible).
Mark Millett: I would suggest that the prime flows will remain tight going forward and there is an up shift in our quarter entry across the steel mills and the utilization goes up. I think youre going to see that strengthen in the course of an update. On the up flipside, I believe that the flows are obviously from a seasonal standpoint, weather stand point that are good and as you -- again that mini utilization picks up and thats the over September, the demand would go on pressing up along with -- I think (inaudible) activities is probably going to turn [ph] the market in the next month or two.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Alright, thanks a lot (inaudible).
Operator: Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Keith Busse: Morning Sal?
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, how are you? Hey Keith, can you give us some color on what the utilization rate was at Butler? I know you had some disruption over there but what was it? In the second quarter and where are you now?
Keith Busse: I think utilization cut from a hundred down to whatever we did probably a little north of eighty in the second quarter, 83, 85, somewhere in that area. Wed expect with a weaker start in July that youre going to experience the same kind of thing in the third quarter.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay, but probably July is lower than 83; is that correct to say?
Keith Busse: Yes.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs : Okay. But you obviously
Keith Busse: Probably be in the 70s would be my guess in July.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs : Also, Dick, how much Cap are you carrying at the (inaudible) mill, how do you see that compared to last few quarters?
Mark Millett : Well in March thats where were all jumping in, especially in inventories (inaudible) that are being maintained around that full lease.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs : Is that -- you guys are for across the board, you think?
Mark Millett : We cant tell you what other companies are doing but I think that they vary between 3 and 4 weeks is a pretty accurate statement in our own house and we wouldnt get excited if they went down to 2. But we are not planning on carrying 6 or 8 either.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs : The reason I am asking is because 55% of your scrap or (inaudible) does go to other mills and you might have some idea how other mills are positioned.
Keith Busse : Well I dont think demand was all that strong given the exhibited weakness in order entry and other arenas as well. I mean we werent alone in experiencing some weakness. If there hadnt been that weakness out there, the price would have declined so there is weakness and some of these people probably didnt play off as much inventory or produced as much as they had hoped for and that can leave them a little stronger inventory position as it did us. Wed probably wouldnt even have 4 weeks if we had shipped in 100,000 tons. But at 3 weeks -- its going to float around in that area for us all.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs : Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: Mark Parr with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Okay thanks very much, can you hear me okay Keith Busse?
Keith Busse : Sure can.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Okay terrific. One of the things that I noticed as Garry had talked about seeing the bottom in the deck and joys business but some of the flat-rolled commentary around coated products -- seen to suggest continued weakness, is there -- could you give a little more color just about the construction marketplace and kind of where you are seeing some perhaps some auto making a little bit of upside and what segments of the market you look for continued weakness in there over the next quarter or two?
Keith Busse : Were not rehearsing, we all have a different opinion but I do believe that weve probably seemed more a hot roll weakness than you are in coated products and painted goods and bi-painted. Thats held up better. I think the first thing to go and obviously the first thing to come back sometimes is hot roll, Dick?
Mark Millett : Well, I concur with Keith Busse; thats what weve been experiencing.
Keith Busse: And there were a couple of sectors that fell much faster than overall non residential construction (inaudible) one of those, so the dynamics of the different segments will be different.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Okay and then I guess if you would look at the others party or constructive business clearly rolling up and the structural side as well. If you looked at your total, the totality of your construction and markets which is -- how much of a change would you expect in shipping volumes in the third quarter relative to the second, based in what you seeing right now?
Keith Busse : Slightly improved but not dramatically.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Okay, alright thanks very much.
Operator: Mark Liinamaa with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley : Good morning, most of my questions have been answered but Keith maybe if I could just get some clarification. You talked about seeing some signs of optimism both flat-rolled or pricing beyond July, you also said that you didnt expect scrap to move immediately. Can you comment -- do you expect scrap -- the price moves in sheet to be led by scrap or do you think they will expand over and above what happened with scrap, thanks?
Keith Busse : I have always said that the scrap pricing movement and sheet steel pricing movement have some bearing but not as much as they do in bar products and structural products. They operate a little bit more independently. It would not be impossible to see steel prices move up before scrap prices or ramble to move up. Generally speaking it works the other way but it wouldnt be an anomaly to see steel prices which bottomed pretty hard find a little air before scrap prices do. But that its --you know you never know.
Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley : Thanks for that and maybe just a little bit of clarification; the press release in ton sounded a lot more cautious than a lot of your comments have, was there anything specifically when you said you are particularly cautious about the second half that you were trying to highlight, and from that that will be it for me, thanks.
Keith Busse : I dont think so, I think we were just being cautious, I dont have any startling revelations, one way or another I think the economy, so I said, will continue to just make anemic progress forward, inventories will kind of go up and have some impact. I just dont think you are going to see the economy pick up and deliver GDP of 5 or 6%, I just dont see that happening. I think were probably going to stay in the 2% to 2  to 3% range going forward on real demand and its better than going backwards but its nothing to write home to mum about either.
Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley : But you feel pretty good that youre trying to replicate earnings in line with the first half and the second itself.
Keith Busse: I would tell you thats not impossible, yeah.
Mark Liinamaa - Morgan Stanley : Thanks, good luck with everything.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator: Charles Bradford, Affiliated Research Group.
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : Good morning, a question on rail. Obviously youve designed the plants so that you can make the higher end rail available products, how long will it take you to get your rail qualified so that you can get into, for example, rail for high speed or for some of the more difficult products?
Mark Millett: Well Charles its a -- this is Dick. I would tell you that when you start to talk about high speed rail, that we can have a conversation for a week on that subject that -- the product requirements in that end of that definition in the United States, high speed is 79 miles per hour, 99 miles per hour and the maximum of 120 miles -- 129 miles per hour in different corridors and most of the high speed developments that are being looked at other than the specific projects in California and Florida, most of them that are actually a combination ones where there are in concert like Intract, where they host owner of one of the class ones and needless to say, the class ones are going to continue to put rail into their lines that are compatible with their basic needs, where theyd be co-hauling or roll freight hauls or whatever each one has a little bit specific difference in their line so the product what you normally think about is head hardened rail. Head hardened is a premium rail product but is used only in probably about 50% of the applications but in very specific applications, not necessarily high speed. So we are working across the board on all product developments. We are probably looking at products that are non head hardened and are much more vigorous laid because it is available to us today. It is available to fill up our line time and head hardened will just come and each owner of the rail has different qualification requirements and parameters; independent testing, 3rd party testing and in house inspections.
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : Okay, on the scrap side of the business, it seems to me that the spread between prime and obsolete is unusually large. That leads to possibilities, could prime come down more or could obsolete go up more? Any ideas?
Keith Busse : Mark, you want to tackle that?
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: As you know Chuck, thats expansion and contract -- dramatically and again I think prime scrap tends to be a lot tighter than it is sort of definitive amount of volumes available and given the method of manufacturing is dramatically off [ph] as compared to history. I do believe that that is where theres going to be maintained.
Keith Busse : Chuck, I believe that the prime scrap is -- I am a little different than Mark -- got ahead of itself. It raced forward based on a lack of supply, a little further and faster than it should have and probably reality has been reached a little further and faster than it likely could have been.
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : Thank you.
Operator: Tony Rizzuto with Dahlman Rose & Company
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Thank you very much. Hi gentlemen. A question here just a follow up on here on Masabi Nugget and from your comments Mark, it seems that you are pretty comfortable that you are going to be able to achieve operating rate that would close you or get you to a point of profitability by the end of the year. Could you give us that operating rate for that second quarter? And also I want to understand the mining permit process better in Minnesota. I know youve got your EIS in but -- and I know this has been a little bit more delayed than you kind of thought earlier but what else is there in the process in the chronology that we should be thinking about? I know there is a public commentary and all those other types of things. Can you just refresh my memory of what all that entails?
Mark Millett: The principle step or the next step is for the state to finalize the EIS, such that they will support going forward into the public arena. So the first step is discussions, negotiations, whatever between the state and ourselves to fine tune that study -- that permanent [ph] application, at that moment in time it goes before the public or the commentary. Then from the standpoint of actual mining, I think weve said that as soon we have the permit that 8, 10, 11 months thereafter, we would be in the grind. And relative to the price itself, it will probably be the price will concentrate in finding ourselves out there (inaudible) is in the 40 or $50 range; probably that would include depreciation and interest
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : And how does that compare right now to the concentrate that you are currently purchasing?
Mark Millett: Currently concentrate pricing its -- well what we are actually purchasing is a mix of Canadian -- former Canadian pricing so which is the market price, and also we have some material coming in at a discounted price the next year so -- but the current market price for concentrate out there is about $128- $130.
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : Okay, very considerable. And then as far as the operating rate in the second quarter, could you give us that or what were you, were you below 50%?
Keith Busse : Yeah, it is very weak obviously, if you are only producing 17,000 tons and you have a capacity of 500, its like 3% or something
Charles Bradford - Affiliated Research Group : Yeah, I didnt see that 17,000 ton figure, thanks Keith, appreciate it. Thanks gentlemen.
Keith Busse : Welcome.
Operator: Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company
David Olkowski: Hi guys, its actually David Olkowski [ph] for Brad. Just a quick question on that revolver, is this solely available than under 24 million?
Jefferies & Company : Hi guys, its actually David Olkowski [ph] for Brad. Just a quick question on that revolver, is this solely available than under 24 million?
Theresa Wagler : Its fully available expect for layers of (inaudible) and thats around $15 million.
David Olkowski: Okay its negligible. And then can you remind me what your CapEx, I think you guys gave CapEx guidance right up about 115 million for the year, is that accurate?
Jefferies & Company: Okay its negligible. And then can you remind me what your CapEx, I think you guys gave CapEx guidance right up about 115 million for the year, is that accurate?
Theresa Wagler : Yes, we did. It couldnt be somewhere less than that, between 125 and $115 million based on projects that we have in play so far.
David Olkowski: Okay, sounds good. And then one more thing I missed the hot-rolled galvanized number that you gave earlier, what was that?
Jefferies & Company: Okay, sounds good. And then one more thing I missed the hot-rolled galvanized number that you gave earlier, what was that?
Theresa Wagler : Sure, it was 95,000.
David Olkowski: 95K, okay thats it for me, thanks a lot guys.
Jefferies & Company: 95K, okay thats it for me, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Well take a follow up from Sal Tharani.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Hi, a quick question -- you made some comments on working capital, expectations for the third quarter. For the first two quarters it was like there has been a draw of about 155 million, should we expect that to be neutralized in the third quarter?
Theresa Wagler : Not neutralized in the fact that it would be providing funding of that much in the third quarter. What I was suggesting was that the third quarter will be basically neutral from a funding versus drop perspective. Its our current expectation and probably we should have some give back in the fourth quarter.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs : Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, well take a follow up from Michelle Applebaum.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Hi, two questions, we go back and forth between products so quickly that I dont know if I am keeping up. I thought you were talking about flat rolled when you said that inventories were being built in the first quarter until the business is better and then the second quarter customers start to take material off the shelves so inventories were being liquidated, is that what you said?
Mark Millett : I think lately on the quarter -- the second quarter there was probably a little destocking occurring as order entry was pretty weak for everyone in almost every segment. But I think those reports are yet to be generated.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Well, I was going to say like during your call the MSEI inventory just came out, and flat rolled inventories were actually up about 9% in June and they are the highest level in over a year, 18 months, so would you say that they had destocking has yet to come, based on that new information?
Keith Busse : I would tell you probably not because the inventory level as an absolute number is still pretty low.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: It is, okay. Alright, so you think that the destocking is over?
Keith Busse : I dont think they are going to go any lower, they might actually build but its hard to measure because if you see increasing shipments that would accelerate it.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Got it. And then I wanted some clarification on the second half; in your release you said that you had a cautious outlook for the second half, and did you say it was possible for second half to be consistent with the first half on earnings?
Keith Busse : I did.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, when you said possible, is it like one out of ten, or one out of a hundred or five hundred?
Keith Busse: We are not going to get into that, thats just an opinion. We said wed give you guidance for the third quarter later and we will.
Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay, alright. Well thank you.
Keith Busse : Youre welcome
Operator: Well take a follow up from Luke Folta.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research : Just a quick follow up for Gary, you guys say that youve seen some improvements in the fabrication segment; how do you rate the prospects that we get through a break even by the end of the year? What level of possibility do you think?
Keith Busse : The segment should be well above break even by the end of the year, we should be showing monthly earning by the end of the year.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research : Excellent, thanks a lot Keith Busse.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions, Ill turn things back over to our presenter for any additional or closing remarks.
Keith Busse : Thank you Vickie, again, thank you ladies and gentlemen for excellent questions. Thank you to the 5900 people who make what I think are extraordinary achievements in this industry possible every day. I dont know if there is a better team out there delivering more EBITDA for their shareholders than this steel team and this recycling team. So thank you again for being part of our family, bye now.
Operator: And that does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Busse - Chairman and CEO Richard Teets - EVP, Steel Dynamics Incorporated, and President and COO, Steel Operations Mark Millett - EVP, Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and COO, OmniSource Corporation Gary Heasley - EVP, Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President of New Millennium Building Systems Theresa Wagler - EVP and CFO, Steel Dynamics Incorporated Fred Warner - Investor Relations Manager
Analysts: Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company Timna Tanners  UBS Michelle Applebaum  SMI Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research Mark Liinamaa  Morgan Stanley Brian Yu  Citi
Operator:
: Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Executive Officer; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President, Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Incorporated; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
: Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Executive Officer; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President, Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Incorporated; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
: Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Executive Officer; Richard Teets, Executive Vice President, Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Steel Dynamics Incorporated and President of New Millennium Building Systems; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Steel Dynamics Incorporated; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Thank you. And welcome to the Steel Dynamics first quarter 2010 conference call. The call is being webcast live April 20, 2010 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call from our website, or download the call as a podcast.
: These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental monetary and fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit markets, the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes.
:
:
: The program is a part of the new Discovery channel series entitled, What a Tool that showcases large impressive machines and technology. The half-hour segment featuring Steel Dynamics tomorrow night highlights the electric-arc furnaces at Butler. This is an opportunity to see an EAF in operation in a way that few will see filmed in high definition with some segments in slow motion. Again, the program is on the Discovery channel, What a Tool, and will be shown at 10 p.m. tomorrow night Wednesday, April 22nd, replay is schedule for 1 a.m.
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
: Steel segment profit margins also as noted, came under just a little bit of pressure as scrap costs which were up sequentially, month in and month out, December, January, February, March kind of timeframe. Put a little pressure on us. Pricing almost kept up with scrap cost on a net ton charge basis going up $56 per ton, while pricing went up $50 a ton.
: Steel segment profit margins also as noted, came under just a little bit of pressure as scrap costs which were up sequentially, month in and month out, December, January, February, March kind of timeframe. Put a little pressure on us. Pricing almost kept up with scrap cost on a net ton charge basis going up $56 per ton, while pricing went up $50 a ton.
: Steel segment profit margins also as noted, came under just a little bit of pressure as scrap costs which were up sequentially, month in and month out, December, January, February, March kind of timeframe. Put a little pressure on us. Pricing almost kept up with scrap cost on a net ton charge basis going up $56 per ton, while pricing went up $50 a ton.
:
:
: And OmniSource benefited from increased volumes, a higher scrap prices achieving an operating profit of $43 million during the quarter. I might point out as I was reading the morning mail and all the analyst reports that, there were some folks that saw our earnings maybe coming in a little short on the steel side from their respective projections and maybe a little north on the scrap side from their projections.
:
:
:
:
: But I want to remind everyone that we have our spring outage in the second quarter and that will affect the two divisions a little bit at flat roll and SBQ because they are running at capacity. The other divisions would be rather unaffected by an outage, because they are not running at capacity, the outage will really have no impact from that perspective.
: But I want to remind everyone that we have our spring outage in the second quarter and that will affect the two divisions a little bit at flat roll and SBQ because they are running at capacity. The other divisions would be rather unaffected by an outage, because they are not running at capacity, the outage will really have no impact from that perspective.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Richard Teets:
:
:
:
:
:
: Number two medium section mill will resume operation shortly as the inventory is required. This will allow for more time for rail production on the heavy section mill with all of the products, up to 14-inch sections being shifted over to the new mill. At Pittsboro, in March the melting and casting, the rolling mill and the shipping performances were all in the top 10 months historically. Our finishing also set a quarterly record for throughput reflecting the increased interest in value-added products. March was also the third best month ever for sales with inventories on all parts, ours and our customers very low, our shipping was temporarily strained, but we are all focusing with our priority on-time deliveries to all of our customers. At Roanoke, the quarter continued to show improvements in operating utilizations, as Keith mentioned, the melting and casting department operated at 74% and the rolling mills at 77%. Now these rates continue in an improving trend. Our Roanoke also had their maintenance outage, as Keith referred to, the maintenance outages. They had theirs the last month of March and the first month of April, so this should really be negligible impact in the second quarter at Roanoke.
: Number two medium section mill will resume operation shortly as the inventory is required. This will allow for more time for rail production on the heavy section mill with all of the products, up to 14-inch sections being shifted over to the new mill. At Pittsboro, in March the melting and casting, the rolling mill and the shipping performances were all in the top 10 months historically. Our finishing also set a quarterly record for throughput reflecting the increased interest in value-added products. March was also the third best month ever for sales with inventories on all parts, ours and our customers very low, our shipping was temporarily strained, but we are all focusing with our priority on-time deliveries to all of our customers. At Roanoke, the quarter continued to show improvements in operating utilizations, as Keith mentioned, the melting and casting department operated at 74% and the rolling mills at 77%. Now these rates continue in an improving trend. Our Roanoke also had their maintenance outage, as Keith referred to, the maintenance outages. They had theirs the last month of March and the first month of April, so this should really be negligible impact in the second quarter at Roanoke.
: Number two medium section mill will resume operation shortly as the inventory is required. This will allow for more time for rail production on the heavy section mill with all of the products, up to 14-inch sections being shifted over to the new mill. At Pittsboro, in March the melting and casting, the rolling mill and the shipping performances were all in the top 10 months historically. Our finishing also set a quarterly record for throughput reflecting the increased interest in value-added products. March was also the third best month ever for sales with inventories on all parts, ours and our customers very low, our shipping was temporarily strained, but we are all focusing with our priority on-time deliveries to all of our customers. At Roanoke, the quarter continued to show improvements in operating utilizations, as Keith mentioned, the melting and casting department operated at 74% and the rolling mills at 77%. Now these rates continue in an improving trend. Our Roanoke also had their maintenance outage, as Keith referred to, the maintenance outages. They had theirs the last month of March and the first month of April, so this should really be negligible impact in the second quarter at Roanoke.
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
: I usually always do offer my own personal comments on the scrap market as we go forward. Mark and I have not compared notes, but I think the market got a little ahead of itself in the first quarter and a lot of it was due to flows. It was a wicked winter and it brought flows to a stand still and for those that needed scrap, it became a little bit more expensive than contemplated, probably moved a little faster than market pricing at that time was moving.
: I usually always do offer my own personal comments on the scrap market as we go forward. Mark and I have not compared notes, but I think the market got a little ahead of itself in the first quarter and a lot of it was due to flows. It was a wicked winter and it brought flows to a stand still and for those that needed scrap, it became a little bit more expensive than contemplated, probably moved a little faster than market pricing at that time was moving.
: I usually always do offer my own personal comments on the scrap market as we go forward. Mark and I have not compared notes, but I think the market got a little ahead of itself in the first quarter and a lot of it was due to flows. It was a wicked winter and it brought flows to a stand still and for those that needed scrap, it became a little bit more expensive than contemplated, probably moved a little faster than market pricing at that time was moving.
:
:
:
:
Mark Millett: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. As has already been suggested, increasing steel mill utilization through the quarter, created relatively strong demand and progressively high monthly shipping volumes for OmniSource.
: Early in the quarter, cold weather hampered retrieval efforts, creating a tight supply environment, pushing higher prices. It gave the scrap community including ourselves an opportunity to liquidate low-price scrap accumulated in the November, December timeframe. In February, strong order books in the flat rolled arena pressured prime scrap supply, the market becoming somewhat disconnected as prime pricing went up $20, $25, or shredded and obsolete grades remained essentially flat to down 10, as bar mill interest was pretty flat along with export interest was somewhat stagnant. However, the March ended strong, prime pricing pushing up $60 to $65 gross tons to approximately $470 a gross ton for prime grades. Our non-ferrous operations showed a similar improvement. Volumes climbed to 238 million pounds, up around about 17% over last quarter. After retrieving in February, copper pricing advanced on perceived improvement in both the U.S. and global economies recovering, strong Chinese import activity, the most influential, probably hedge-fund activity and the weak dollar. There still seems to be a disconnect between pricing and supply/demand fundamentals in that particular metal. Aluminum remained strong throughout the quarter. Continued focus on cost control as volumes have returned, coupled with margin expansion from the appreciating markets, drove an operating profit as Keith mentioned of about $43 million prior to amortization of intangibles for the metals recycling team. They had pretty strong favorable performance relative to what we might see from our peers.
: Transportation difficulties leading to temporary inventory shortfalls have diminished and both the domestic and export demand appears to be flat. So the recycling platform will thus not have the same advantage of expanding margins in the near-term and earnings expectations of metal recycling should therefore be, I think somewhat tempered for Q2. Ferrous resources relative to iron resource initiatives, Iron Dynamics continues to provide an important part of the Butler iron need. We transferred about 58,500 tons of liquid pig iron and HBI over to the sheet mill at (inaudible). And in addition to positive financial contribution to the quarter by the Iron Dynamics team, the liquid iron allows significant productivity and cost-control enhancements to the melting operation at Butler. Furthermore it has reduced their dependence on the expensive and appreciating import pig iron market. In Minnesota, Mesabi Nugget, the startup and commissioning of the Mesabi Nugget plant has been progressing well, as Keith mentioned, we shipped about 7,000 -- 7,200 metric tons during the quarter, since our mid-January 1st round. During the last call, it was noted that the principal conveyor systems transferring iron concentrate, pulverized coal, fluxes and other process materials between the core components of the plant were such poor design and poor fabrication that the plant could only function a few hours at a time. In March, these systems were replaced and now functioning without issue. In April month to date, the plant has been operating at about 40% to 45% availability, a phenomenal operating performance for this stage of commissioning of the pioneering technology. As is typical though with commissioning of new processes and large complicated equipment, when one bottleneck is cleared and another hurdle appears. Currently the product coolant is contained throughput to about 50% of eventual capacity. An additional drive system is on order and will be installed during this quarter. No fundamental issue, just a hurdle to jump over.
: The fines generation effectively reduces the process yield and increases material consumption per ton of nuggets produced. These issues, similar issues were experiences during the pilot plant operation and will be resolved through process optimization but are increasing operating costs for the time being.
:
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
Mark Millett: Minus 30 degrees did inhibit performance earlier in the year, yeah. 
Keith Busse:
:
:
 :
Gary Heasley:
:
Keith Busse: Okay.
Gary Heasley:
:
:
:
: So overall, I think the outlook is positive in spite of very, very weak markets. The cost reduction efforts that the New Millennium team has made will continue to benefit them as we recover and the exit of this major competitor is very positive for New Millennium. So as Keith said we expect to narrow our losses in Q2, as we see more volume and better pricing begin to impact results and move from the order book to the shop floor. Thank you.
: So overall, I think the outlook is positive in spite of very, very weak markets. The cost reduction efforts that the New Millennium team has made will continue to benefit them as we recover and the exit of this major competitor is very positive for New Millennium. So as Keith said we expect to narrow our losses in Q2, as we see more volume and better pricing begin to impact results and move from the order book to the shop floor. Thank you.
: So overall, I think the outlook is positive in spite of very, very weak markets. The cost reduction efforts that the New Millennium team has made will continue to benefit them as we recover and the exit of this major competitor is very positive for New Millennium. So as Keith said we expect to narrow our losses in Q2, as we see more volume and better pricing begin to impact results and move from the order book to the shop floor. Thank you.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Gary. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, we opportunistically accessed the high-yield market and we strengthened our liquidity position and our longer term view capital structure. On March 11th, we issued 350 million of ten-year non-call five senior notes at 7 5/8 that are due in 2020.
: In addition to adding the flexibility of increased liquidity and historically advantageous long-term pricing, the tender notes also allowed for greater flexibility within our debt maturity time horizon and to ladder that nicely with our existing maturities occurring in years begin 2012 through 2016. During the quarter, net debt decreased $33 million and our leverage ratio continued to improve as total debt to EBITDA was 4.1 times versus 5.5 times at the end of the year. And our interest coverage ratio improved from 2.6 to 3.8 times. Cash flows from operations were $73 million as working capital required additional funding during the quarter, primarily reflecting increased finished goods and selling values, not volumes, at our mills recycling and steel operations and most notably in our flat rolled products. We currently anticipate a further draw on cash flows related to working capital movement throughout the third quarter with a normal seasonal trend of decreased working capital needs in the fourth quarter. At the end of the year, we had a $137 million state and Federal income tax receivable. During the first quarter, we received just over $14 million of those funds in state income tax refunds and we continue to expect to receive a large portion of the remaining $125 million in the second quarter or at worst-case scenario beginning of the third quarter. Our effective tax rate before minority interest was 35.2% which was lower than anticipated during the last conference call due to the recognition of state income tax benefits. This impacted the quarter by about one penny. We currently estimate our full-year effective tax rate to be approximately 37%. This would mean that second quarter effective rate would need to be around 37.5%. Capital investments during the quarter totaled $31 million, of which a little over half was related to the Minnesota project. Depreciation during the quarter was $43 million and capitalized interest related to these projects was $3.5 million. Capitalized interest is actually about half of what it was during the fourth quarter of 2009, we expect that trend to continue and the capitalized interest to decrease further, as our capital projects that are currently under construction are completed. Our estimated 2010 full-year capital investments remain at an amount at less than $150 million, again a very low rate as compared to historical levels. Our philosophy remains disciplined, these plans only include those items with compelling and fairly quick returns or those impacting environmental and safety issues. As we proceed through 2010 if market and demand levels warrant and liquidity remains strong, we would increase the number of authorized projects. Currently over half of the planned projects reside within our steel operations. The outlook related to 2010 depreciation and amortization remains between $55 million and $60 million per quarter. At March 31st, we had 216.4 million shares of common stock outstanding, 16.4 million shares related to convertible notes outstanding and 6.1 million of outstanding stock options. For the second quarter, given our current dilution expectations, we would expect diluted shares to be in the range of 235 to 235.5 million shares.
:
:
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
Operator:
:
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, Keith and everybody.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Kuni.
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just to start off. Maybe you guys went through it a bit quickly, so perhaps I missed it. Can you just quantify the outages for 2Q in flat rolled and SBQ?
Keith Busse: They are about four-day outages, Kuni, at both operating units at SBQ and flat roll and will impact to some degree the shipping volume in the quarter, not to a great degree. You have comparable number of days1 in each quarter, but from our perspective, the outage occurring right in the heart of a shipping week and production week, you might see a little less volume coming out of flat rolled and SBQ, although they are continuing to achieve great things in the SBQ bar division today.
:
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. So four days for both.
Keith Busse: We can make up ground in the other units
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Keith Busse: 
 :
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:
:
Keith Busse:
:
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:
:
:
Theresa Wagler:
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
Kuni Chen  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much. Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets:
:
Keith Busse: Yeah, Mark.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Or flat rolled?
Richard Teets:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Richard Teets: So the fact that it might back up in May, will probably have very little to do with pricing -- the pricing environment in the flat rolled community, as I see it anyway.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. How much for Steel Dynamics for Butler, how much of your mix are on CRU 90-day contracts and what is that number looking like for the second quarter versus the first quarter?
Richard Teets:
:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just in general, could you make a comment about the index pricing that you have on the books and how much of an impact that will have on the second quarter?
Keith Busse:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets:
:
:
Keith Busse: It is.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Keith Busse:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Keith Busse:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Richard Teets: On the bars, also, Mark, again, there was a slight increase in scrap and there was no price increase, stability is the name of the game right now in the merchant section and in construction world.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Just to get back to flat rolled, how much of your order book at Butler is on -- some sort of a formula pricing mechanism?
Keith Busse:
:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. All right.
Keith Busse: He is shaking his head.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just one last question if I could. You know, you would -- Keith you had made a comment, you thought consensus was perhaps a little bit high, were you referring to the second quarter or the full year in that thought process?
Keith Busse:
:
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. All right. And congratulations on a great quarter. Thank you very much for the color. Appreciate it.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator:
:
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company:
:
:
:
Keith Busse: We would decline to comment on it, it would not be a 3 million ton effort, it would be closer to 1.6 million to 1.8. million and obviously all of the output initially would be hot rolled, but we would have a cold rolled presence at that facility, but that mill could not only sell cold roll products, it could sell into the coating markets we already are engaged in.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: So it could like source The Techs and that sort of thing?
Keith Busse:
:
:
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then the second question, you guys guided to better gathering activity at OmniSource in 2Q and 3Q and you had slightly weaker pricing in May. As you look at it all in, do you think on an operating income basis, do you think OmniSource is directionally up or down from 1Q to 2Q?
Keith Busse: It is probably in my opinion, fairly flat.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Keith Busse: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Timna Tanners with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Hi, good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Timna Tanners  UBS:
:
Keith Busse:
:
Timna Tanners  UBS: Just flat rolled?
Keith Busse:
: I think their inventories are probably going to have to grow shipments are up and service center inventories are because of the shipping volume rising, the days in inventory are less and I think that that bodes well for continuing volume being delivered to the flat rolled universe out there, us included, naturally.
: I think their inventories are probably going to have to grow shipments are up and service center inventories are because of the shipping volume rising, the days in inventory are less and I think that that bodes well for continuing volume being delivered to the flat rolled universe out there, us included, naturally.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Timna Tanners  UBS: That makes sense, yeah, go ahead.
Richard Teets: Timna, I might add that everything to what Keith has mentioned is that as we filled up, once we became full on the hot side -- on the hot mill side, then that choked off any expansion of value-added orders that we could take because they were already committed to other orders.
:
:
:
:
:
Timna Tanners  UBS:
:
Richard Teets:
:
:
:
:
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay. Great. So, my follow on question is really, as you see more of the integrated capacity restart, how do you think that might change both your shipments and your mix going forward on the flat rolled side?
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Hi.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Real nice quarter and but I had a question, I thought I heard you say that consensus was too high, Keith. Were you talking about the June number, $0.37 or were you talking about the fiscal year, December 10th number of 131?
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: For the second quarter?
Keith Busse: Right.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. And in this market nobody is asking you to forecast beyond next week much less for the rest of the year. I just wanted to clarify what you were referring to? My second question is on Omni. It sounded to me like Mark was a little bit more hedged. Keith, you said flat results in the second quarter. Mark, I thought you said it would not be a repeat. Can you guys, am I hearing that correctly? And by the way, wow, performance in the quarter.
Mark Millett:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI:
:
Mark Millett:
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. And then you said something about another flat-rolled mill and I just...
Keith Busse:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. No thoughts about, you had talked for a long time about Texas or West Coast -- Texas was a while ago then a West Coast, Texas I think 
Keith Busse: I never talked about Texas.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay.
Keith Busse: And West Coast was a long time ago.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI:
:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: When you say better mouse trap, are you talking about a traditional mill, are you talking about something that could be more of the micro mill style?
Keith Busse:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Likely to be something with smaller capacity, smaller footprint is what I would suspect?
Keith Busse: Yeah.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. Could it be half the volume of a traditional Steel Dynamics mill?
Keith Busse: There you go
Michelle Applebaum  SMI:
:
:
Keith Busse: I think you said it carefully, correctly.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. So something that could be half the size, you are saying?
Keith Busse: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: Okay. Or smaller?
Keith Busse:
:
Michelle Applebaum  SMI:
:
:
:
:
Mark Millett:
:
Keith Busse: I think SDI engineering and thought process will have an impact on a more perfect tool.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI: You dont have to answer this question, but would the technology be from a domestic or foreign source?
Keith Busse: No comment.
Michelle Applebaum  SMI:
:
:
:
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Mark Millett: Thank you.
Operator:
:
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys
Keith Busse: Good morning.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning.
Mark Millett: Hi, Sal.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs:
:
Keith Busse:
: But at any rate, I think steel can benefit. I think the scrap side of the plan could be impacted to some degree, but I think volumes are growing and any margin lessening could be, I think, positively dealt with through volume improvement.
: But at any rate, I think steel can benefit. I think the scrap side of the plan could be impacted to some degree, but I think volumes are growing and any margin lessening could be, I think, positively dealt with through volume improvement.
: But at any rate, I think steel can benefit. I think the scrap side of the plan could be impacted to some degree, but I think volumes are growing and any margin lessening could be, I think, positively dealt with through volume improvement.
: But at any rate, I think steel can benefit. I think the scrap side of the plan could be impacted to some degree, but I think volumes are growing and any margin lessening could be, I think, positively dealt with through volume improvement.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs:
:
Mark Millett:
:
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And last question, Mark, on the Mesabi Nugget. You mentioned two bottlenecks besides the conveyor system, which you have resolved. One is the cooling system I believe you said, which you have ordered some new equipment. Can you let us, can you give us an idea of when do you think will be replaced? And the other was a problem which you said you also had in the pilot project, which I believe you said it produces too much fines. Is that -- and what can be done to resolve that or how impactful that problem is?
Mark Millett:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Keith Busse: My
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
Mark Millett: That has not changed in 20 years.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Are these two mutually exclusive problems, it means you can work on the one while the other one you are waiting for the equipment?
Mark Millett: Absolutely.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Mark Millett:
:
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Thank you very much. Hi, everyone. I just had a couple of questions. The first one is just a follow-up on Mesabi Nugget again. Do you guys anticipate that you will be operating at effective capacity or close to effective capacity as you move into 2011?
Mark Millett:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Okay.
Mark Millett: The last -- with any process like this, the last 20%, takes a lot of effort and some time. The learning curve is a lot steeper at the present time.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Thanks, Mark. And the other question, just a follow-up on the demand that you are seeing on the flat rolled side. And obviously coming into this year, the end of destocking and automotive and energy markets and service centers, continue to maintain very low inventories. But are you seeing any broadening out right now of that demand? Is it getting better and will it broaden out into other areas? What can you tell us about the real physical demand for flat rolled right now?
Keith Busse:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Sure.
Keith Busse: We are also looking that and you say, residential housing, the starts were below, so they, offset, they were down 10% to 15%. But with commercial construction being light and so forth, we seem to pick up a little bit more in appliances. Consumers tend to lead the way, in this kind of recovery with construction of residential and then commercial following are deals [ph].
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company:
: How do you see all of this playing out? I know the visibility is very short right now but what thoughts do you have about that, are we possibly running up the risk here of seeing capacity just come on too quickly in the industry as a whole?
Keith Busse:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Yeah.
Keith Busse:
:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company: Right.
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Company:
:
Operator:
:
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group:
:
:
:
:
Keith Busse: Second half of next year?
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group:
:
:
Keith Busse: Well, Mark is looking at his forward-looking operating data.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
Mark Millett:
:
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Does the $525 include freight to Butler?
Mark Millett: The $425?
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Yeah.
Keith Busse: No. The $525 to $540.
Mark Millett:
:
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Yeah. But you talked about Mesabi Nugget?
Mark Millett: Yeah.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Being up, I thought you said $425.
Keith Busse: He was really just giving you an estimate of a cost structure out there in time, which could be $400 to $425, because the rising input costs until such time as we get to our own mining efforts.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Okay. That was going
Keith Busse: That went down sharply at that point in time.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: That was going to be the next question. Just what would it be once you have the mines up and what is the current status of the permitting?
Mark Millett:
:
:
:
:
:
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group:
:
Keith Busse: There is.
Chuck Bradford  Affiliated Research Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:
:
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Good morning. Could you describe the important customer categories driving the strong engineered bar orders? Clearly engineered bar is tailored for an application and a little less subject to inventory bubbles than commodity steel grades?
:
Keith Busse: John, this is Keith. I think on SBQ, you are seeing strength in off-road. You are seeing strength in heavy equipment. Strength from forgers, order entry from forgers is up even cold finish bar guys order entries are up, driven by, again, off-road and driven by heavy construction, probably, also driven by the fact that we have earned our spurs or earned our wings.
:
:
:
:
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you.
Mark Millett: And John, could you just clarify your second question
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: So what are your ambitions about iron ore mining? You are presumably going to mine enough to feed Mesabi Nugget.
Mark Millett: Yes.
Keith Busse: Yes.
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research:
:
Keith Busse: With success of the technology, we would want to support future batteries and future sales of the finished product with that ore content rather than sell it to others.
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: So there is no ambition to a minor per se?
Keith Busse: Per se.
Mark Millett:
:
:
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you.
Keith Busse: Thanks, John.
Operator: Please go ahead, sir.
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research:
:
Keith Busse: Okay.
Operator:
:
Mark Liinamaa  Morgan Stanley: Yes. Hi, all. Just quickly back to scrap. OmniSource on a standalone basis had a pretty nice operating profit. I believe it was $43 million. Mark or Keith, can you comment on where you see that as being relative to normal? How much upside in terms of volume we could see on a normal run rate basis? Thanks?
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
:
Mark Liinamaa  Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Yu with Citi. Welcome Brian.
Brian Yu  Citi:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
Brian Yu  Citi:
:
Keith Busse:
:
:
:
Brian Yu  Citi:
:
Keith Busse:
:
Brian Yu  Citi: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Mr. Chairman, as there appears to be no more questions at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to you, sir.
Keith Busse:
:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Steel Dynamics first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner  IR Manager Keith Busse  Chairman & CEO Dick Teets  EVP, Steelmaking; President & COO, Steel Operations Mark Millett  EVP, Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources; President & COO, OmniSource Corporation Gary Heasley  EVP, Strategic Planning & Business Development Theresa Wagler  EVP & CFO
Analysts: Kuni Chen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Brent Levy  Jefferies David Cath [ph]  JP Morgan Timna Tanners  UBS Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan Charles Bradford  Bradford Research Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co. Bob Richard  Southridge Investment Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to todays Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference. Just as a reminder todays call is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Executive Officer, Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations, Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer OmniSource Corporation, Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President of Business Development and President and Chief Operating Officer, Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice-President Chief Financial Officer, and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. And now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Good morning and welcome to the Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter 2009 Conference Call. The call is being webcast live, February 4, 2010, Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you will be able to replay the call from our Web site or download the podcast. During todays call, our management will make some statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical fact are often preceded by such words as believe anticipate estimate expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future events or results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental monetary and fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit markets, price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, equipment performance or failures or litigation outcomes. You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors of risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from todays forward-looking statements. We refer to sections entitled forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC Web site, www.sec.gov and on our Web site, www.steeldynamics.com. After todays management discussion, we will open the call for questions. Now, well begin the call with comments from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Fred, good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. As you can see in the report, Steel Dynamics reported about $27 million in net income for the fourth quarter of 2009 or about $0.12 per diluted share. That was within the range we prognosticated here a month or so ago. Yet, it was on the low side of it and Ill do my best for those of you who were thinking it might be a little higher than that, something over $0.15 to tell you where the fallout occurred, if you will. I did want to point out though that as noted in the paragraph Steel Dynamics lost nearly $83 million in the fourth quarter of '08, one of the worst quarters in our history and reported $27 million profit in this quarter, which is a delta of $110 million. So things have changed dramatically from year-to-year and I certainly believe were on the right course. I do believe that the fourth quarter results were impacted by a number of factors, most of which were in the Recycling segment of our business plan. We had expected better operating results from the Omni organization. Our volume was down at Omni both in ferrous shipments and non-ferrous shipments from what we have contemplated that perhaps not as significantly as the margin. Were impacted more so on the margin, and our guess in that arena we just didnt hit the numbers, but we reported fairly early in October of 09, third quarter results, and obviously we had the benefit of some knowledge about pricing in the scrap world dropping significantly in October, yet, we were furnishing scrap to the market at prices that it was procured at in September much higher. So we had margin compression that occurred in October and more margin compression that occurred in November, which was not contemplated. Shipments were weaker in December and the collection or the combination of lower volumes and rising scrap cost took its toll on Omnis earnings in the fourth quarter. So if there was a miss in your head or our head, it was probably in that area. I think our Steel divisions did fairly well. I did want to note that our net sales for the year were $4 billion, which is down 51% from the $8 billion of the previous year and we had a net loss this year of $8 million. We came fairly close to break even, but didnt achieve it. Were hopeful that we could have achieved the breakeven if not a small profit had we had better margin results in the Recycling segment of our business. But, nonetheless, the revenue for the year being down 51% was very similar to that of other competitors in the industry. The steel group did fairly well and achieved an operating profit, as noted of $108 million or $93 a ton. I think certainly best-in-class or best in the field from operating profit per ton perspective. OmniSource did generate an operating profit in the quarter as noted with weak results due to lower margins and reduced volumes. We have continued losses in steel fabrication segment, and certain costs related to the start-up of Mesabi Nugget also detracted from fourth quarter results. I wont get very deeply into Mesabi Nugget, Mark will report on that. But our start-up is going fairly well from does the process work perspective. Were having some mechanical glitches with some equipment, mostly conveying equipment which well probably talk about. The actual operation of the ferrous is on the money. Very, very, very excellent results. So we think we have achieved everything we set up to achieve and probably going to do a little bitter than we thought we could as we get by some of these mechanical glitches in the process. Some of you may note that in the third paragraph selling values actually increased $48 a ton, while scrap cost increased $29 a ton, so you would think that you would have better operating income or more margin report on, but its not the way this can mechanically works, theres certainly other factors at work there and I think a number of analysts wrote about it this morning and said, gees, administrative costs were a lot higher at Steel Dynamics, we contemplate. Theyre really not administrative costs. And most of the damage as you might expect came in the structural arena. The structure division achieved a nice profit in the third quarter on significantly reduced volumes. Obviously, their volume was down in the fourth quarter, another 20,000 tons so they had even less volume and were hovering around a breakeven, but still carrying that in the operating expenses that that division has. We have done laid off anyone in the Steel group. We have done some rightsizing as we talked about earlier calls and OmniSource does some rightsizing of fabrication, weve done late in one-off in the steel making and to our business nor do we plan to. And we think business is actually improving and getting better. Were very pleased well talk about that a little later on, but were still carrying much of that overhead, some are fixed, some are related to the employee population. At Columbia city, we probably had the equivalent of six operating lines, our staff, wed only put two operating lines on the small mill. Today, were operating with about five lines with people being farmed out to our braces operation and tie making operations and elsewhere in the company. And they are recallable. But its really dividing the same amount of operating overhead by fewer tons, especially in the case of the structural segment of our business that produced the numbers. Although the numbers we achieved were fairly close to the ones we expected, so we really werent. In spite of the fact that shipments were down 78,000 tons quarter-over-quarter, we still achieved fairly good operating results in steel as noted by many of you this morning. In the fourth paragraph, we talk about SDIs average ferrous scrap cost per ton charge was $232 in 2009 compared to $421. I think its the first time we probably ever reported this number and it allows many of you to sort of clean up your models, if you will, gives you bench mark that you havent had before, if you will. In the fifth paragraph, we talk about the fact that OmniSource provided 49% of the ferrous scrap purchased by SDIs mills, maybe not consumed, but purchased, and that would be expected when youre in a rising scrap market and you have a lull in the fighting, if you will. From a steel making perspective, I can tell you that our backlogs dried up a good bit in late October and early November. So we didnt produce as many tons as we felt we were going to produce even though we had very good operating results for the quarter in the Steel segment. But, when you have backlogs falling off, production falling off, scrap cost going up, youre probably going to shop closer to home, so would be expected that normally we consume 45% to 47% of material we consume in our steel making operations come from Omni, either Omni north or Omni south, but it was 49% in this quarter. Other than that, in the last paragraph, we talk about looking back at 2009, in light of the extraordinary steel making market economic conditions the country faced throughout the year the companys performance was reasonably good. Mark is trying to get me to change that word to just good, and I kept saying highly reasonably good probably works for me, and we dont often talk about some of the excellent competition we have out there quarterly, many of these entities that have reported some good numbers and are turning their ships around at this point in time, but as you look at all of the metrics for all of the companies that have certainly reported to-date, it clearly was the best performance by anyone in the steel sector. We had a slight loss which was the lowest reported loss of anyone in the steel community. We have the highest operating profit and the highest operating profit per ton. We have the best EBITDA, the best EBITDA margin, even though we didnt have a return on assets, it was the slightest loss relative to return on assets of anybody out there so. A pretty impressive year of performance of our personnel perspective. As I said many, many times, they did a yeomans job of focusing on cost reduction and cost control, did a very good job of it throughout the entire year and we have very efficient operations that are very, very well maintained, and we paid a lot of attention to product quality this year, customer service, safety, and other very important key issues throughout the year. So we came through this period much better prepared to enter '010 than we did entering '09. As we enter the new year, we have certainly seen a slight improvement in business conditions, and I want to note probably still a little bit misunderstood, but, in January, Butler ran 267,500 tons of production. If you annualize that and I be careful doing that, its not the right calculation, theres 31 days in the month of January, if you analyze that thats over 3 million tons, by 3.2 million tons, weve not certainly achieved that even in normal environments because of outages and some months being shorter than others, etc., etc., glitches that we had long way, but the mill ran very, very well and achieved a record setting production in the month of January. I would expect that were not going to be at that level in February. Its not backlog-related; its just going 28 days there. We have full days with the down time that we need to take, but we should have reasonably good production in February, and significant production I think in March. Our backlog certainly good enough to get us through February, and starting to get into the month of March at this point in time from a how long is your backlog perspective. But, with inventories being as low as they are and the economy being still as weak as it is I really just dont expect people to really engage in a lot of restocking. So I think what theyre ordering is probably a pretty good birds eye view of where the economy is really at, and I think weve been favored with good order entry, perhaps better than many of our peers. For whatever reasons, like to think because were competitive and weve great quality and great service, but we have been favored with a fairly positive order entry flows in all segments of the business. So the backlog is, okay, at Butler, it remains at that level, has been at that level for a couple of months, and we just continue to plod along it, if you will. Our structural backlogs, Dick will talk about that, and we took upon ourselves to tweak the pricing environment that is out in the marketplace and the list price closer to real transaction values, but weve been blessed with some order of entry activity there we havent seen in a while in the structural end of our business. We have a pretty good engineered bar backlogs, SPQ backlog, if you will. Backlogs remain fairly steady in the merchants arena. Business is pretty good at Omni. They continue to operate at about 75% of capacity and certainly the outlook for Omni is for a lot stronger profitability. They had an operating profit, but a lot better profitability in Q1. Obviously, with the month-to-month lag and with prices going up in December and going up significantly in December and January, and that material being delivered following month, their margins are improving, and this month, basically, prime goods went up 10, 15 bucks, and cut grades were about flat, so, maybe a little bit of margin help there as well, but not a lot, if you will. But anyway, Omni should report certainly a better quarter. And as I said earlier, I think were in just excellent position to move forward as the economy continues to improve and I think it will continue to take small positive steps in the right direction throughout the year. I know that the GDP reported was 5.7% when you factor out destocking and import activity, economy still only moved in real number of about 2%. So things are still fairly weak out there, but business is picking up. Were doing well, as I said, (inaudible) better in beans, about the same in merchants, and certainly better in recycling, and a lot better in SBQ. So I really dont have anything other to report at this point in time and I would like to now turn it over to my colleagues to tell you a little bit about their specific areas of responsibility, and Ill start with Dick Teets in the Steel segment.
Dick Teets: Thank you, Keith. Good morning. Id first like to acknowledge the safety efforts of some of our steel facilities. Although all have worked hard in improving, Id like to acknowledge Pittsburgh operations, because they had their best year ever with zero lost time injuries. Additionally, both Steel at West Virginia and Roanoke had the best performance as ever for lost time injuries with three and four respectively. So thank you very much, everybody, for your diligence on safety. A couple of brief comments based about each of our major facilities. At Butler, Id like to acknowledge some recent performance records. In December, we established a new record for monthly shipments by besting the old by almost 10%. In December, the team shipped 290,000 tons. Thats a tremendous job. And needless to say, starting with sales and all the way through the facility, all that support goes into that record, but the shipping team really did a great job. As Keith mentioned, in January, the melt cast and hot mill teams set new monthly record of 267,000 tons, and also the pickle line established a new monthly record of 102,000 tons. Congratulations to everyone at Butler. As Keith mentioned, the news from Columbia City is not as exciting from a production perspective, but its not due to lack of employee efforts. The good news is that as Keith implied the backlog for beam products today is almost double the recent history, but it is unclear how long the non-residential construction market will remain at the present state. Some exciting news this week is that we received order from a third-party testing firm for a class one railroad that are samples of rail products and successfully pass all the testing requirement. That opens the door to pursue prime standard strength rail orders with that railroad and I believe that we will be submitting additional rail samples the second class for the road yet this month. Great job, everybody associated with the rail product . Also at Columbia City, yesterday I toured the construction site of the number to caster, and is excited to see the progress. Our team has safely installed all of the equipment downstream from the straighteners [ph]. It also assisting contractors with piping and wiring assignment. Completion of this project is expected around June with commissioning on rail blooms to follow. Were working that project on a very strict 40-hour work week for our employees and contractors. So they are paying attention to details and just punching it out on a steady basis. Pittsboro ended the year with improving conditions and that has continued into the new year. Including in their shipments in 2009 were some new sizes and products, including the first production of angles. SBQ shipments hit a low in the second quarter of 2009 and has steadily improved. We continue to operate our milling and casting facilities of Pittsboro during off peak hours to realize better electrical cost. We improved mill efficiency and achieved better product quality and throughput, we have reinitiated the project of installing the two additional rolling stand. One week outage will be required and scheduled these are in the second or third quarter based on production requirements, and that will be required for the swapping out of the gear box between an existing stand and a new one. Also during that outage, additional bundling and handling equipment will be installed through move existing bottlenecks in the finishing area. At Roanoke, the shipping department in the fourth quarter also set a monthly shipping record for total finished steel and billets shipped. This was done while working around construction activities associated with the tying of the new mill shop backouts. The mill shop was down for approximately three weeks for that tie in, but the rolling mill did not miss a ton of production due to the appropriate billet inventory control. Congratulations to everyone at the Roanoke team. Steel of West Virginia during 2009, they reinvented themselves by offering new merchant products and specialty sections and they right-size the business to match demands and the requirements. As Keith said earlier, we have not laid anybody off in the Steel sector, but that is with the exception of Steel of West Virginia where contractually give the right and responsibility to manage that work force as needed based on order input, and we have done that. The neat thing about some of the new sections that were created at Steel of West Virginia that they were components of alternative energy products, which has a very positive future. Also at Steel of West Virginia we commissioned two new rollings straighteners, one in each of the mills. These upgrades will improve product quality and increased yield. We also expect an improvement to the safety performance because of the addition of automated material handling equipment. These were exciting improvements that in Huntington. Congratulations to everyone involved. And finally, at the Texas, they too finished the year with an improving backlog and we see the strength in that backlog during the first quarter. Thank you to everyone in the team in Pittsburgh for their continued fine performance. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Dick. Well now turn it over to Mr. Millett for a report on the recycling business and Im sure everybody wants to hear that to start up in Minnesota Mesabi Nugget, which is going other than a few mechanical glitches actually quite well.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everybody, and Hollywood [ph] Mesabi Nugget, we celebrated our initial nugget run on January 12th, thats about three weeks ago now and we ran for about 2.5 hours without a single problem and then retired or guys up there retired at the bar, celebrated for a few hours. But nonetheless, it was a quite phenomenal that it went as expected. Since then weve been making trial runs on daylight ships only while were continuing to fine tune the systems, finalize commissioning of ancillary equipment, and importantly the schedule is allowing the team to have hands-on-training while gaining an intimate knowledge of the plant equipment. Theyve done a phenomenal job, in particular, for a commissioning construction phase; the safety performance has been absolutely outstanding. As Keith mentioned, unfortunately, we are starting up with a few mechanical problems. We have experienced mechanical issues associated with conveyance of a variety of different materials, quality, contrite between the core elements. But we have identified the root causes of those flaws. They are mechanical, manufacturing deficiencies and a couple of design flaws. We have solutions in hand and we will be replacing a lot of that equipment within four weeks to six weeks. And we also are having some temporary fixes implemented in the short-term. Also, its Minnesota, its winter, and so with incredibly difficult time of year to start up and were experiencing temperatures in the minus 10, minus 20 degrees, and anyone associated with clamp, with a lot of water systems, its a quite complicated task, as is the reclaiming of raw materials from excise stockpiles, the materials, the coal, the ore, like concrete, and difficult even with a fully commissioned plant, let alone starting up from new. But the guys there doing an absolute phenomenal job. The core components of the system, the palletizing, drying, half distribution of the pellets for. the rotary hearth, the rotary hearth furnace itself, all have performed extremely well and the product quality is actually better than the material that we produced at the pilot plant and its quite incredible. When we have material in stock bins ahead of the rotary hearth furnace and the guys go ahead and plan a run, it does run as expected, and so were quite excited about that. The key takeaway I think is the technology appears to be functioning well, the design considerations adopted from the pilot plant have lead a successful scale up of the process. Commissioning, as we said, with the exception of the material (inaudible) is proceeding well. We have a great team in place and the expectation of 50% to 60% run rate by the summer is more than anticipated at the present time. On Dynamics, the team continues to be very consistent there. Even with production curtailed somewhat during periods of reduced capacity of the steel mill earlier in the year, 2009 was another record of production. It produced 165,000 metric tons of liquid ion, and 38,000 metric tons of HBI, compared to 148,000 tons in 2008. The team remains on a path that continues improvement. Operating cost was reduced by 10% year-over-year and theyve transitioned the fee stock totally to recycled mill scale. We no longer use iron concentrate from Canada. And they believe that continued focus on raw materials consistency, stability of operation, we should still be able to achieve a side to 20,000 metric tons a month as we continue to fine tune over the next couple of years. Metal recycling. Ferrous shipments for the fourth quarter was 1.2 million tons, down approximately 7% from the 1.3 million tons shipped in Q3. Year-over-year, 2009 shipments were 4.1 million tons and almost 30% from the 5.6 million tons shipped in 2008. And margins were compressed in October and November, as high priced inventory flowed through a depreciating market. As you maybe aware in September, prime Bushland market pricing was about $340 a ton, so obviously inventory purchased in September had to flow through the system and we saw in October/November a strongly descending market. September to October, the market dropped about $30 and then another $45 to $50 from October to November. And that had obviously an appreciable compression effect on margin. Additionally, prime grades tend to be purchased on a prior month basis. So a lot of the material delivered in October was still being purchased at the higher September 340 number. So that obviously compresses it also. And then two other factors. Firstly, if you look at the shipments, the volume was down, but the shipping volume tended to be front-loaded. We shipped at a peak actually in October, 460,000 tons, so obviously were shipping a large volume of the fourth quarter at the lowest margin, unfortunately. And then finally, in November, when the market did dropped to roughly $265 for prime, shredded dropped to I believe $220-$230-ish, the dealers providing feed stock, the automotive body guys and others provides feed stock to the shredding community were very resistant to let go of their material. They recognized that the markets probably going to be up further in January and February and held on to that material. So as the product pricing, shred price came down in November, we didnt see an equal or greater decrease in our feed stock, so that further compressed the margin. That ended up, I think with about a $35 million compression in gross margin quarter-over-quarter. This year, the ferrous markets have remained strong, particularly, in the sheet arena. That requires the higher quality prime grades, bundles and bushing. As supply is now tight, as inventory accumulated in November and December by most of the scrap organizations were sold off in the up market in January. Bad weather obviously also reduced scrap flow to the yards.
 : Nonferrous pricing generally strengthened through the quarter as most of you recognize, aluminum margins depreciated as markets remain strong. Copper actually seemingly defied any underlying weak market fundamentals and continued to appreciate through hedge fund activities and a jump from the dollar to the commodities as the dollar wavered and weakened. The aluminum market depreciating, along with expanded product line of the outcomes, and a strong focus on cost pressure allowed our aluminum business to be profitable for the second successive quarter in what is typically a very difficult business. I think going into this year, we are well-positioned, our cost structure is excellent, and we have good inventory level, and should have a good first quarter. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thanks, Mark. Good report. Were looking forward to certainly a better first quarter and I know well get it. Gary? Fabrication? Do you want to talk about that?
Gary Heasley: Sure, thanks, Keith. To put things in context with regards to fabrication, (inaudible) joint shipments industry wide in the US fell to 470,000 tons in 2009 of about 63% from the high of 1.3 million tons, which was what was shipped in 2006 and 2007, and off 57% from the 1.1 million tons shipped in 2008. New Millennium shipments were down 53% from Q4 2008, and down 49% for the year, so they are in line with what has happened in the industry as a whole. For our results for 2009, if you recall, we idled two facilities in New Millennium, those two facilities represented about $4.5 million of the operating loss of 6.3 that the segment reported for the year. As we look forward, we see that industry analysts continue to project nonresidential construction will be softer in 2010. Our take on that is that (inaudible) so far the segments we serve have been hit harder than the overall industry of nonresidential construction. We dont think its going to go a lot further south from where industry demand is today and in fact we think we may have hit the bottom and will be looking at a long slow recovery from here. When you look at the market in that context, we have to take a look at our business and the sizing of our team and the way were organized, and weve made a few changes. In January, we reduced our staff at all three of our operating plants, and these reductions coupled with the plant closures we did late in 08 and early in 2009 and attrition thats occurred through the year, bring our total staff production down to 50% of what it was a couple of years ago. At our current staffing levels, we got the capacity to handle any of our customers needs. We can support all of their demands. Quick turn projects we can process and were actually staffed to begin to grow market share and pursuing opportunities. We have begun to devote resources to market segment the New Millennium in the past has not served, has not focused on, and in an effort to get better leverage out of our plants, which we believe to be among the most efficient in the country, we are going to begin targeting markets we just have not focused on in the past. So that in the short, Keith as where we are, New Millennium, Ill tell you its been a tough year for the employees in New Millennium. They make a lot of sacrifices, and theyve done a great job of cutting costs, maintaining cost, maintaining their position in the market, and I want to thank them for that their hard work. 2010 is not going to be an easy year, but theyre up for the job and theyre ready to go. Thank you.
Keith Busse: Thanks, Gary. Theresa, before we get to you, I had someone ask me at a conference why we were reporting so late, is there something wrong? I said no, the fact Im here at this conference, Dicks at another conference, we just had a lot of our management team out of pocket, if you will, or we would have been reporting a week or two earlier, so we just werent there to be part of this gathering, if you will, had nothing to do with tardiness in reporting numbers. I think the team was ready to go a week or so ago. Having said that I want to again note that our first quarter outlook is for stronger profitability, in both our steel operations and in metal recycling, and we expect to provide quantitative guidance later in the quarter. With that being said, Theresa, well turn it over to you, and afterwards were right into the Q&A.
Theresa Wagler: Okay, thank you, Keith, and thanks for the free pass on the timing. During 2009, our focus really remained towards strengthening our capital structure and enhancing the long-term liquidity position. In June, we executed a joint common stock and convertible note issue with great success, raising net proceeds of over $675 million, and prepaying all of our term debt of $552 million. We concurrently amended the covenant within our senior credit agreement to gain greater flexibility from 2009 through the remainder of this year 2010. Not insignificant, during a very challenging year, we were able to decrease overall debt by $428 million, improve our liquidity by $194 million, all while investing over $374 million in growth projects, distributing $60 million in 2008 profit sharing contributions, and paying our shareholders $69 million in cash dividends. Not insignificant. Additionally, our capital ratio decreased from 62% to 53% and our first lien leverage ended the year at 0.5 times, again, just a very strong year for us in that regard. Cash flows from operations were $446 million, reflecting effective management of our trade receivables and inventory levels during the year. However, other working capital changes reduced cash flow by $115 million. This reduction was due primarily to 2008s employee profit sharing contribution payment and growth in our expected income tax refund due to weaker 2009 earnings. During the year, well expect to receive probably around $100 million, maybe more in the middle of the year, as a tax refund, and moving as quickly as we can to file those appropriate tax returns. So that will add to liquidity again in the middle of the year. Additionally, our 2009 effective tax rate before minority interest was 39.6%. We currently expect the 2010 tax rate to be approximately 37%. During the year our capital expenditures totaled 330 million, of which over 65% was related to Mesabi Nugget iron facility and the potential future mining operations. Depreciation during the year was 159 million and capitalized interest related to these projects was $21 million. Our current 2010 plan capital investment totaled less than $150 million. This is extremely low if you compare our historical levels to this amount. Our approach this year is to remain very disciplined. These plans only include those items compelling and fairly quick returns inclusive of appropriate and necessary environmental and safety projects. As we proceed through 2010 as market and demand levels warrant and liquidity remains strong we would increase the number of authorized projects. Currently, over half of the planned project reside within our (inaudible) operations. The outlook related to 2010 depreciation and amortization is for quarterly amounts to be between $55 million and $60 million per quarter, increases directly related to our anticipated increase in production levels. And finally, Ill end with our share data. We currently have outstanding shares of 216 million. We have convertible outstanding of 16.4 million. If I were estimating shares to utilize on dilutive basis for the first quarter I would utilize 235 million shares. I never do, and I would like to thank the finance tax accounting teams. They go through a Herculean effort during this time of year to be able to put this information together, so I would like to thank them as well. Keith?
Keith Busse: Theresa, thank you. Its nice to have an equity posture that equals your long-term debt. And I suspect if you look at the converts differently, we have more equity than we have debt, so I think were in pretty good shape. Thank you for that excellent report. Sarah, were now ready for the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Well go first to Kuni Chen of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, good day, everybody. Hey, Theresa, just want to make sure I heard you right, you said $150 million CapEx?
Theresa Wagler: Yes.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. So I guess the first question I have here is, certainly, if you look at the industry lot of blast furnaces are starting to ramp back up here. Keith, can you just comment on how you feel about your market share, as you look out over the next one quarter to two quarters? Have you gotten any indications from customers that they may look to shift some of their purchasing activity around? Just want to get a sense as to how you see some of the competitive dynamics developing over the near-term.
Keith Busse: We have no indications that theres going to be any shift, but I think even though everyones operating rates are up, it would be hard pressed to probably find anybody whos going to operate at a 100%. When you mention blast furnace, those metallics go into flat-rolled steel making. And so I think for whatever reason, as I said earlier, whether its because we pay more attention, we have better product quality or more competitively priced, and that doesnt obviously reflect itself in any lower operating profitability per ton, in fact, best in the industry, I think well maintain our position. So were not going to give any ground there, and I think as long as the market doesnt fall apart, it will move at a fairly healthy pace. I know theres been some talk of one or two furnaces coming back, but hopefully, that will made up reasonably well to improving market conditions, and there are improving market conditions. So, hopefully there will be a good match there. I think a lot of conversation in the industry about certain competitors being behind the delivery, so maybe some additional pass-through will help them bring their deliveries back to on target and on schedule. No, I dont think were going to lose any share.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And then just a quick follow-up on Mesabi. I guess, can you quantify the start-up in the fourth quarter, I think in the past, youve said you expected about a 6 million impact for the quarter. Is that still a good number? And what should we be thinking about for the first quarter?
Mark Millett: For the first quarter, I think we projected about 30,000 tons, or 34,000 tons. If we hit that, I think were in the 6 million to 7 million range. The mechanical of the conveyance may slow that down, so perhaps 8 million that we should be in that range.
Keith Busse: I think its important to know too, if you didnt catch it when Mark was talking, that theres nothing in the process that isnt working extraordinarily well. Weve got some mechanical waying issues, and theyre important you got any material to the batteries, but nonetheless, the product coming out the other end is a very, very high quality. In fact, I saw Larry Litman [ph] at the American Metal Conference last week. He was part of that original thinking of and the Mesabi Nugget was part of the team originally and offered his congratulations. He said if you get any better at the start-up, youre going to make it steel and not iron. I guess we had some pretty decent results from carbon content. So I think the process, Tony, is working well; we just get through some bugs. You might say the losses are going to parallel what they were in the fourth quarter.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Up next from Jefferies and Co., well go to Brent Levy.
Brent Levy  Jefferies: Hey, guys, can you talk about by major product areas where the backlogs are? I know, Keith, you sort of gave a rough sense, good, decent, etc., Can you talk in more specific weeks or months, sheet, bar, etc., where the backlogs are? And then talk about what price increases have been announced, I guess most of them, if we can say from the beginning of the year how much of price increases been announced for the major products as well.
Keith Busse: We dont announce price increases. We kind of go out and do our thing in the market. I think its fair to say today that the hot roll markets probably a little north of $600, which is a pretty substantial improvement from a couple of months ago when it was back under $500. But scrap costs, in our case, certainly are up about as much. We dont use a 100% bundles and bushing, and we have stock on hand and liquid iron we introduced, pig iron we have on hand, so it doesnt fall down to the bottom-line as $100. So I think were going to be able to maintain if not improve margins. As to the size of the backlog, its really just that very steady in flat-rolled. 50,000 tons to 60, 000 tons come into, 50,000 tons to 60,000 tons gone up. The backlog hasnt gotten a lot longer. I dont think theyre going to, in our case, as a spot guy, probably lengthen. Theyre not going to go out for three months. If you were an integrated shop and youre dealing with longer lead times for the automobile community and plans to give to others, you might see backlogs be out a little further, but yet operating rates certainly arent at a 100% in those areas, competitive areas either, but were only out a month as I said in flat-rolled, and thats fine by us. We operate fairly well with that kind of a lead time and I think our customers understand that and they understand our ability to turn on a dime, if you will, or ramp up results, or ramp down as needed. I dont think theres any concern about the size of the backlog. Dick mentioned that the backlog has structurally doubled, but doubled, its still nothing. Maybe actually weve had very good order recently, all kidding aside, I think people are now sensing that this is probably the bottom of that market and if stocking has reached the bottom, there are opportunities for a number of people to replenish inventories, those that have inventories that are too low relative to even market conditions. Weve had a number of small fabricators who about priced out of the market, if you will, with the spread between list price and transaction values, and really come back and given us kudos and said, thank you, I was thinking about shutting my business down. I think about to keep it open now, I can be competitive again. So I think its going to be slow going there As you know, throughout 2010, I think Ive said openly, we dont expect to run anything north of 40%. If we are lucky enough to operate at 50% or 60%, it will make a meaningful difference in terms of the bottom-line for us. Backlogs in the merchant arena are just steady. Not much change. They dont change a lot. Generally speaking, a month, month and a half production is sitting in backlog, and it hasnt changed a whole heck of a lot. So that SPQ bars, backlogs are up generously there, and order entry is very steady in that arena as well.
Brent Levy  Jefferies: Keith, you do opine on the outlook for scrap. From this point do you see it updown or sideways for the balance of 2010?
Keith Busse: A week or two ago, we looked at it as sideways, so thats pretty much what happened for February delivery. I would think as flows pick up without any significant increase in demand because of the economic conditions, you probably could see scrap take a step or two backwards, a couple of people at the conference I was at, said, where in the world are you going to find a commodity in four months or five months at some 50%? Certainly not in steel pricing. But he thought scrap was dramatically overpriced. I wouldnt tell you that it was dramatically over priced. It probably got ahead of itself a little bit, but I dont know, theres a chance it could go backwards a little bit in the spring. it may not happen. Theres a chance surely in the summer, as always happens, might go up as you approach vacation time in the manufacturing world. But weve basically said we dont see it changing. If you look at Januarys numbers compared to Decembers numbers, we probably dont see a lot of change. I dont think youre going to see a run away freight train or a same goes from a $400 market to an $800 market. Mark, you might want to add some color?
Mark Millett: I think were seeing quite disconnect in the markets in February whereby prime scrap is a little tighter, obviously, domestic manufacturing hasnt picked up at all and the sheet metal utilization is up, and so I think theres going to be a little pressure on the prime side, and it causes a little uptick in pricing in February. Obviously, shred sizes decline, obviously, a lot of the structural mills are still kind of soft, and thereby demand for that product is not there, and I think that product in February and probably March is going to be sideways to down a little bit, so averaging out, it will be kind of sideways. Going forward, I think the influence will have an impact one way or the other, as shred backs off a little bit, Turkish and other people will come into the market. Currently, their pricing is around about 300, 310 at the port, which is not attractive to any domestic suppliers of any note, but they may jump back in the market. Ocean freights are going down, and that may give some stability to the obsolete grades. Any further rise in about three days, our crystal ball gets little clarity.
Brent Levy  Jefferies: Thank you, guys.
Keith Busse: Anything else, Brent?
Brent Levy  Jefferies: No, thanks very much.
Operator: We hear next from David Cath [ph], JP Morgan.
David Cath  JP Morgan: Hi, I just have a follow-up question on the capital expenditures. Obviously its coming down quite a lot to be 150. I was curious what portion of that now is maintenance CapEx, and in an ongoing better market, what do you think maintenance CapEx would rise to be?
Theresa Wagler: Dave, the way that I think about our maintenance CapEx is a little bit different than what we used to be talking about, in fact, our maintenance CapEx will be a project that improves efficiency or do necessary things its not just maintenance in nature, but I tend to say that that amount typically is $50 million to $60 million, as you include all the operations. Of that amount Id say probably its less than that for next years expectations weve got most of it in steel operations, and it was in the steel operations most of the CapEx are at structural mill, and it will probably fit evenly between the structural mill, the flat-rolled division and engineer of our products through some of the changes that Dick talked about earlier on the call.
David Cath  JP Morgan: And carry over from Nugget?
Theresa Wagler: Carries, there is little carry over from Nugget, not very much.
Dick Teets: And we have needless to say maintenance types and environmental CapEx at Huntington were in the process of spending about $5 million in total for (inaudible) exhaust control from an environmental perspective and were also going to be putting in and do scrap charging crane down there. Thats about $2.5 million to $3 million expenditure. So that is the maintenance type (inaudible).
David Cath  JP Morgan: Okay. And then I believe in the past that youd talked about at some point the possibility of maybe doing something on the West Coast. Obviously, in this market environment, that type of expansion might not be whats foremost on the plate, but, do you think longer-term that may still be something that you guys would consider?
Keith Busse: Probably not.
David Cath  JP Morgan: And why has that changed?
Keith Busse: Its a small market, and I think there may be better opportunities for the company in the next couple of years. You never want to say never. Its becoming more difficult to cite steel making activities on the West Coast. Its impossible in California, becoming more difficult in Oregon and Washington. So given the size of the market, weve kind of backed away from that project.
David Cath  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Timna Tanners of UBS has our next question. Your line is open.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Hi, good morning
Keith Busse: Hi, Tanners.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Hey. I wanted to see if we can get as much as possible here in terms of understanding the recycling business. And I think were all learning that this new element of your company is going to be perhaps more volatile than the steel making that weve gotten used to, but really trying to understand in terms of from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, how would you think about a more run rate number? I know you have talked a little bit about this in the past. Can you give us more of an idea what you expect the profitability or the performance to be like in the near future?
Keith Busse: Im going to let Mark answer that question. Before we get to though, recall that we had nearly a $50 million quarter in the third quarter and the margin shifts, because of rising pricing environment for scrap, changed that by, gees, $35 million. I think we had other sundry nonrecurring charges of $7 million or something like that. So youre right, its a little tougher to learn it, get your arms around it, and well get better in forecasting than were today. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Millett: I guess Id suggest you that we could forecast it really well if we knew where the pricing was going to go. Literally, mid month, if you go back the last 24 months or 36 months, and you just go mid-month prior to the negotiations or the first week of the following month, its anyones guess, honestly, what the price is going to be. Obviously, we have market intelligence, and we have a field for, yes, things are going to be tight and the market is going to move up, but I dont think anyone would have guessed two months ago that the market is going in the last three months or the last 90 days be up $140 or whatever its been. So its the volatility of the market that things complicated. With hindsight, we can quite easily go back and reconcile the difference between the third quarter and the fourth quarter and again, when you got September pricing at 340, I cant remember our exact inventory, we had 270,000 tons or 300,000 tons or thereabouts of inventory in September, for delivery in a down market in October and November. So its not a mystery when you know where the pricing is going to be.
Keith Busse: And that alone could be a $15 million reversal of fortune, if you will.
Mark Millett: Weve broad numbers. We shipped in October and November, 780,000 tons or thereabouts. Take 780,000 tons, you put the number to it, down 30, down 40, September to October, was down I think $30 in October to November down another 45,000 tons. You take 780,000 tons times $30, $35, you got a huge swing there. You could tack for quite readily.
Keith Busse: Tanners, it wasnt that we didnt think the market wasnt going down, we did, just not down as much, and therefore, thinking we were going to suffer a margin loss of maybe 20 million turned out be a lot more than that, especially when combined with some one-time adjustments we had to make.
Timna Tanners  UBS: That makes sense. I guess what Im trying to understand is maybe ask differently, the margin on the normal basis with understanding therell be abnormal situations, its been more like 6% to 8%, maybe 5% to 8% historically, is there anything structurally thats changed as you think there is a margin that on a normal basis you would expect to achieve in this segment? Operating income margin.
Keith Busse: Hes thinking.
Mark Millett: Im thinking, not saying anything, because if I say a number, then its going to be used going forward. Its not quite as simple as the steel roll. You have a variety of different flows, and you have brokerage turns flowing through, and margins in that business maybe two, three, four bucks. You have industrial flow, scrap management business, where margins may be $10 to $20. And then you have the very volatile flow of the obsolete world that can, in the retail world, that can be anywhere from very little to a lot.
Timna Tanners  UBS: But, is there anything structurally changed?
Mark Millett: Structurally changed? I would say, no.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay.
Mark Millett: In the shredded world, things have got a little more competitive, but I think structurally, I dont believe so.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay. And if I could, one more question. Im trying to just get a sense of your impression of the new capacity thats coming on in sheet, both in the short-term with restarts, and in the longer-term with some new capacity. If you could comment on that and also your anticipated plans with regard to any new capacity as well. Thank you.
Keith Busse: Before I do that, I usually am a little bolder than Mark, and Ive said it before that I think this business can earn in normal times a normal capacity without huge volatility, I think you could at least look at a $30 type margin times, 6 million tons, not unreasonable to think about $180 million. Ive said that before, Marks shaking his head, thats reasonable. I think in normal times, thats something you can circle or pin around probably, but with volatility, it does change it up or down. Back to your other question about new capacity, I think the order books are improving, and some key capacity was offline. I think well be coming back. I dont know that these capacity additions are all that outrageous. I think, as I understand, the project that if Warren, theyre thinking about lots of different things, anywhere from making pig iron to producing slabs because they have a need for them at other locations potentially. Ive heard anything about our rolling mill restarting, but I think non-ferrous metal was going to bring ferrous back and then want electric furnaces are coming back, but as I said earlier, I should hope that improving demand, that that will just keep up with improving demand, and we wont suffer a step backwards at this point in time.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay. Thanks.
Mark Millett: I think, Tanners, not to cross party line here, but the one thing that we found in the past, is the flexibility and short lead time of our mills is that the folks do a phenomenal job reacting and the service center distributor arena today cannot necessarily finance a huge amount of inventory, and given the flexibility of our mills, we will continue to be the preferred supplier.
Timna Tanners  UBS: All right, great, thanks.
Keith Busse: Tanners, we didnt talk about hiss and crop, but I think start ups the ways off in that impact is ways off.
Operator: Anything further, caller?
Timna Tanners  UBS: I could go on and I dont want to hog the call, but I know theres also the (inaudible) additional capacity, and theres some comments, you said publicly about new capacity, so I just wondering if you were going to be able to comment on that as well.
Keith Busse: I have no comment.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Michael Gambardella of JP Morgan has our next question.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Yes, good morning, guys. Where are you operating right now company wide on the sheet business in terms of capacity utilization?
Keith Busse: Probably less than a 100% at the text, but at Butler, at a 100%.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Okay. And on Mesabi Nugget, do you get all the iron ore feedstock from Cliffs?
Dick Teets: We got about almost, if we run 600,000 this year, we may not have what three years worth of commitment, but we have I think three years of commitment, give or take a little bit on concentrate, and thats a combination of material from old material from QCM that we redirected from iron dynamics, we have a substantial amount coming from our good friend Cliffs, and we have a supply coming from Magnetation, which is principally owned by Larry Litman, who is recycling iron concentrate tailings deposit to ore mines up on the range.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: And could you talk about the pricing of that material?
Dick Teets: Its little immaterial. Cannot talk. Off the top of my head, I dont no what the price is.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Is the QCM, because theyre on the eastern side, are they tied to the sea born price of iron ore?
Dick Teets: Canadian, yes.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: And then is Cliffs?
Dick Teets: Cliffs is Canadian.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: So thats the sea born price as well?
Dick Teets: Magnetation is slightly discounted that well.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: And then where do you get the coal?
Dick Teets: Coal, we have a couple of different sources, principally from West Virginia, currently.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Can you give us an idea of what you estimate the cost of Mesabi Nugget finished product to be once its up and running at safe current levels of input cost?
Dick Teets: Currently, we would predict about 340. Somewhere between 330 and 340 with market price material. With Mesabi Nugget material even 300 to 320 range.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: And then I guess, we could estimate depending upon what iron ore and net coal prices do for the contract year in terms of increases off of that?
Dick Teets: Yes.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan:  Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Dick Teets: Thats for metric ton.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Thats for metric ton? Right.
Keith Busse: 300 to 320, I can say, (inaudible).
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Bradford Research, well go to Charles Bradford.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Good morning. Could you talk a bit about product mix change? Because you showed or commented about a $48 a ton increase in average selling price, and a $29 increase in scrap, which would imply an improved spread. I was sort of guess that maybe theres a lot more coated product in here and maybe the 
Keith Busse: Chuck, it is impacted somewhat by the fact that the text by material, and in the third quarter, were working off of more a old stock, in the fourth quarter, more a new stock, if you will, that was priced differently, but thats not the real color. The real color is the structural division, and its really not administrative in nature. Structure made decent money in the third quarter and basically broke even in the fourth quarter and youre still carrying the same amount of overhead. So its the overhead the operating cost, not administrative that impact that number. Thats why you didnt see margins improve.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Understood. In looking ahead, in just basically the quoted market prices look like something like a $50 a ton increase in price in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, at least on the flat-rolled side, does that make any sense for you as well?
Keith Busse: Yes.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Okay. And then you have some catch-up on scrap, some of those scrap might be significantly lesser increase, especially with the flat in February and possibly weaker in March, would that be fair?
Keith Busse: Yes, I think that scrap costs would probably peak for us in the February time frame in terms of the price of the unit put in the furnace and then flatten out and go down a little bit from there. But obviously increase substantially with the price increases of December and January being significant, although lesser [ph] earlier, we have the same ore pile on hand in terms of iron ore, and that didnt change, and a lot of the things we consumed didnt change or went up very little or not as much as premium grade. So its a mixed bag. And youre not going to see all $100 in past, it might turn out to be six year, seven year, Ive studied it, but, its not a 100% of that, its drilled through, so certain areas, it could leave room for margin increases and others it could be margin compression, but overall we should have a little better margins and hopefully better volume in this quarter.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: But, probably not back or do you think it could get back to the third quarter level? Obviously, not the structural.
Keith Busse: Yes, not the structural. Thats right. But I think probably flat-rolled could, yes.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Thank you.
Operator: Well move next to Goldman Sachss Sal Tharani.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Theresa, quickly, on the amortization of intangibles, what should we consider going forward for the next year or so?
Theresa Wagler: Around $12 million a quarter.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. Keith, wanted to ask you on your previous comments youve made in the past about further expansion. You have one of the best conversion costs with Mesabi Nugget, youre probably going to have a good raw material feed price over a cycle, and do you think that that plan still is in place and what would be the path and what would you need from Mesabi Nugget side project to implement that plan?
Keith Busse: I think that feed stock would be important to increase capacity, and weve talked about looking at additional flat-rolled capacity down the road. Thats, as we said earlier, years away, not an immediate thing. We continue to model it, look at it, price it, but feedstock is an important part of that equation. We have a pretty steady basket of suppliers of ferrous goods, including our own resources which are growing and will continue to grow, but Mesabi Nugget would play a key role in that, and obviously, we will probably know a lot about that process and its capability by mid-year. But clearly that would be an important element in the feedstock for Butler and any food enterprise prices serving that market place in the future. Wed like to see that mix improve to where today its 5% iron ore and 10% iron dynamics kind of thing, and the rest is scrap, just kind of rough numbers, which puts you at 15%, and wed like to see material available at the 30% rain for the mill or perhaps as high as in the 40 sometimes. And it would obviously help the residual problems we deal with from time to time and again be problems. And so we certainly would welcome that material part of the north Texas.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: And the path to the Mesabi, lets say, if you go that way down the road and you depend on Mesabi, depending on it success, obviously that would require expansion of Mesabi south and you have room over there, but would that depend on your actually operating your own mines or mine at that time?
Keith Busse: Yes, and Mark didnt really give a report on the mining activity. He might do that. As we said in the past, if the first battery works well, theres pretty broad commercial market for a product of this nature. We think we could sell all we could make it, and would hope to build several more batteries in time, one after another so to speak. We have to certainly await the results of first one, but it would require the mining effort at that point in time. Mark, do you want to speak to that?
Mark Millett: Nothing really changed, Keith, since the last conference call. I think I suggested then that the firming process had a couple of issues, weve addressed it and we anticipated getting some at the end of this year, and its probably shifted about 10 months to 12 months. So would be hopefully November of next year.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Next year being 2011?
Mark Millett: Yes. Again, currently, we submitted the application and its in the states hands.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Mark, another question on the scrap is, you alluded to a very good point that when the prices were going up in November and December, obviously you got margins are squeezed, but when the prices went down, you ran into the flow problem where people started to holding back, expecting prices to go back a bit at some point. Is there any way to minimize this factor, because this can happen again, where, because you have done fairly well, and they dont need to sell right away, may continue to do this action? Is anything do you think scrap industry can do or process like just out to mitigate that issue?
Mark Millett: I think as youve seen couple of our competitors that theyve got further backwardly integrate into the auto arena, pick part types of organizations, trying to get into sort of the grass roots, I should say, supply. Were looking at a variety of different options there. We build on crushing crew to go out and help work in partnership with the order crushes and rankers, so were looking to try and send that volatility.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: Up next, well move to Tony Rizzuto of Dahlman Rose & Co.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: Thanks very much. I got a couple questions. First, a follow-up on the Mesabi Nugget question about that cost of $300 per ton to $320 per ton, what kind of assumptions are you guys making your base case for met coal and sea born iron ore this year, and what is maybe in those figures you gave us?
Keith Busse: That is contemplating about a $70 (inaudible) price and about a $160 coal price.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: Great. And then also just a follow-up on, I heard some comments about an income tax refund for this year around mid-year I was wondering if you could talk broadly about how you see the working capital requirements planning out in the first half of this year as well. And then I have one more question too.
Theresa Wagler: Regarding working capital in the first half of the year, youre going to see pretty significant draw, somewhere between $75 million and $100 million, probably due to increasing receivables and inventories, both small amount due to Mesabi Nugget, but more aggressively due to what we expect to be more positive first half. But then a lot of that is minimized in the second half of the year. So I would expect maybe a $100 million over the year.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay. Thanks, Theresa. And then a bigger picture question for you, Keith. Obviously, a lot of enterprise here with a dollar and theres new administration, and the credit still seemingly tight on a lot of different levels, at least what we continue to hear out there, and I was wondering what your thoughts are on how this may be changing the competitiveness of the U.S. industrial/manufacturing economy, and do you see a meaningful opportunity here that we could really see in key end markets, operating rates move meaningfully higher here in 2010?
Keith Busse: I think there could be significant opportunities tied to the weaker dollar. But we still have not addressed or, our competitive disadvantage is relative to RMB and China fixing the RMB pegging it to the dollar and its not being a strong enough currency yet. It has its negative effects as well. Although China has never, from a steel making perspective been a major importer in the United States. There have been times when you got a little out of control, but nothing wild. And I dont expect with the dollar being weaker of this, youll see imports come into this country in any kind of a major way and for those who are in a better position to ship material from coastal ports, I think there will be export opportunities, which could help overall demand. I dont think were going to see terrific pressure, given the malaise that still exists globally on the scrap market, from time to time, people going to drift back in and out of that market, put some pressure on it, which is creating most of the volatility. I think you talk to most people in scrap business, they really would prefer stability, yet they still, each one of them sometimes they can outsmart the other guy relative to taking long positions in the market, and for some, it works out, for others, it doesnt, usually causes greater heartache and pain than it does a better bottom-line, because everybody thinks theyre smarter than the next guy. So wed all prefer less volatility, but that is probably any volatility here is probably going to be at the hands of foreign activity, and that will be China and Turkey related as that in the past.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: Youre not concerned, it sounds like, about this near-term a little bit of reversal that weve seen in the dollar? You dont expect that will continue? Do you see that because of the structure issues were dealing with as a country that the dollar will continue along the week or maybe more stable?
Keith Busse: I think you said it. I cant say it any better than that.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: All right, Keith, I appreciate your thoughts on that. One more, just a quick follow up. You guys indicated that youre seeing somewhat better order patterns for the structurals, and I was wondering is there any other light at the end of the tunnel that you can point to? It seems like a lot of those projects were coming off, and we still had some of that follow-through, but what else can you tell us maybe more detail there?
Keith Busse: Yes, I would hardly characterize the risk order entry, weve had recently as an order entry pattern. I hope it continues, and if it does, Ive said earlier, I think its probably largely tied to over-destocking more than stimulus related activity.
Dick Teets: I think you will see in this timeframe both in structural and as well as in large shapes that many times we see these spikes in order entry and theyre very short-term relationships to perceived pricing changes. We had a run at the end of December or shipments out of the angles and small merchant shades, because there was a pending price increase 1st of January. If scrap goes up and theres another price increase in rebar and so forth. We can see people restocking for a short-term position, but not necessarily a long-term improving economy.
Tony Rizzuto  Dahlman Rose & Co.: Thats great color, Dick, appreciate that. Keith and Dick, thanks so much.
Operator: From Southridge Investment, well move to Bob Richard.
Bob Richard  Southridge Investment: Hi, good morning. Question regarding fabrication. You mentioned last quarter that there could be some pent-up demand that was awaiting financing, based on the intensity of some quote activity. Are you still seeing that?
Mark Millett: Were still saying jobs quoted multiple times, and what were seeing occasionally is it with financing freeze up on a job get approved on a job, the owner wants the project move forward very quickly to take care of these depressed pricing levels to take advantage of structure cost in todays market. So theres some of that. Now, doesnt imply that theres going to be a massive surge, it just means that we think that this market has hit bottom, it declines faster than the rest of the numbers in structure market, statistically speaking of the overall dollars put in place statistic, and we think that some of that pent-up demand could contribute to this year being just a little bit easier even than 2009, just a little bit better.
Bob Richard  Southridge Investment: It helps. But you mentioned joist pricing in the last quarter being also competitive, are you still seeing that out of whack from maybe production costs from your competition?
Mark Millett: Its different in different regions, but it remains extremely competitive.
Bob Richard  Southridge Investment: And then, Keith, just beat Mesabi Nugget is 500,000 tons per year do you think that enough to supply your prime scrap consumption in flat-rolled or is it that not quite enough?
Keith Busse: We would want supply the prime, right now, we probably look something on the order of 65% prime bundles and bushing and thats never going to totally go away, that could go down to 45%, with an improvement in iron content or 50%, but its not going to go away.
Mark Millett: With the commission (inaudible) youre limited through carbon content of the pig iron to about 40% or so, of the mix.
Bob Richard  Southridge Investment: Okay. That helps out quite a bit. Thanks for taking my question, and best of luck.
Mark Millett: But if I may, I spoke in error here earlier; I forgot weve moved into a new year. When I talked about the permanent optimistically, it is the end of this year, not end of 2011.
Keith Busse: Yes, Mark saw me nearly fall off the table when he said that. Glad he corrected it.
Mark Millett: Id not to say may not get into the first quarter of 2011.
Keith Busse: Thank you. Biding from hopefully itll be the end of this year.
Operator: Moving on from KeyBanc Capital Markets, well go to Mark Parr.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, thanks a lot. Good morning. Keith, just to round out the scrap discussion, you had indicated that scrap costs, at the melt chop, were going to peak in February. Assuming that we 
Keith Busse: We dont know that, because I dont know what material is going to deliver for in March. Im assuming its probably sideways. It down a little, and if it is, then they would peak in the February time frame.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes, thats where I was going, but kind of assuming we dont get any major changes on the February buy relative to whats been indicated, do you have a sense of where scrap for the first quarter overall could be overall relative to the fourth quarter?
Keith Busse: I thought I said earlier that I thought the melt costs were looking at sort of in the first quarter would not look altogether differently by the end of the year, be in the same arena. It might go down in the spring and up in the summer, end up in the same place.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Thanks for that. Just one other thing on Mesabi, Mark, I was wondering, whats your update on the national gas assumption for the cost of Mesabi?
Mark Millett: I think reasonably serving. And we think that earlier number
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: By the way, appreciate all the color that youve given on Mesabi. Its an amazing achievement you guys have done in the weather up there.
Mark Millett: Weve plugged down about 4 million BTUs. 4 decatherms per ton, iron dynamics is running about 3.5 in a quarter. So I think we have a reasonably conservative at 4 decatherms per ton.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, terrific. Thanks for the color, and good luck rounding out the first quarter operations. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Michael Gambardella of JP Morgan has a follow-up question. Please go ahead.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Keith, just to follow up on the Mesabi Nugget issue, and just scrap substitute need in general, first of all, did I hear someone say that an EAF has limitation of pig iron at 40% feed?
Mark Millett: I say that conventional pig iron, conventional electric arc furnace matches that number, yes.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Okay. Just hypothetical question. If you had great need for scrap substitute product and say more capability on your balance sheet would you go to a more conventional route like a blast furnace to get this?
Keith Busse: The way this thing is looking right now, probably not. Remember, with any new blast furnace operation, youve got considerable depreciation that youre looking at, and whether or not financed or not, we financed a good bit of Mesabi Nugget, thats going to impact it till that debt is paid down. Mesabi Nugget cost of production goes down significantly, so the stability and the iron and coal market goes down remarkably without interest load on it, depreciation load it, it goes down significantly becomes a very, very competitive process as you would measure against assets that are already depreciated, arent carrying any debt load. So I cant imagine us given the earlier results of this wanting to go another route.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: And just to refresh me again what are the capital costs on Mesabi Nugget?
Mark Millett: Its probably around about 290.
Keith Busse: Weve said the battery too, because you have a certain amount of ancillary support would not cost that much. We know better what were doing and what were buying, and we dont have to buy all the tools. I cant quote you a number, but its not 290, and its probably about 200.
Mark Millett: Thats about right.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Did you say 290 million or 290 per ton?
Keith Busse: $290 million, I think is what Mark was saying and battery number too would probably north of $200 million because there are certain soft costs.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Right. And what kind of capability would you give on one and two?
Keith Busse: 500,000 is the anticipated volume per battery.
Michael Gambardella  JP Morgan: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Charles Bradford of Bradford Research has another follow up question. Please go ahead.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Hi, I dont want to beat this Mesabi Nugget to death, but Im hearing that pig iron, out of Brazil, which is what youre substituting for, is running maybe 410, maybe as much as 430 at New Orleans. What are you hearing and what would it take to get it up to Butler? Because thats really where the savings are going to be.
Keith Busse: You hear all numbers about where its at, I heard of cargoes of 400, we also heard of 370-380, but call it $400, put a frank number on it, its about 40 bucks I recall to get it up here. $47, Mark said. It becomes pretty expensive material for us at $50, $450, we wouldnt mind that kind of a number at nugget, they probably ought to earn a reasonable amount of money with that spread.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Because if Nugget is even 340 plus freight, that would seem like pretty good return.
Keith Busse: Yes, it could a decent early return, which should only improve, Chuck, over time.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Yes, maybe a three year payback on the 290?
Keith Busse: Ill leave that up to you.
Charles Bradford  Bradford Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Keith Busse: Youre welcome.
Operator: Sal Tharani of Goldman Sachs has a follow-up question. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Two quick questions, all the tons we are using in Mesabi Nugget in cost and volume is all metric ton?
Keith Busse: Yes.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Theresa, you generally give us a break down on the flat-rolled side. Would you be providing this time?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely. For the fourth quarter, the breakout was hot roll tons 263,000. Pickled and oils, 72,000. Coal rolled 61,000. Hot rolled galvanized 91,000. Cold rolled galvanized 72,000. Payment products 68,000, and finally galvalum was at 19,000.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Theresa Wagler: Youre welcome.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the conference back over to our speakers.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Sarah. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I think weve provided some pretty good color today, in an improving environment, were all thankful for that.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner - IRM Keith Busse - Chairman and CEO Richard Teets - President and COO, Steel Operations Mark Millett - President and COO, Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources Gary Heasley - EVP Theresa Wagler - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Timna Tanners - UBS Michelle Applebaum - Michelle Applebaum Research Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jeff Kramer - UBS Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer & Company Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs Luke Folta - Longbow Research Tony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose  
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Just as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President; Theresa Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. And now at this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir. 
Fred Warner : Welcome to the Steel Dynamics third quarter 2009 conference call. The call is being webcast live, October 20, 2009 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Later today, you'll be able to replay the call from our website and download it as a podcast. Today, our management may make various statements that are forward-looking. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such statements which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical facts are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words. These statements are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We question that actual future events and results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that may be made today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental, monetary or fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports, conditions in the credit markets, the price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, litigation outcomes and equipment failures.  You may find additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements. Refer to sections entitled forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q as well as in other reports we file from time-to-time with the Securities & Exchange Commission.  These reports are publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov and on our website steeldynamics.com. After today's management discussion, we will open the call for questions from those who have informed us they desire to ask questions. Today's call begins with comments by Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Keith? 
Keith Busse : Thanks, Fred. Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us this morning. It's certainly very refreshing to be reporting on some very positive results as it relates to third quarter earnings. As you all know, its been a trying past 12 month period of time to say the least and we reported losses for the last three quarters in a row, almost returning to profitability in Q2 but not quite getting there, but its certainly exciting to be reporting a $0.30 profit per share, that's diluted in the third quarter of '09.  Still remind all of us though that we have lost $0.18 on a year-to-date basis and $35 million on a year-to-date basis, but as we said in our press release, we expect to maintain a fairly consistent level of profitability and report a profit in Q4 and for that matter, a profit on a year-to-date basis. There might be some question as to the word profit in the fourth quarter. What we meant to say is the net profit, after tax profit will occur, we do believe at this time, will occur in the fourth quarter and give us say well, we know it will occur in the fourth quarter, it will give us a year-to-date net diluted profit not only in dollars but in per share earnings. So, wanted to clarify that.  We had net sales during the quarter of $1.2 billion. Might point out that that's an annualized rate of nearly $5 billion up sharply from where we were in earlier quarters. And our shipping volumes during the quarter were about 1.2 million tons significantly increasing from the second quarter and again annualizing it at near five million tons per annum in shipments. In the second paragraph, we talked about the average scrap cost per net ton charge increase $49 compared to the second quarter. Might note that we still had very good scrap costs I think by comparison perhaps to our peers in the second quarter. But it was quarter-over-quarter. It will, again rise. Need to be clear about that. The scrap cost per net ton charge into our furnaces will increase during the fourth quarter in spite of the fact that the scrap prices are coming down now. We had increases in June, July, August, and September and those increases will be to some extent, reflected in the operating results for October and November with declining scrap cost being reflected in operating results for late November, December. So, for those of you in your mind thinking about scrap going down, quarter-over-the-quarter, it certainly will, I think scrap this past month on primes declined about $30 a ton and on cut grades, it was $20-$25 a ton on shredded, it was about $30 a ton. I would expect in November that the price for industrial scrap will be down sharply again as will probably pricing for the cut grades and shredded materials. At least that's what we see at this point in time is that the delivery cost in November will again be less than the delivery cost in October. So way too early to look at what delivery cost will be in December, but right now, scrap costs are trending down, and I would remind everyone they do impact the margins as a regard to Metals Recycling segment of our business. Because what Mark and his team, in effect purchased in September at a higher price was being delivered to customers in October at a lower price etcetera, etcetera.  So, when you're traveling down the hill, you always have that one month delay. So, last month's purchase price is being reflected in next month's delivery price. So, there will be margin compression until that bottoms out or proceeds back up the hill, if you will. As we noted, the scrap cost increased by $49 and the selling values increased on an average by only $33 during the quarter. That's the Steel segment. Therefore, you would have to conclude that the margin compression we enjoyed with the significant increase in volume and with the cost control efforts that our employees have engaged in over the past nine months to a year have paid big dividends, because the bottom line increased sharply. In the fourth quarter, what we see prices going up on the whole quarter-over-quarter, the scrap cost will follow. It's a matter of timing. The scrap then purchased in the fourth quarter will largely be reflected as I said in December-January type results. I think it's also significant to note that the operating profit per ton returned to a very excellent level of $105 a ton in Q3. And it's also significant to note that OmniSource's operating profit was at about $50 million during the quarter that would not net to that because of the losses or breakeven or whereabouts at Iron Dynamics and the losses at Mesabi Nugget.  Business conditions, as I said, in the text of the press release remain relatively steady. Our flat-rolled backlogs are fairly stable. Order entry week in for a two week period then gained ahead of steam again last week as we gathered about 50,000-55,000 tons of orders during the past week which is about our capability in terms of a run rate. So, but we did have order entry slacked for about a two-week period of time before it pick back up again. Our outlook is that it flat-rolled may or could, would be the correct words, regressed just a little due to the seasonality, in terms of production shipments. Although, right now we don't see anything that would lead us to believe that is a substantial number. Production will be down slightly. Shipments will probably up slightly as with regard Flat Roll. Overall though, shipments quarter-over-quarter will likely go down from the 1,250,000 ton vicinity or range to something just north of 1,200,000 tons and that's probably 10,000 tons in the flat-rolled arena which would include the next 10,000 tons or thereabouts Structural 10,000 tons or thereabouts in merchant shape. So, we're reflecting fewer shipments for the entire segment as we go forward, during the fourth quarter, but not necessarily in Flat Roll. As I said in the text of the statement, business conditions remain good and flat-rolled and with the text, we are running at about 60% to 70% in flat-rolled and with the text we are running at about 60-70% of our capacity and the merchant area as with regard to SBQ and the Structural and Rail Division although it seems a modest improvement, its modest with a capital m, with the utilization rates still in the low 30% range which is now being measured, I want to point out, against 1.8 million tons of annualized shipping capability or capacity. So, that's our current run rate there.  The outlook for Structural is not all that good in the fourth quarter and perhaps in Q1. We could see momentum again, by the spring of the year in the construction arena and the planning for that will go on early in the year, and we could see increased operating activity in that arena beginning sometime next year, but right now, its fairly dismal out there in terms of nonresidential construction activity. In the last paragraph on the first page we talked about the fact that our earnings could be off slightly, off somewhat from quarter-to-quarter, and that's due to some seasonality coupled with the slight slowing in market momentum and margin compression and recycling and start-up costs related to Mesabi Nugget. But most of that from a modeling perspective, most of the regression if there is any, and operating results will come from recycling, whereas I said you're always delivering last month's purchases the following month.  So, during the months, in October and November, we're fairly sure that the markets are going to be down in recycling, too early to tell in December, but any backward regression in earnings per share momentum probably would be largely tied to recycling and to start-up costs to Mesabi Nugget and other sundry year-end expenses that might occur.  So, that's really the crux of where we're at from where we were in the third quarter. Its a very, very good third quarter report. I do believe, and we're not seeing any substantial reduction in order entry in the Steel segment although, we are being cautious at this point in time. At this point in time, Ill turn the conversation over to Dick Teets wholl give you more color in detail in the Steel segment arena.
Richard Teets: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Id like to just add a few comments to what Keith in the press release have already stated. But first, Id like to thank all of our employees for their continuing efforts to improve our safety performance. I don't want to jinx anyone, but both the Roanoke Bar Division and Steel of West Virginia are on track to achieve the best reportables and lowest lost time performances in their history. Congratulations. Id also like to acknowledge our team's efforts that improving our costs. The top floor really has no control over our sales price but we do continue to receive great suggestions for continuing improvements in both production and maintenance practices. Now to the products. Flat Roll at both the Texas as well as Butler continue to be well booked as Keith said, and we see incremental improvements in almost all of our markets except commercial and residential construction. The automotive markets are yet to be determined for the full fourth quarter. At Butler, we did set production records in both the melting and casting as well as the hot strip mill departments. Now, this is due to the completion of our furnace expansion projects.  The Structural and Rail Divisions operating rate has continued to improve slightly as we add additional products from a Rail perspective. We also have added channels to their product mix. Work continues on the number two castor, utilizing most of our employees and we continue to work there because of the differential casting sections that will be produced and they will give us an opportunity to continue to add even additional sections through the use of the medium-section mill at Columbia City. In Pittsboro, we've continued to grow our market share in the automotive sector and we're anticipating that our off-road/construction equipment customers will begin seeing the benefits of economic improvements in developing countries. Pittsboro has also expanded their product diversity to now include merchant shapes by producing angle sections. They are also expanding their rebar offerings. Improvements to their descaling and bundling areas have contributed to improved safety, quality, and cost.  At Roanoke, yeah they're probably the steadiest of our performance from an operating rate perspective as Keith mentioned. The flexibility toward deliveries and service are noted by the customers and continue to have a solid backlog as a result. The Roanoke melt shop will be taking a two week shut down in November to tie in a new backhouse, but the rolling mill will not miss a beat as they plan to have the necessary inventory of (inaudible) on hand.  Steel of West Virginia has continued to add sections to their product mix also. Our new product solar panel support structures have proven to be a popular product this year, reflecting the attention to alternative energy sources. A new off-line straightener is being commissioned for the number one mill and during the November maintenance shutdown; a new in-line straightener for the number two mill will be installed. Both of these projects will improve safety, quality and cost performance. Keith? 
Keith Busse: Thanks, Dick. Mark? 
Mark Millett: Good morning, everybody. Given the continued subdued steel economy through the quarter, I believe our OmniSource recycled Metals division provided a very, very strong performance, increased domestic steel mill utilization provided the opportunity for increased volumes, ferrous shipments being by 1.3 million tons for the quarter, a 54% increase over Q2. First flow is currently about 75%, 80% of our normalized capability.  Similarly, nonferrous shipments grew to 217 million pounds, a 28% increase from Q2. That side of our business is running year-to-date about 20% behind in volume over 2008. But it's good to see volumes coming back.  The increased volume continued to focus on cost compression in combination with an appreciating transaction value through the quarter, both in ferrous and nonferrous, provided margin expansion with an associated $50 million of operating income. I think thats a terrific performance by the whole OmniSource team.  Looking forward, as Keith suggested, the recent market softness would suggest margin compression is likely through the fourth quarter, as electric arc as well as mill utilization rates eased somewhat. Without any export pressure, scrap pricing will likely follow steel mill pricing in a downward trend. Copper will probably have continued volatility due to fund activity and perceived supply and demand issues. Although we feel both domestic and global real, physical demand is flat. Domestic consumers are keeping inventories low and are only buying against actual sales. Supply is abundant and increased warehouse stocks and surface of scrap flow relative to demand.  In contrast, in slight contrast with the aluminum markets continue to be relatively strong. Recent automotive demands increased the appetite of the secondary smelters. Their orders are pushing forward into November and December, a far cry from past months. Chinese activity remains fair with good export opportunities for December and concurrently, with the market in contango whereas financial deals are locking out primary metal business, thus taking near supply out of the market.  These improved market conditions in aluminum have positively impacted our superior aluminum division, allowing it to be profitable through the recent quarter as the order book strengthens and margins expand. This business in particular has seen increased activity of late as customers are searching for secure material supply from financially stable providers. Iron Dynamics continued to perform well through the third quarter with total shipments to the Butler sheet mill of about 59,000 tons. The liquid pig iron supply is truly integral to the recently realized three million ton annualized operating rates that the Butler team has so successfully achieved. The crews have really done an absolute phenomenal job with the new furnaces.  Mesabi Nugget construction commission in progress is progressing well. Iron concentrate has been introduced to the system. Its solidified. Its been dried to the required moisture content. We've mixed it with ground coal, ground limestone, cut to size it, make green balls and those green balls have been successfully dried. So, the front end is being commissioned very, very well. The factory work to the rotary hot furnace is progressing and is near completion. We expect dry air to stop as expected in November, and barring any unforeseen glitches, preliminary Nugget production is anticipated in December. And for the few that have actually seen the facility up there, its an absolute phenomenal achievement given the scale of the facility. Commissioning activities will increase operating expenses for SDI to about $6 million projected for the Q4 relative to by $3 million incurred in the recent quarter. But progress is good.
Keith Busse: Thanks Mark. You and your team have done a great job with Mesabi Nugget and we held our third quarter board meeting up on the iron range and our Board of Directors had an opportunity to preview the facility and I can tell you they were impressed. Its an impressive facility. We're looking forward to a great start-up. Weve assembled a great team there, its been a long time in coming, but I think its going to be a very important part of our research activity in the electric arc arena. 
Mark Millett: Team has done a phenomenal job. 
Keith Busse: Gary, let's talk about fabrication, what little bit of fabrication is going on out there today. 
Gary Heasley: Good point, Keith. There is not a lot out there. Shipments for the quarter were 35,000 tons down slightly from second quarter shipments. Sales of $33 million down about 11% in the second quarter. As Keith alluded to, industry conditions have become more difficult as nonresidential constructions continue to weaken and slow. Shipments of joist and deck remain off significantly from earlier years. Its a very tough market.  Now, in the face of that weakening market, we've seen pricing soften significantly with some producers pricing joists well below costs in an effort to generate sales in regions where competition is particularly fierce. Obviously, the nonresidential construction weakness is going to remain into 2010, the fourth quarter as well and into 2010. We are seeing projects being quoted several times. What used to be quoted once or twice is now being quoted five or six times as projects are being delayed and millers seek to reduce project costs.  We believe that kind of quote activity indicates there's some degree of pent-up demand that is waiting for financing to become readily available or for owners to become more confident in general business conditions before they move forward with project. New millennium will continue to use its advantage as one of the most efficient joint producers to remain aggressive in the market and the New Millennium team remains very focused on reducing costs and returning the units profitability regardless of market conditions. I want to thank all the employees of New Millennium for their hard work and dedication and for going the extra mile in face of what are some pretty daunting conditions. Thanks, Keith. 
Keith Busse: Thank you, Gary. Theresa?  
Theresa Wagler:  Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Notably in the third quarter, we increased our liquidity position from $650 million at the end of the second quarter to over $770 million at the end of September. Our first lean leverage covenant was actually 0.4 time and our interest coverage was 1.9 times. We generate cash flows from operations of $138 million. Working capital increased $33 million during the quarter as well with trade receivables increasing 32%. However, those receivables still are maintained at a very quality level as 95% are current or less than 60 days past due. Additionally, our inventories increased about $97 million.  Most of that increase was due to increased pricing in scrap, not necessarily volume-related. And finished goods increased about $26 million. And that was a function of both volume and pricing. It was predominantly our (inaudible). Capital investments during the quarter were $96 million. Over 65% of that was related to the completion of the Mesabi Nugget project. Our current thoughts for the fourth quarter of 2009 are for investments between $70 and $80 million. And again, as Mark mentioned earlier, it will be for the start-up and completion of the Mesabi Nugget project, at least 50% of that. I know many of you are interested in capital expenditures for 2010. Were actually still in the preliminary planning stages for that. I would just encourage you all to remember that we're going to continue to be incredibly disciplined with our capital investments.  We would have some carryover from the Mesabi Nugget project. Somewhere, between $10 to $20 million. Additionally, mining could be as much as $30 million. But we're not anticipating that much. And there could be some carryover from the second caster project at the Structural mill in the magnitude of maybe $10 million. The effective interest rate for the quarter was 40.7%. We're currently estimating the fourth quarter rate to be 41.5% but I caution you that could change as pretax earnings have a significant impact on that rate during an environment like we're currently in.  We have our income tax receivable of $93 million. We expect to receive $18 million of that in cash refunds during the fourth quarter of 2009. However, the remaining $45 million, we wouldn't expect to receive in cash refunds until sometime in 2010 after we file our 2009 tax returns. Gross interest expense was $40.5 million with an effective rate just over 7% and capitalized interest with $6 million. We're currently anticipating fourth quarter interest expense net of Cap I to be around $35 million and depreciation and amortization to be somewhere between $50 and $55 million. We currently have $215 million outstanding common shares. And our underlying converts are $16.4 million shares. And finally, I know many of you are interested in our Flat Roll division shipment as they are broken down by products. For the third quarter, our hot rolled shipments were 307,000 tons. Our pickle and the oil shipments were 46,000 tons. Our cold-rolled shipments were 40,000 tons, hot rolled galvanized, 100,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized, 58,000 tons. Painted steel, 81,000 tons, and Galvalume, 25,000 tons. Keith?  
Keith Busse: Theresa, are those numbers inclusive of the text? Or is that just (inaudible)? 
Theresa Wagler: Thats just the Flat Roll division. 
Keith Busse: (Inaudible). Thank you. I want to note, too, that the receivables could likely rise as price activity gains momentum into the fourth quarter but they won't rise due to volume. And they will not go up significantly.  The inventories are at a level that we're comfortable with now and shouldn't be increasing volumetrically but could go up slightly in the early part of the quarter and go down by the end of the quarter reflecting the atmosphere and the recycling arena to a large degree.  So, really don't see our working capital needs incurring assets changing all that significantly even as volume returns. So, with those formal remarks, Sara, we'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A piece of the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) First, we'll go to Timna Tanners of UBS. 
Timna Tanners - UBS: Yes, hi, good morning. 
Keith Busse: Good morning, Timna.  
Timna Tanners - UBS: Wanted to know if you could give us a little more insight into how your November, December order books look, specifically for hot rolls and I guess across product lines? 
Keith Busse: November hasn't been open all that long. It's building good momentum. I think the major component of strength in November remains value added where we have the best margins, hot rolled tends to be lagging as it has been, Timna, throughout the entire previous quarter.  But it's still steady activity in hot roll. Right now, we would believe that we can get through October certainly at capacity 100% run rate. Something very near that November. Although impacted by a day or two off at Thanksgiving and some project work perhaps here and there.  Especially down at Steel of West Virginia and as Theresa mentioned earlier, we are putting the bag house in at Roanoke.  So, the backlog right now is off slightly but not materially. And we think we'll get through November just fine. We really don't have an outlook, definitively going into December but believe we'll march through that month at a fairly high level of operating activity. We have our Christmas party during that period of time. And we have the Christmas season outages, etcetera, etcetera.  So, production and shipments could be off slightly in December, impacted by seasonality and other factors. Too soon to tell whether or not we'll have the ability to run at full capacity. But we think it's probably fairly near full capacity and in the month of December. And the merchant arena, I think as steady as you go in Roanoke as Dick said, I think clearly from our discussions with our general managers the other day, the lights getting brighter in the tunnel as regard to SPQ bars.  We probably won't see that activity until late in the quarter, early fourth quarter but activity in that arena, at least for Steel Dynamics is picking up at this point in time. As Dick said, Steel of West Virginia is increasing its product portfolio and doing much better than it had been in the past. And as I said earlier, Structural remains a pretty lousy market place but we're still keeping our head above water and generating a pretax income on a fully allocated basis.  That's a pretty amazing feature and operating rate is at about 30% of what we're capable of. As I said earlier, the health for Structural's probably isn't till next year. We're not forecasting a real strong next year but enough to keep our head above water next year as well. 
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay. So, just to follow-up on the Flat Roll side, we're starting to hear some reports of real weakness in December on the pricing side. Maybe, you know, you haven't seen December order book open yet. But I mean, does your forecast include any degradation maybe on the pricing side or maybe are you just looking at seasonal weakness and volumes? 
Keith Busse: I think as it relates to Flat Roll. 
Timna Tanners - UBS: Yes, sorry, flat-rolled. 
Keith Busse: Pricing activity and our momentum, let's say has lost its zest at this point in time. I think we're going to be reflecting our shipments in October and November. Be reflective of what was a few weeks ago, as opposed to what is.  There are some quotes out on the street today, you know at $0.26 plus full extras, $0.27 plus full extras kind of activity which is not an all end type 575, 580, 590 type number as in much of the industry was focused on. We never quite got to those levels or won't quite get to those levels on a shift basis.  Because we had searched for backups and backlog that would just not permit us to get there. Even though we marketed tons in that arena and at those dollars. But on an average, it's just not going to get there. And could be impacted as you suggest in December. But likewise, the margin should change a lot because a scrap being marshaled into the furnace during that period of time ought to be down $30, $40 as well. So, I think there is little margin impact there and maybe a volume impact as we were suggesting due to seasonality.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, thats really helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Now next from Michelle Applebaum Research, we'll go to Michelle Applebaum. 
Michelle Applebaum -: Hi. 
Michelle Applebaum Research: Hi. 
Keith Busse: Good morning, Michelle. 
Michelle Applebaum -: Good morning. Nice to see as optimistic or good news as you have. It's been a while. And I think we all deserve it. I wanted to ask you if you could talk about a little bit more strategic kind of stuff. I went to World Field Association last week in Beijing and the one thing I would notice this year compared to last year was there were so many more meetings between companies or there seemed to be people like going off together and I'm just wondering M&A was kind of frozen for awhile and do you get a sense that there is a thaw in that and if so, can you tell me what your thoughts are on where you guys might be on strategic kind of stuff? 
Michelle Applebaum Research: Good morning. Nice to see as optimistic or good news as you have. It's been a while. And I think we all deserve it. I wanted to ask you if you could talk about a little bit more strategic kind of stuff. I went to World Field Association last week in Beijing and the one thing I would notice this year compared to last year was there were so many more meetings between companies or there seemed to be people like going off together and I'm just wondering M&A was kind of frozen for awhile and do you get a sense that there is a thaw in that and if so, can you tell me what your thoughts are on where you guys might be on strategic kind of stuff? 
Keith Busse: Michelle, you know, I don't know that that isn't wishful thinking on the banker's part. There haven't been a lot of opportunities out there and I don't know that they're going to be a number of opportunities in the future at this point in time either.  A lot of speculation about what Severstal may be doing with some of their assets. None of us have really, other than chatter, have termed any of that. I don't want to speak for them. We have no major M&A activity on our horizon at this point in time. As we've said, in recycling, we're going to principally grow on a Greenfield basis; we'll have a tuck in here and there.  We're heavily focused on results and performance at Mesabi Nugget. Obviously, we've increased our capabilities at Pittsboro and Butler internally. And, at this time in time we're not looking at any M&A activity in that arena of any significance. 
Michelle Applebaum -: Do you think there's any chance that anything that's going on with any of your competitors, I don't want to single out Severstal, could result in facility closure kind of things in North America? You've talked about that before. 
Michelle Applebaum Research: Do you think there's any chance that anything that's going on with any of your competitors, I don't want to single out Severstal, could result in facility closure kind of things in North America? You've talked about that before. 
Keith Busse: Well, I think the real issue is more about how fast supplies return to the market and will supply overpower gradually increasing demand needs. That's probably the more red hot issue. I don't know that from an M&A perspective, I think that there have been some announcements in our peer group. People are shuttering capacity.  A lot of chatter about are they going to open it up or leave it shuttered. Both in flat-rolled and then shaped. So, I imagine there is some capacity that will be permanently idled in that regard. But I can't speculate about what the other fellow is going to do. 
Michelle Applebaum -: Okay. You have one of my favorite phrases. That I hadn't heard for awhile. Desperate acts of dying men. Remember that?  
Michelle Applebaum Research: Okay. You have one of my favorite phrases. That I hadn't heard for awhile. Desperate acts of dying men. Remember that?  
Keith Busse: I remember that well. 
Michelle Applebaum -: The cycle, have you seen that? And do you anticipate seeing that? 
Michelle Applebaum Research: The cycle, have you seen that? And do you anticipate seeing that? 
Keith Busse: I don't think I anticipate seeing that. I don't think we will see that. But producers protect and enjoy the cost compression that we and others are enjoying, will attempt to protect volume and at the expensive price.  Historically, that's been the way of the world. We'll continue to be and I think sometimes people believe that they're out in front leading and with price reductions and might garner some activity in the long run, at least in the short run.  We know that's short-lived but I don't see anybody panicking out there. I think prices have softened a little bit. Demand is probably slightly softer than it had been. I think most people's outlook for GDP broke is for peaking in Q3. With GDP growth in Q4 being down 33%. If you look at statistically, perhaps something north of 3 in Q3 and something around 2 or north of 2 in Q4.  And a lot of people think we're not going to have anything much over 1% to 2% next year. So, if GDP growth is indeed slowing, then I think demand activity has the potential to slow as well. But this has been one of those recessionary environments where, as whether we're in a W or an L, it has been ever so slow to recover.  But I think it will continue to recover ever so slightly. There will be positive momentum. I think the destocking activities were severe. I think just about everybody overshot the runway and needed to rebuild those inventories and right at a critical time when that pipe was filling, along came cash for clunkers and probably emptied the pipe and so the pipe is still filling.  I can't tell you whether or not we're at the bottom of destocking and construction products (inaudible) planned specifically. We may not have reached the bottom yet but I think certainly, if we haven't, we will. As I said earlier between reaching the bottom and some stimulus activity on the drawing boards throughout the winter, maybe becoming a reality in spring, you could see some increased momentum there. But I don't think there is any panic out there. I think there are no imports are not a threat at this point in time.  And Flat Roll, I think a realistic threat it means. I think there had been some activity. The market place responded to that activity. I don't think it is out there right now. 
Michelle Applebaum -: That's terrific. Thank you. Compliments on the new conservativism you know. It has been a couple of quarters now and I love it. So, thanks. 
Michelle Applebaum Research: That's terrific. Thank you. Compliments on the new conservativism you know. It has been a couple of quarters now and I love it. So, thanks. 
Keith Busse: You're welcome. 
Operator: From KeyBanc Capital Markets, we'll move next to Mark Parr. 
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, Keith, good morning. 
Keith Busse: Good morning, Mark. 
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  I had a couple of questions and thanks for all the color, by the way. We really appreciate it. Could you talk a little bit, Omni's terrific recovery in the third quarter compares to a period of time where you were doing a lot on the cost side and kind of refocusing the culture, more in line with Steel Dynamics and how do you feel about the profitability in OmniSource in the third quarter. Is that normalized or do you feel like there's more upside opportunity heading into next year. What can you give us as far as how you feel the profitability of Omni should unfold over the next say year or so?  
Keith Busse:  I think it was a good glimpse of the future. You must remember that Omni's operating rates were probably as good as anyone's in the industry. It's 75 or thereabout, 80% flow at a time when prices were rising, and that does have a very positive impact. And they were being positively impacted by all the cost cutting that they had done throughout the year.  So, it's a mixture of volume and terrific cost cutting efforts. I think Mark has a terrific team in place. I'll let him talk about that. But I think you should go forward if we can reach 90% flow activity in a "healthy market". I think there's earnings beyond the operating level of $50 million are certainly achievable on a quarterly basis.  But in periods where momentum is slowing, like it is now and prices are declining and you're delivering last month's goods which were purchased at a higher price to your clients, this month, I mean, there is a compression until you've reached that bottom and stay there and if you stayed there forever, the margins would return very healthfully, especially with volume.  So, is there more juice in there in a healthy market? And 100% type volume? Absolutely. I think you can deliver better earnings than $50 million in operating but Mark, why don't you attempt to answer that question as well.  
Mark Millet:  Well, I think you have done a pretty good job. Obviously, Mark, I think it was an incredible performance given the market that we've seen in the last three months. Obviously when transaction values are appreciating, you get expansion of margin as chief of inventory flows through and we liquidated some of that in August and September. Well, if you compare that with the increase in transaction values compared to the markets over the last two, three, four years, it is pretty minimal.  So, I think it is phenomenal performance. I think Omni is with the teams reposition themselves. Streamlined obviously that the organization, we took a lot of cost out of the operating, the cost structure.  And both the non-ferrous and ferrous teams are poised to exploit great market conditions going forward. The other issue I would highlight is the one for the obsolete flows when you have strength pricing in the $200 to $250 range, the margin is somewhat slow.  But as transaction values pick up to 300 and 400 through the cycle possibly in the future, the gains are quite substantial, quite significant particularly on the Omni surface, tons or flow which tends to be predominantly obsolete shredded type grades.  
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Mark, do you think that given the seasonal situation that we're heading into here, do you think that the scrap yards will have a tendency to hold back some tons in November and maybe even December in anticipation to higher prices in the first quarter next year?  
Mark Millet :  For sure. I think as the price falls, people are going to as they've done historically; they're just going to accumulate. Their bank accounts, they've had a reasonable good year. They had a great year in 2008. This year has been a reasonably profitable year for some of the smaller yards. It is the bank account. 
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: You're seeing a normal kind of activity then by the scrap yards at the present time.  
Keith Busse: Yeah. Mark, this is Keith. I would think there would be a tendency as well for them to lay material down if they don't like the price. Although, last month, a couple of dealers that actually did like the price said just we're not going to sell at these levels as the bulk started to wind down and the buying activity started to wind down and they realized that November could be even weaker, guess what, came back to the table. So, it's their perception of the future.  
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.  
Keith Busse: And if they perceive December is going to be weaker, they may sell tons in November. If they perceive that December and January are stronger, they may hold some tons in November.  
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. All right.  
Keith Busse: Either way, we're in good shape.  
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. Just one last question if I could. The start-up cost at Mesabi, could you give us some color around how much that might be as far as the impact for the quarter?  
Theresa Wagler: Yeah, certainly, Mark. We expect it to be somewhere around $6 million during the fourth quarter. 
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And is that, would that be a peak level of start-up at cost activity or you save it in the first half of 2010, would you look for that number to pick up some before it starts rolling over? 
Theresa Wagler : I think you'll see an increase in the first quarter of 2010 somewhat. 
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, Theresa. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Kramer of UBS. 
Jeff Kramer - UBS: Hey, good morning, everyone. 
Richard Teets: Hi, Jeff. 
Jeff Kramer - UBS: Just wanted to touch on kind of where you see the stimulus right now and also vise-a-vis Rail demand. Is that, is Rail really waiting on stimulus as well? And I guess at some point in time, tons you expect to ramp up to? 
Richard Teets:  I don't think Rail is waiting on stimulus in terms of replacement Rail at all. I think in terms of high-speed networks that are planned for the future, that have to do with (inaudible) projects or mostly (inaudible) projects, I think that activity may be yet to unfold. Yes, I would tell you that the Rail market is probably off 10% to 15% due to maintenance pullbacks and so forth but nothing more than that.  And actually, the United States is off may be higher percentage than most of the other countries. Europe is seeing a pretty steady rail market. But as Keith said, the high-speed rails will be down the road. It is about I saw a recent study that said if you're really going to put in high-speed rail applications, it is about a billion dollars a mile. So, when you look at how many billions of dollars. It was $900 and some million when you're really doing all of the grades. Not improvements of existing tracks but if you were doing Greenfield,rail traffic, that takes, you can imagine how many months and years of studies and environmentals, land procurements and so forth. That rail is in the pipeline. 
Keith Busse: Jeff, I think the other part of your question had to do with cash for clunkers and I think that's been an over baked activity. Yes, did it have some impact? It did but much too much is being written about it. I think what it did as I said earlier, we're in the process of refilling a pipeline that was empty, you can't shut automotive assembly plants down for ten weeks as many as we did with G.M. and Chrysler. And with that shuttering, believe there's still steel in the system ready waiting on a new dawn or a new day.  I think when they hit the go button and ask for X number of vendors, the suppliers just didn't have the metal. And so, a lot of the activity was refilling the pipe. I think what clunkers did is the pipe was starting to fill. It started to drain it more rapidly. But that's gone by the wayside. I think clunkers was probably only about 20%. Gary researched it, of automotive activity during that two-month period of time. So, I think it had an effect on drawing back down stocks which was still in the process of rebuilding. But I think much too much has been written about that. 
Jeff Kramer - UBS:  Okay. Do you expect on the auto front to remain pretty strong going into the first quarter of next year?
Keith Busse:  Well, this is generally the weaker quarter. But the pipe isn't full. And I think there's going to be better than normal seasonal activity in the fourth quarter. Hopefully there will be more momentum in 2010 but you know, no one's writing about it. Everybody is talking about 10, 10.5, 11 million units to build next year. Even though we may not have an opportunity because of the size and weight of cars to get back to 15 million units, or we may not have an opportunity to get back there because units are lasting longer. We're doing a better job of building better cars.  Its 11 units, it is still 11 million units is still a long way from 14 or 15 million units. So, we're gaining on it. I hope conservatism, I think its conservative forecast, I think we are conservative and hopefully we will enjoy 12 or 13 next year before the dust settles but none of us know that. 
Jeff Kramer - UBS: Okay. And do you think you've gained share here? Given where operating rates are and this whole going forward and within the auto space or generally in collateral?  
Keith Busse: Clearly, we gained some share. Question is can we hold the share? Will customers return to other supply-based activity? You can't be sure about those things. I wouldn't trade our position for anyone. Our inventories are low. They're inexpensive by comparison to a year ago. And we're probably from a cost compression, cost control perspective as combat ready as we've ever been. And so I think we can play well in this environment. And I don't think the ups and downs of scraps going up 20 or down 20, really, it cycles through. There may be timing differences but the margins probably aren't going to change a lot. 
Jeff Kramer - UBS: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go next to Oppenheimer & Company's Chris Daugherty. 
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer & Company: Good morning. I just wanted to open up on a couple of things in more detail. Theresa, can you give us the DNA breakdown by segment? Did it seem like the DNA came down this quarter? 
Theresa Wagler : By segment, I actually don't have that by segment. If you look at our quarterly filings with our 10-Qs, you'll see it by segment. I just don't have that with me. 
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer & Company: And then, Keith just talk about where we stand in terms of profit sharing? I think it was about $400,000 this quarter. Is that where it's going to stay for the year? Does that assume Q4 results or could that go up given that you now expect the full year to be positive? 
Keith Busse: Thats going to go up. Therell be more profit sharing booked in the fourth quarter. 
Theresa Wagler: We don't book the profit sharing in anticipation. Its actually as we have results, we book those results. So, Keiths you wont see an increase in the fourth quarter. 
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer & Company: And then, Theresa, just one last thing in terms of the timing of the registration for the (inaudible) quarter. I know that you know filed a registration there with that, but when do you expect that to go effective? 
Theresa Wagler: We expect that to happen within the next couple of weeks. 
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer & Company: That's it. Thank you. 
Operator: Sal Tharani of Goldman Sachs has a next question. 
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Hi, Keith, how are you? 
Keith Busse: Great, Sal. 
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Wanted to ask you about the scrap inventories both at the mill divisions and at the actual scrap yard, how is that right now? 
Keith Busse: The inventories are generally three weeks to a month just on an average scrap in all of the Steel divisions. I think. Well let Mark speak to it. I think his inventories are probably down a little bit. Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Millett: Yes, the odds are about two weeks, two and a half weeks of shipments currently, Sal, which is [iron] as I said earlier, we liquidated inventory in August and September, recognizing that the market itself may wanted to take some building value off the table.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay. On downside, Gary you mentioned the competition where some people are pricing it below costs. Is this something new or it has happened prior to that, something you have been seeing in the past also?
Gary Heasley : No, that's new. In the last few months we've seen a much more aggressive pricing stance by a couple of competitors.
Mark Millett: Sal, the statement that we believe competition is pricing below costs, should not be relied on. We don't know what our competitors' costs are. We can only suspect. We think we're below cost producer in fabrication and that arena and we certainly know some of the quotes we saw out there. We couldn't, from a cost perspective, make any money on it. We couldn't get to those kind of numbers and make money. So therefore, believing we are the most efficient, I guess we have to believe that our competitors [sign] below cost, but for us to make a statement like that is should and sort of, we need to clarify that. We cant
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: I understand. But you are the lowest cost; I mean you are very low cost producer so you probably have a better idea of what the costs are out there.
Gary Heasley: Let me put it to you this way. We're seeing joist priced at the market price for the steel inputs, the raw material inputs for joist.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Gary Heasley: So, that's how we concluded that they may be pricing without regard to the conversion cost of producing joist, but Keith is right. There may be other factors like sourcing supply of materials or other things that affect their costs that we don't see.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Got you. Keith, do you think that you might see something like that on the Flat Roll side also as we have a lot of capacity coming in as integrators are ramping up. You may see that there might be some disruptive players doing so in the Flat Roll particularly. 
Keith Busse : I think there is some legitimate worry out there that we may have cranked up too much capacity too soon. There is a big difference between what the steady state level of demand in our society realistically is and what your operating rate is at any moment in time as you're trying to refill the pipe and I think all that euphoria in Q3, a lot of that was pipe filling. I think we're down on a more steady state kind of run rate. We still seeing some excellent input activity, order entry activity that we are all, I think maybe we've just all become a little skittish and worry a little more these days. We just wonder whether or not thats sustainable given the capacity that's come online. I hope that it is.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: And lastly, on the Structural business, just wanted to get your feel on, Structural prices came down $30 following the scrap price decline, but for you, scrap price may go up. Do you think you might be hardly banking even in the fourth quarter on the Structural this time?
Keith Busse: Repeat the last part of the question.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Well, do you think you will be hardly breaking even or you may even have slightly negative earnings in just for the quarter in the Structural division because scrap is going against you? At least the scrap youre flowing into the P&L.
Keith Busse: I think we commented and I'll get to Structural. We commented that recycling earnings will be down in the quarter. I think scrap will, on a delivery basis, will be cheaper than it was on a delivered basis in October we don't know the extent of that. Clearly, there has been some impact from pricing activity in the Structural arena that has been related to the import issue, but I think everyone allows them at this point in time. I don't see any import pressure there and I don't know that the prices are going to go down a lot. But profit goes down somewhat in Q4. But, so will scrap. So, the question is can you maintain a pretax income? Is a good question and it's a close call. It is hovering around zero.
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Last thing, on Mesabi Nugget, while you're opening it up, are you holding off on your purchases of pig iron or are you still buying just in case these delay in the Mesabi Nugget commissioning? 
Keith Busse: Repeat that? 
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: On your Mesabi Nugget project is coming along early next year. You generally buy pig iron few months ahead of the time. And I was wondering if you're holding off on pig iron purchases, are you being careful in buying it, so you don't have too much pig iron and Mesabi Nuggets at the same time?
Keith Busse: Right, we're not buying any pig iron. Currently we have adequate stocks of pig iron and are very hopeful that they ramp up, although you're not going to get to 100% of capacity overnight. That there will be a decent amount of volume come out of Mesabi early on that will put us in good shape. If the run rate continues, at a good pace of ramp up, and the product we're confident is going to be of high quality, there is no need to go searching for pig iron.
Mark Millet: Yes to solve the that the consistency that they have been times up and the team has up its Iron Dynamics. We need quite a small amount of imported pig iron to add to that mix currently. And so, the inventory we do have will last quite some time. 
Sal Tharani - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Longbow Research, we'll go to Luke Folta.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research:  Hi, guys. Couple of questions quickly on recycling. Just firstly, to the extent that there was any cycle inventory gains or gains relating to hedging in the quarter. Can you quantify that for us?
Theresa Wagler:  Certainly from a net hedging perspective, we actually lost out just about $500,000 during the quarter. And they really were no means for lower cost or market adjustments if that was your second part of your question.  
Luke Folta - Longbow Research:  Okay. And then secondly, can you break out for us what the percentage of your scrap shipments for prime versus obsolete and how that changed versus last quarter.
Keith Busse: I don't think we have that data with us. I don't know that we accumulate it that way.  
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay. I guess I was just trying to understand there's been a lot of integrated facilities that have restarted recently and I'm just trying to get a feel for what the impact, the positive impact for you might be either in 3Q or you can further in 4Q. 
Keith Busse: You must remember the integrated buyers don't just buy bundles anymore. They buy some busheling product, they buy bundles, they buy shredded and some of being throw heavy meld in there. So, the practices of two decades ago are gone. It is more of a mix for them which probably better aligns with the flow mix that all of us experience. So, I don't know that you're going to see these big up and down monstrous pressures on bundles because the mills were out of bundles and need bundles.  I think there is more of a balanced inventory of products going into there be less today and than there has ever been historically.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just finally, just regarding the export market. Have you been able to take advantage of some of the strength there over the summer and what's your outlook there going forward?
Keith Busse: Well, we're not exporters. We're landlocked generally speaking. Mark exports some non-ferrous material to China. We don't export any ferrous material on the steel side. We're not exporting any material with the exception of product coming out of Pittsboro building activity. We have some steady state business overseas there. That's about the limit on our exports. It's too expensive in terms of Flat Roll to get the product to the coast. 
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: I guess I was more talking scrap like out of your Recycle South facilities there in the southeast. 
Keith Busse: Now, that's mostly nonferrous and (inaudible) things like it. Yes, they have exported some cargoes of shredded but it is not.  
Mark Millet: It's been very incremental from the ferrous side.
Luke Folta - Longbow Research: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator:  From Dahlman Rose, we'll hear from Tony Rizzuto.
Tony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose: Thank you very much. Hi, folks. Got a couple of questions. My first question, Keith, is you've talked quite a bit about the prospects for construction and automotive and rail. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about that some of the other end markets you serve like the mining industry, energy and AG and what you see there. And then I've got a follow-up question, too.
Keith Busse: I think when you talk about heavy equipment manufacturers. That's a little bit brighter picture, flat to a little bit brighter for some yellow iron. I think AG products; I could just kind of study as you go in most of our markets. We have done a better job of penetrating appliance. And have a little bit of wind in our sail momentum there than we have historically. But as we've said earlier, a lot of our products go to service centers and then we don't know where they go after that in all cases.  So, it is kind of a difficult read for us. Clearly, activity in flat-rolled through our partner Heidtman into the automotive arena has picked up nicely. And we're enjoying some brisk business on certain platforms with Chrysler and Ford there. And we're kind of grateful for it and well positioned in that arena. 
Tony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose: You guys are breaking up a little bit. I don't know if anyone else was affected by that. But I think I heard you say a lot of the product, it's hard to tell where the end markets it ultimately goes but a lot of it does go through service centers. But those other markets sound to be a little more healthy, little bit more stable. 
Keith Busse: I would say that's a fair statement. 
Tony Rizzuto - Dahlman Rose: All right. And the follow-up question I have is if the economic conditions should falter, Keith. Do you think that the industry in general will continue to have the resolve the flex production or were there lessons learned here that might cause some players maybe to not be as flexible the way come to market?
Keith Busse: I can't speak for everybody else. We generally attempt to run our facilities as close to capacity as we can. And push very hard to do that. Sometimes it's just not activity out there and you can't have resilient order
(Abrupt End):

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer - Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer - OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President; Theresa Wagler, Chief Financial Officer, Fred Warner, Manager of Investor Relations. For opening remarks I will now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead sir.
Fred Warner: Good morning and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast today July 23, 2009 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. A replay of this call can heard and downloaded at the -- from our website later at www.steeldynamics.com. Today's management discussion may include various forward-looking statements. All statements regarding anticipated future results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements [Technical Difficulty] historical facts are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect or other conditional words and are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future results and events may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that we make today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, governmental monetary or fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand for our products, foreign imports conditions in the credit market, price and availability of scrap and another raw materials, litigation outcomes and equipment failures. You may see -- you may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to the forward-looking statements in risk factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission as well as in other reports we file from time-to-time with the Commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website and on our website steeldynamics.com. After today's management discussion, we'll open the call for questions from participants, who have informed us that if they may wish to ask questions we will begin today's call now with introductory remarks by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us this morning and giving us an opportunity to give you our business results update. I'm sure you all of you have read the press release. Our loss per share was $0.0.8 during the quarter, which is about $0.02 better than the bottom side of what we had indicated, due largely to the fact that we had we had income tax credits that the changed the income tax rate and benefited the company. Net losses for the second quarter monetarily was $16 million compared to net losses of $88 million in the first quarter. A significant difference. But when you compare it to the first quarter and when you compare it to the second quarter of 2008, a significant decline. As you as all of you know, during the quarter we redid our credit arrangements with banks and issued some equity and I won't go through that in detail, but only say that the weighted average increase of shares outstanding was offset by certain unrelated transaction expenses of approximately $3.5 million. Net sales of the quarter were 792 million, 3% lower than net sales of 815 million in the first quarter of 2009. I think this obviously speaks to pricing and not to volume. Volume was actually up, but pricing continued to deteriorate late first quarter and early first quarter, thus yielding these results. The few shipments in the quarter were 886,000 tons, better than the first quarter 700,000 approximate tons shipped. The SDI's average steel selling price for the second quarter declined $126 a ton and the average scrap cost declined $79 per ton. So, you'd wonder why you would have better results when you we're seemingly losing margin and I think this will again speaks to both to volume and speaks to the enormous cost control initiatives implemented by the company and its employees. I think its also important to note that the company's steel operations significant, the steel operations produced an operating profit of $36 million, but also had a pretax operating income as well during the quarter. So the shining star was Flat Roll, and Structural and Rail results lagged behind, and that in Structural and Rail arena we only shipped about 25% of our current capacity underlined the word or underscored current. I think these results, they came very close to a pretax profit, but fell just short, and I think a lot of that had to do with much of the experimentation during the quarter and perfecting the art of producing rail blooms and rolling successful rail blooms. We had some quality issues, and had some write-offs that we had to within that quarter. Had we not had them we would've achieved pretax income as well even at 25% of our capacity. And we are very pleased as we said in the report to report that on OmniSource generated operating income for the quarter May and June offsetting April losses. They not only had an operating profit, the segment had an operating profit, Omni specifically had an operating profit; and kudos to Mark's team because they actually have a small pretax income in the quarter as well. Something we didn't believe early in the quarter that we could achieve but I think again its team has done this job and had very positive results during the quarter. Scrap result, you know went up last month anywhere from 40 to $70 depending on what we were dealing with obsolete grades or prime grades and had an increase in the month before as well. Mark and I may or may not follow (ph) the trends that may have been talked about it. My take on where we're going from here and we all have short windows of visibility is that scrap is likely to grow sideways for the delivery in the month of August. It could actually be down slightly in the month of August. Where it's going to go after that really depends to a large extent on business conditions, flows are improving as we said in the report, we believe OmniSource will be profitable for the full year. Our fabricating operations the New Millennium Building Systems as I said continues to face very stiff headwinds as the non-residential building construction market remains very weak. And in fabrication we basically broke even during the quarter. Talking a little bit business conditions and backlogs, we still see order entry being very strong in Flat roll. We're now moving into the month of September and about ready to -- we have orders for September. They're officially off of the books and we're about to do that. But strong flows, strong order entry remains in the Flat roll segment of our business and has not abated at this point in time. We've seen just marginal improvement in structural, not meaningful but a better trend line but not meaningful volume. Setting (ph) in small shapes at Roanoke, have improved. And we believe the operating rate at Roanoke may well approach 70% during the quarter. We're hopeful that it will. Business conditions in steel West Virginia have recently improved and they should operate little stronger in the third quarter than they perhaps did in the first and second quarter this year. And I think Tim and his team done a very good job in the face very adverse conditions that exist in their marketplace. As with regards, construction about steels, we've had marginal improvement there but would suggest that the SP2 division will probably remain in the 50s for an operating rate or in that area, that it will not achieve a higher operating rate in the third quarter. As we noted with Flat Roll, with strong hope we are running at near capacity and plan to do so in the foreseeable future. So we see, being able to maintain fairly flow operating rate in July, August and we believe all of our entry will remain fairly strong for the remainder of this quarter at least and should produce some fairly significant results there. Our mills are in terrific shape. Our recycling yards are in great shape and our fabricating operations are also in good shape. All of them are ready for any surge in business activity when they come. While we believe that Flat Roll, the business conditions will remain healthy in the near term, we have only seen that as we set margin improvement in long products and we have yet to see any real signs of improvement in the construction, and the marketplace. Based on our view finder at this point of time or our view of the world at this point in time, we suggested that in the third quarter, our earnings and earnings not losses really good to say that again; we've had a couple of bad quarters really related a lot mark-to-market revaluation of inventories, business conditions, low volumes, low selling values. I think we have hit the bottom and we are going to start to rebound in almost every segment. Even though the long products segment may remain weaker for certain time, tied to construction environment, but I do think that we've reached bottom of destocking and we're in a period where the -- specially in the automotive mainly where I think we suggest that the fixed inventories in General Motors and Chrysler weakened substantially, and they're in the process of rebuilding that pipeline, service centers are in the process of climbing off the bottom that they may have -- their inventories may have dipped too far inline of slightly improved business conditions. So I think from a service center perspective I believe that they will now order steel at the same rate that they're going to consume it and or ship it, which would be at better operating rates for the industry in general just based on that result alone. As I said I think our range in the third quarter we expect earnings in the range $0.10 to $0.20 for quarter. I do not look for this number to deteriorate, as we update guidance in September and it could slightly improve. With that brief report and concise report, I'd now like to turn this over to Theresa Wagler, give her an opportunity to speak to other elements of our financial results as she does each in each and every quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you Keith. Good morning everyone. I'd like to talk just a little bit about the enhancement that we made to the capital structure in June, through the joint insurance of common stock and convertible notes. We issued 31,050,000 of common stock at a public offering price of $13.15. And we issued convertible securities at 508% due 2014, of 287.5 million. The conversion premium was 30% and the underlying shares are attributed to that offering are just a little bit under 16.4 million shares. And that proceeds raised were just over 675 million of which we used 550 million to prepay our term loan and we also reduced our revolver during the quarter by 117 million through the excess net proceeds. In connection with that as Keith mentioned earlier we had additional expense in the quarter of about $3.5 million related to write-off of financing cost and the unwind of an interest rate swap. In addition during June, we amended our senior secured credit agreement to offer greater financial covenant flexibility, for not only to reminder of 2009 but actually throughout 2010. Our total debt leverage covenant was actually suspended through December 31, of 2010 and in this place we instituted a first lean leverage. Now the maximum amount on that is 2.5 times and then it steps up actually to three times at December 2010. At the end of the second quarter that calculation was 0.28 times. And way you should consider that is the revolver is our first lean outstanding balances plus about 25 to 30 million of LC's and other secured debt. We also modified our interest coverage financial covenant. It was two times, now it's 1.25 times and -- that upto 2.25 times. And in addition we engaged the borrowing base attached to revolver. It's 85% of our accounts receivable and 65% of our inventory. At the end of June that would have allowed for about $773 million worth of the borrowing on our $874 million revolver. During the quarter, we reduced our debt by $370 million and we improved our debt to equity capitalization from 62% at the end of the first quarter to now 53% and we expect that to improve throughout the remainder of 2009. We also improved our liquidity to just over $650 million and now our debt maturities are actually just few million dollars a year until 2012 at which point our revolver will be resilient (ph) and we'll have 700 million of senior notes become due. We have 215 million outstanding shares at the end of the quarter and from a working capital perspective we reduced working capital to $33 million during the quarter. Trade receivables remain relatively flat, approximately 92% are current or less than 60 days past due. And our inventories decreased 95 million. That 95 million was predominately between finished goods at our steel operations. And at our steel operations. And the scrap was mostly related to volume, volume reductions and most significantly at the Flat roll mill due to the increased production. Capital that we invested during the quarter was about $73 million and over 73% of that was related to our project in Minnesota for the nugget manufacturing facility. For the remainder of 2009 we expect to spend between 150 and $175 million in additional capital expenditures. Over 70% of that -- or about 100 million of that would be anticipated to be used at the Minnesota project for the both completion of the nugget plant and the continuation of mining facilities. The effective tax rate as Keith mentioned earlier did change during the quarter. It was 48.4%. On a go-forward basis we expect it to be 41.3% and that was related to lower earnings and the fact that we actually have to provide FIN-48 or what we call uncertain tax exposures for the year. We also had $126 million federal and state income tax receivable. During the second half of 2009, we should have received about a 25 million of that back in cash and then the remainder would be reduction in expense or cash paid back to us during 2010 Interests rate on a gross basis was $42 million during the quarter, but you need to take into the consideration about 2 million of that was the write-off of the financing costs during the quarter and the effective interest rate was 6%. Capitalized interest on construction projects was 4.6 million and I would model anywhere between 35 and 40 million probably closer to 35 million on a quarterly basis for a net interest expense for the remainder of 2009, and if you're looking at depreciation and amortization I would model approximately 55 million per quarter And then finally on this comment, I know many of you track the Flat Roll shipment by product type. During the quarter we had hot roll shipments of 150,000 tones taken in oils of 42,000 tones, cold rolled of 45,000 tones, hot-roll galvanized at 78,000 tones cold-roll galvanized at 57,000 tones, painted products of 56,000 tones and Galvalume of 27,000 tones for a total of 450,000 -- 455,000tones tonnes of Flat Roll shipments. Keith.
Keith Busse: Theresa thank you for this excellent report. Dick over to you next and want you to talk about steel operations.
Richard Teets: Thank you Keith, good morning. Steel operations continues to improve our safety efforts that help go for the performances and above transportation department is down by five years without lost time and accident. Congratulations. Capital results gone over one year with no recordable and the tax also had a no recordable performance in the second quarter. Also Pittsboro has been another quarter well through the quarter. Approximate operating rates as Keith mentioned with the mills in the second quarter with Flat roll is 66% and as he mentioned are fully booked for August with a little bit over opening for some hot-bands but not much. And also the capacity is fully booked for August. The structural mill as I said is operating at 25% a little sign of improvement, SPQ and the merchants of Pittsboro was above 40% a little more than that and with certain product improvements describing oil media and so forth. And merchant borrows at real note 52 to 65% were holding steady. Actually our new bookings were that we've had since July 2008. And I know one month doesn't make it, but it's a positive sign. And also stimulus continues operative lower levels due to the pressed go-to-end markets, but is optimistic for the second half of the year. Like I said at Pittsboro, the new products especially that's now offering 20 new sizes. Less than two inches in rounds and still West Virginia has had large spreads to their product list. Of course half of projects go to explain little more about it's recent initiatives, few operations we continue to focus. Our priorities through safety, quality and cost reduction efforts at Columbia city. Oh I'm sorry about early of finished the last of the four that have been extended at the hype to further improve our productivity and efficiency. Columbia city work continues although slow with the steel debt going on the cash, along with the structure of the bill also is seen the structured steel and steel being fabricated at the Pittsboro chart building at facility. Pittsboro is upgraded to de-scaling systems for the enrolling now has being completed. (inaudible) all the support continues for the final hook up in the new house, last year steel West Virginia the installation in the new number rolling mill straight-rod is going well with completion scheduled for August. Finally I'd like to report that we negotiated a successful a new five year labor agreement in steel West Virginia, congratulation to everybody. And I'd like to thanks all our employees for the safe performance, of there jobs and positive attitude in these challenging times. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks Dick. Before we turn to Mark and the recycling segment of our business raw materials segment of business I'd like to mention as I said earlier we talked about excellent efforts that our employees have made in cost reduction. I might report to you that from headcount perspective based on shuttered operations and fabrications and the loss of people throughout the system for a variety of reasons, voluntary resignations and headcount reductions and a right sizing effort from a business, our employee count is a graph from -- in the fall last year perhaps is highest 6800, 6850 people down to 5800 people. So we have reduced the employee headcount throughout the system by about 1000 employees which is pretty significant and most of those reductions are probably going to be permanent. With that said I'll turn it over to Mark. I want to remind everyone that when we talk about that segment of our business OmniSource is the main operating unit within that segment, are in dynamics is producing on a regular basis as we've noted in every quarter and Mesabi Nugget makes up the third leg of that business unit that Mark's responsible for and he'll speak to where we are in the process of start up there. Mark please.
Mark Millett: Good morning. I too would like to applaud each and everyone of the OmniSource team to an absolutely phenomenal quarter, because I believe we will be the point one of the very few, if not the only one organization being posted operating earnings in this sector. This quarters 9 million operating profit was a stark contrast to the $6 million operating loss in the first quarter of this year, ferrous shipments increased 15% from 730,000 net tones, to 840,000 net tones quarter-on-quarter; driven principally by improved steel mill operating rates. Our of ferric business first gross margins improved as transaction process appreciated and lower cost inventory fell through the system. Nonferrous shipments dropped slightly from a 119 million pounds to 170 million pounds the drop of 20 million pounds in total shipments related principally to lower shipments from our superior aluminum business. Actually high and 11% increase in flows through the other non-ferrous businesses. And with strengthening market driven principally by demand from China, the nonferrous team executed extremely well and margins were substantially higher through the quarter. Our posted financial performance I believe was also driven by cost containment efforts expanded throughout the organization. Right sizing the organization was completely through the quarter with a reduction in the OmniSource organization 660 employees. That took us from about 3100 employees at the height of summer last year, than to roughly 2460 employees today. Quarterly operating expenses and $25 million a quarter in the beginning of the. As Keith addressed both the ferrous and nonferrous markets remain unpredictable, in ferrous both supply and demand dynamics continued to change. Obsolete flows are exhibiting the typical seasonal increase while industrial flow of primary scrap remains very weak as the domestic manufacturing base continues to flounder. If the lease startups and facilities prime flow should increase over the months ahead. Additionally although difficult to quantify the recent approval of cash for clunkers, that initiative should prove beneficial. Potentially improving supply demand that could be offset to some degree or all by greater the potential of the met. Steel mill utilization has been picking up with expectation of additional immigrated capacity coming on screen And although recent pricing levels of export demand, exports remained a wild card. So in aggregate, there appears to be no specific trend, any firm speculation of market directions are difficult I'll agree with Keith, that its got status closed to high ways to up little down, we don't see any strong direction at least in the near term. Nonferrous markets strictly difficult, strong presence of China in our markets has softened to some degree around a greater availability scraped, a higher flows rush particularly in copper and increase metal spreads, placing there is also has been increasing particularly in aluminum and metal. Positive note, I think for us in these tough times is the financial help and ability to provide excellent service is allowing us to capture more industrial cash that will increase our market share as the economy rebounded. The team there is also executing extremely well through tough times. Despite to that, only lower shipments, we ship the 46,000 tons in Q2 versus 62,000 tons in Q1 as principally due to belt of sheet mills reduced operating rate. The even despite that the financial performance improved from a loss of 3.9 million down to a loss of 3.4 million. I believe there seem to be incredible job, there's been some dramatic improvement in operating costs particularly in feedstock, atomization of feed materials and a dramatic boost in that reduction in our software which is quite on incredible. So now you look construction progress continues to do well as through the facility as a very, very well engineered plan it's the quality of installation is extremely good, and we are still on target for heat up for the factory of the November with nuggets following shortly thereafter in December. In conclusion I think the platform on the first resources and at recycling side is well positioned for the markets. Over to Keith.
Keith Busse: Thank you. Here to talk now is Gary.
Gary Heasley: Thank you. The team know a great job of pushing down costs and reducing exposure to high cost steel and what not. As between shipments 35,000 tons -- I'm sorry, shipments were 35,000 tones down to 53% in quarter two and 2008 and sales were 37 million down 6% at the impact of cost reductions and the pipe closures have offset at the decline in sales allowing generate a break even position for the quarter. In spite of dramatic decline in sales nationwide, cumulative maintained market share in a tough competitive environment, we're seeing shipments that's nationwide off about 70% in the peaks 2006 and '07. I would say efficient choice in with the joint steel plant in the country, and I think well positioned to compete for market share in the difficult market that we see today. As we look forward we see predictions for non-residential construction remaining weak throughout 2009 and into 2010. So the focus that Steel has had on cost reductions on being efficient and running plans will continue and I think we will continue to grow share using our cost position to achieve greater market position for the company. So in closing the teams have a done great job of, of course forcing that cost and maintaining customer service and look forward to more of that as we move forward. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks Gary. Karen I think we are ready for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Michelle Applebaum with Michelle Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum: Hi Good morning
Keith Busse: Morning
Michelle Applebaum: Nice to hear some good news for a change.
Keith Busse: Have some.
Michelle Applebaum: Yeah. Can you please -- two questions; the first question is accounting question, you had $0.06 gain on your hedging contract in the first quarter and I think you expected another one later this year, was there a similar $0.06 gain for the second quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Michelle the unrealized hedging gains specifically related to copper during the second quarter were about $12 million free cash.
Michelle Applebaum: Okay, and was there anything else unusual in the quarter that may not have made the press release?
Theresa Wagler: No, I guess wouldn't call that unusual later
Michelle Applebaum: You wouldn't?
Theresa Wagler: No
Michelle Applebaum: Will you have that again in the third and fourth quarters as well?
Theresa Wagler: Well again last year we had a 35 to $36 million I believe loss related to hedging. And so that will be recovered throughout the year so if we have...
Michelle Applebaum: Right
Theresa Wagler: 18 billion in the first quarter
Michelle Applebaum: Right
Theresa Wagler: Now we have 12 that
Michelle Applebaum: Right
Theresa Wagler: 1 million and you would expect to get that 4 or 5 million back some time throughout the second quarter.
Michelle Applebaum: Right, but when you did it -- when you had the charge in the fourth quarter it was in the first paragraph of the press release, but it wasn't in the press release in the first quarter and its not in the press release in the second quarter and so I am just trying to determine if this is an ongoing thing or is it unusual?
Keith Busse: It is Michelle. Its unwinding and...
Michelle Applebaum: Right, right.
Keith Busse: Its varying at ends, whether its ends into the third quarter or the fourth it will end this year.
Michelle Applebaum: Okay but it's a few pennies less, and then if we..
Keith Busse: You have to understand we bake all that into our projections.
Michelle Applebaum: Oh, right I know I won't take it out. Its very clear. I was just trying to find out the magnitude because if it wasn't in there and it would be next quarter then it would have a difference. Yeah I know that your guidance assumed that $0.06 gain, and I'm very aware about. Should we expect to see again in the fourth quarter another big charge the way we did last year first quarter?
Theresa Wagler: Michelle, hedging is actually a part of, how we try and mitigate the risk exposure we have our trap operations because they are commodity space. And so, its part of an ongoing operations. The reason there was a loss in the fourth quarter is because we had extended position, as our copper markets were falling very, very, very quickly as everyone is aware. So, we don't expect that no, but for subject to the volatility of the markets that we're trying to predict our cash in our margins versus just the sales dollar. I can't speak to that
Keith Busse: And then Mark and his team, actually they've revamped the way they look at hedging and I think have a better game plan going forward.
Michelle Applebaum: Okay, yeah Omni is not a -- given that it was prior, but before you bought it, not a company I have a lot of familiarity with and so I'm asking these questions, because its kind of new in your mix as the quarters fall out. So it's interesting. So you would expect less hedging, less of this kind of impact. And also in terms of the market you were in your comments and guidance you seemed more hedged than I would have expected in terms of the outlook for Flat Roll. Is that just a matter of having been shell-shocked by the whole market the last nine months or do you have reasons why you think the market may not hold up in the summer on the Flat Roll side, are you just been conservative?
Keith Busse: I think I said that we expect to operate at near capacity which will offset the lower operating rates we're experiencing in the long products field. So I think the earning there will deliver this significant difference from a $0.10 loss to as wide as $0.20 gain I think as I'd expect to see any deterioration of our forecast numbers when we update guidance may be could a little higher too early to predict that, but I think it's a pretty reasonable move from quarter-to-quarter.
Michelle Applebaum: Oh, yeah that's terrific I mean I'm excited to see the process. So listen, great job in a very rough environment and thanks for the accounting lesson Theresa I appreciate that, I don't have a lot of experience with hedging.
Keith Busse: Michelle
Michelle Applebaum: Yes.
Keith Busse: Just one comment on hedging, you also have to bear in mind a little the -- as you unwind the contracts you've got to look at the realize the gain or losses at the same time. And so in the second quarter although unrealized gain was 12 million as we unwind the contracts and you balance out everything, it was a realized loss of 10. So it actually impacted the bottom-line through the hedging, was a couple of million bucks. So you can't say -- you can't just conclude that the hedging alone improved our posture greatly.
Michelle Applebaum: We're going to have to finish this off line, where I get confused is that if you have this $0.12 in the fourth quarter that you told us to have add to your results then it would theoretically come out somewhere later on. So I expect to see balance here so, but we can finish it off line.
Keith Busse: That's fine.
Michelle Applebaum: Okay thanks
Keith Busse: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Folta with Longbow Research.
Luke Folta: Hi good morning guys
Keith Busse: Good morning
Luke Folta: Just a quick question on the Flat Roll side, it seems pretty obvious you guys are gaining share in this business. Do you think this is a function of your customer mix or is there some strategy you're employing in this business and do you think that's sustainable once the integrate capacity transplants back online over that couple of months?
Keith Busse: Well some of that Luke, could actually be related to our ability to amongst notice. And we hope that the color of our products continues to improve the product offerings that we offer to the marketplace continues to expand. So hopefully we have good service along with good quality. We are gaining market share -- we are intentioned to gaining market share. As to are we really or aren't we really, I don't really know. It's an assumption I think we all have to make at this point.
Luke Folta: Okay and then just on the recycling side, can you give us a little more color on your outlook as far as -- are you suggesting that the metal's recycling business as a whole be profitable in the second half?
Keith Busse: The metals well, the OmniSource component of that segment will be profitable in the second half as we suggested will be profitable for the year. The segment is different, the segment contains iron dynamics which will lose money throughout the year because of the low transfer values of that product in relation to it's cost structure. And that it supplies its products to SDI at market. And market isn't that brisk at this point in time. Mesabi Nugget is just start up operation and will continue to generate some losses throughout the remainder year. But Omni will not only be profitable in the second half it will be profitable for the year.
Luke Folta: All right, but .....
Keith Busse: This is our forecast.
Luke Folta: I will turn it over thanks.
Operator: Next we'll go to Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani: Good morning guys.
Keith Busse: Hey Sal.
Sal Tharani: Just wanted to first confirm the utilization rates at Butler. Are you using the new utilization -- new capacity of 3 million or is it at 2.8, 2.7 and also at Columbia, are you adding the new capacity which you brought in last year in your utilization rate numbers?
Keith Busse: I don't know what BIPs using, I think we're on the same -- we're using something very close to 3 million.
Richard Teets: Yeah right.
Sal Tharani: Okay.
Keith Busse: At Columbia city it's -- I think we're measuring at this year against a million and a half. We're not going to get -- not going to see a lot of progress on the medium section without an order book. So its -- we've set our capabilities there we'd probably be given the lack of practice stability to adapt on all products. Because of a lack of demand for those types of products in general. We felt the fair number would be a million and a half tons, increasing into and perhaps next year will this modify million because I think we are becoming rather accomplished at this point in time. And therefore 1.8 million might be a good number for next year but before using a million and half for sure.
Sal Tharani: Okay thanks and you said that I believe you have said in the press release that you were actually profitable at the beam business even at 25% utilization rate?
Keith Busse: At the operating level, yes.
Sal Tharani: Okay
Keith Busse: We were just having pre tax income by a little bit but we expect in the third quarter it could be profitable not only through operating perspective but even from a pre tax perspective at very low operating rates.
Sal Tharani: Here's a just a little color if your operating rates double I mean that would be a huge profitability in this business because being profitable at 25% is really incredible?
Keith Busse: It would have a significant positive impact.
Sal Tharani: Okay.
Keith Busse: I'll stay away from the word huge.
Sal Tharani: Okay a couple of more things on share count, can you give us idea what kind of share count to use at the if all of them will be included this time all 31 million?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. It will be Sal. The way to look at it is it will be -- the out is about 250 and that includes the 31 million. So you would use that one third quarter. And then in addition if we're -- because we anticipate making money you now need to look at the dilution factor of the stock options and the convertible notes as well.
Sal Tharani: And your $0.10 to $0.20 includes all kinds of these options in there?
Theresa Wagler: That's correct.
Sal Tharani: So, it means that you on operating level its going to be even much better than the EPS reversal from minus 10 to plus 10-20, since the average dilution of 12 to 15% in the EPS line?
Keith Busse: We have a dilution from the converts that we'll have to recognize as Theresa said in the third quarter given a profit for third quarter. But I think if we were on the same wavelength there Sal.
Sal Tharani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next will go to UBS's Timna Tanners.
Timna Tanners: Hi Good morning.
Keith Busse: Morning.
Timna Tanners: You've been very through so just a couple questions really if you could remind us what you think your exposure is to auto industry roughly and specifically on SPQ wondering why such a muted outlook give the exposure generally to auto industry?
Keith Busse: I don't think an SPQ we're all that exposed for the auto industry. We're more exposed to heavy construction markets like Caterpillar and John Deer and forging markets and things of that nature. Obviously being able to run smaller sizes with any kind of great success, would give us more exposure to the automobile and truck community but I doubt. I don't think it's that significant of exposure for us at this point of time. The other part of your question Timna was...?
Timna Tanners: Oh just overall auto exposure with the entire company.
Keith Busse: I don't think its -- its changed a lot. There's obviously little to no exposure, no exposure would be the correct term for most long products other than SPQ. And in Flat Roll we always said that we -- its hard to tell because we sell a lot of our products service center community and not a lot to OEM's but we've always said we believe considering the truck marketplace.
Timna Tanners: Right.
Keith Busse: As well as the car market place to collectively work probably somewhere between who knows 20 and 30% I mean its just a guess may be the high 20's.
Timna Tanners: Overall
Keith Busse: And that should be approving -- I think all of the suppliers have started to see better order entry because the pipelines emptied out to a great degree, a lot of that business activity is probably covered by the new domestics or the transplants but I think Chrysler and General Motors do make some very fine products that are fairly heavy in demand and therefore we should be rewarded and we have good positions in that arena. So I know John's order book at and steel is picking up and he's largely tied automotive and that should at the same time help SDI.
Timna Tanners: Okay, so just to clarify high 20% is overall company or just within Flat Rolls ?
Keith Busse: Just within Flat Rolls.
Timna Tanners: Got you. Okay and then the other question I want to ask was actually running full out to me it seems to indicate a lot confidence in the Flat Roll market and I was wondering it seems like there was some comments that indicated it was more than just end of destocking or restocking? Can you talk about the underlying demand evidence that you are seeing that gives you the confidence in the Flat Roll space please?
Keith Busse: Timna it just really order entry, we're riding against the book of business that we've haven't seen for a long time and so I said we think a lot of that is destocking related, refilling pipelines and other arenas in addition to the automobile community. But right now we're out into September, we haven't even opened the books for September we've a backlog of business specially in value added, that will go into September and with the expected order entry a positive, a pick-up in our record. And we think our Flat Roll will probably fill rather rapidly as well. So we're just forecasting our run rate against our backlog. Its all full demand in July August September and we have good deal capability we'll run it -- we'll deliver it I can't see out as far as October.
Timna Tanners: Got that okay
Keith Busse: So, we are not trying to forecast that it's going to fall into the EBIT of the fourth quarter. But I don't know that is that the rest of the of the sectors beyond automobiles, beyond the automobile deal we'll continue to pick up all that strongly. In this part of that book, you ask how much just depended in the Flat Roll and Flat Roll business. How much of it is automotive related we said iconic, remember about 30% of it is construction related as well. And that marketplace is really in attack (ph) and until we see some moment there, till we give some more confidence. It's hard to predict that the degree in we can maintain this kind of strength in Flat Roll.
Timna Tanners: Fine. And then finally any evidence of infrastructure stimulus demand in any of your products?
Keith Busse: No evidence in that but to tag onto Mark's comment about cash and clunkers. I do think whether we believe it's a one time or one year or a two year event I think will probably move a few more automobiles and I think that's probably a good thing because as Chrysler and General Motors go back to work the natural tendency when the pipe is empty is to build more cars that are actually been consumed. And the cash and clunkers could modify that equation and hopefully the two could be in a better balance. Because you'd hate to see a situation where the pipe fills up by October, November and the third shift gets laid off again so to speak. But I think cash and clunkers might be short term helpful for everyone.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes Charles Bradford with Affiliated Research Group.
Charles Bradford: Good morning.
Keith Busse: Hi Chuck.
Charles Bradford: Couple of questions, first of all what's the status of the mining permits that you need up in Minnesota?
Keith Busse: Mark?
Mark Millett: The ongoing Chuck, the we were anticipating I think getting a permit at the end of this year, first quarter or next year I would imagine of that is going to get delayed a little bit but again it's ongoing.
Charles Bradford: If you were to get those permits by early next year could you have the mines going by the end of next year?
Mark Millett: We can have the mine going approximately 10 months probably after we get the permit -- 10 to 12 months.
Charles Bradford: Okay thank you. Another question, on metalla (ph) you talked about how you scrap cost keeping down $79 a ton which is a lot more then one of your competitors just reported. But you didn't give a figure on what your cost of usage was. Would it be fair to say it's closer to $200?
Keith Busse: Below that, Chuck can't we don't give out a specific number but it was below that.
Charles Bradford: Below that. Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Next we'll go to Mark Parr of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr: Hey thanks. I am still am at same place its KeyBanc. Good morning everybody.
Keith Busse: Good morning Mark.
Mark Parr: I'm not sure where that one came from. Keith, I wanted to follow on to some of the conversation that Chuck had. Could you give us and update on our concentrate contract for Mesabi and what sort of cost differential you might be looking at in the next year because of the changing metallic marketplace ?
Richard Teets: Well for the first couple of years Mark we have anticipated also hedged up That perhaps that mind wouldn't come up right on time so we have got the contract and those contracts are mix. We had some old QCM with some contract any more. We had some QCM constraint delivered, last year's pricing, and we hope others material coming in on market basis.
Mark Parr: Okay. So you by our market basis mean you are looking at buying concentrate on a spot basically on a spot relationship?
Richard Teets: The relationships that we have our contract is supplying but it's in fact against the Canadian concentrate project.
Mark Parr: Ok alright. Is that represent pretty much a 100% a year of your concentrate needs until you get the mine up and running?
Richard Teets: Yes.
Mark Parr: Okay. That's helpful.
Richard Teets: And again, there's a mix, we have concentrate clients from several streams, we have some other concentrate coming in from a company called Magnetation, but is actually and concentrated from the -- and that is competitively priced.
Mark Parr: Okay that's great. In terms of you IDI talked about your improvements in raw material cost and also I think Keith mentioned that had done a significant improvement in natural gas consumption. That being said IDI is going to continue to operate a better loss this year. Could you talk about a little bit about the difference in the cost of production IDI versus the pricing because it looks like you have mentioned significant progress on the cost side even though pricing is down?
Richard Teets: Yeah.
Mark Parr: How much is the cost mitigated the lower transfer pricing that you are getting?
Richard Teets: Well the transfer price right now is roughly 350 bucks.
Keith Busse: That's for liquid iron now.
Richard Teets: That's for liquid iron.
Keith Busse: Its not solid.
Mark Parr: Right.
Richard Teets: So there is a sort of a hot metal credit that can be around about $25 a tone. The pig iron market is appreciating a little and also probably we would have pig iron delivered today, it would be a little higher than 350. But a sort of a breakeven number is round about iron dynamics is about $400.
Mark Parr: Okay, how's that changed from where you were say last year this time?
Richard Teets: Last year this time was probably closer to 450.
Mark Parr: I'm just trying to get a sense of, is most of that reduction just a function of raw material input cost or there been any structural improvements in the profitability of IDI that you've achieved.
Richard Teets: Its all in the treating Dave and Steven's have done, we go back to two or three years ago when we were [Technical Difficulty]. Obviously the present production cost would be a hell of a lot higher. But that is solely recycling mill scale and other materials today. I'd say given two or three years back that is a structural change
Mark Parr: Yeah
Richard Teets: The reduction in natural gas again sometimes necessity is the mother of invention and some of the things that we've done last couple of months we've discovered some things perhaps that we should have done year or two, but nonetheless they are quite a good significant advance that will be with us going forward.
Mark Parr: So its always -- could you give us -- just one last question on the raw material side, could you give an update on what's you're best estimate is as far as delivered cost to nuggets to Butler?
Richard Teets: The cost in nuggets at Mesabi given a price for transfer the concentrate not the cost but the actual cost of concentrate. So, assuming that the mine gets a market transfer price.
Mark Parr: Okay.
Richard Teets: Around about $300.
Mark Parr: And then to liquefy that what -- another $20?
Keith Busse: Well. That is hard to say Mark, it's not like iron dynamics see. Gets adjusted into the hard of the we have to look at back. So it wouldn't be 60 or 70 or $80. I don't know what the number would be.
Mark Parr: Okay, but it's what you are looking at right now is about 300 bucks plus transfer ?
Richard Teets: Yeah.
Mark Parr: Okay terrific and one last question if I could. On for Omni could you talk a little bit about your export mix from a revenue standpoint? And then also where do you think that the reduction in head count and some of the cost reductions you've done, how has that changed the normal spread for the scrap business going forward? In terms of dollars per ton.
Richard Teets: I -- on the export side I don't have that in front of me Mark. I can get that for you. We'll have that in the future. So I think that's the question I was asked last about. On the cost going forward as I said we are stripped down about $25 million a quarter, as to say Q3 of last year. Obviously our volumes is down all that will be would has guess that a good $15 million of that.
Mark Parr: Okay. All right.
Keith Busse: Mark guys just some quick math. I think if Mark's price moves up $50 a ton because market good fortune moves to deliver price of pig iron at $50 then he starts to push back in the lack of iron dynamics.
Mark Parr: Okay, thanks Keith, thank you very much and congratulations on the solid second quarter and the second half outlook.
Keith Busse: Thank you
Operator: Next we'll go to Kuni Chen with Bank of America.
Kuni Chen: Hi good morning everybody.
Keith Busse: Morning
Kuni Chen: I guess just start sort of can you just walk us through any major maintenance outages across your system that we should be thinking about this quarter. And then just perhaps give us break down of the Mesabi expenses that you expect to flow through in third and fourth quarters.
Keith Busse: Well at recent in the Mesabi expense in China. As for major dip in China end up but I think we are good repair and expect no major out in the third quarter we will have normal maintenance down turns in the fourth quarter usually in the October kind of time frame three to four days
Mark Millett: That's correct the only major outing will be as long at Roanoke installing the final high ends for backhouse. But we'll mitigate that exposure by reproducing the exposure required for the rolling mill. We won't see a reduction in the rolling or shipping aspects.
Kuni Chen: Okay.
Keith Busse: Question was anticipated losses in third and fourth quarter related to nuggets
Theresa Wagler: Depending on the start off Kuni, we expect somewhere between 4 and $5 million of expense in the third quarter and probably five to six in the fourth quarter. That would be assuming the heating up of the RHF in the November time frame that Mark mentioned earlier.
Kuni Chen: Okay. Great, and then just, just one follow up. OmniSource you certainly looks like your having some good cost improvements there and there are certainly head count reductions. What's, what are your plans as far as costs or efficiencies out of this business going forward from here, how much more can you wring out of the operations over the next year or so?
Keith Busse: I don't think there is much more to go. I don't want to speak for Mark but when you ring 90 million $95 million out of something on an annualized basis that is pretty darn significant relation to where the earnings posture of the company was part of that.
Mark Millett: Yeah again I don't think there is a huge demand to do that obviously as volume comes back, you might as well see some dramatic change.
Kuni Chen: Right okay. And actually there is a one last question, its more of an industry question I mean if I look at the spread between being wiper and beam pricing and obsolete scrap kind of look at that spread over a long period of time 10 to 15. It's typically been sort of two to 300 per ton range but certainly recently even if the despite the weak environment we are in you had a pretty significant spread, what do you attribute to that is that just the fact that high base have been locked in or there are other factors kind of contributing to that spread staying in even it is slowing utilization rates.
Keith Busse: I think it's the lower utilization rates, the spread needs to grow to remain profitable because the cost structures climb dramatically on a per ton basis extract. So those spreads are necessary to achieve profitability, it doesn't mean they are going to stay there, can project future market activity. But certainly widening spread is not been disappointing to any of us because of a lot of us to hang in there kind of breakeven makes us well profit kind of level in that business.
Kuni Chen: All right good enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we'll go to JP Morgan's Dave Kapp (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: I was hoping that you guys can talk a little about the inventory expectations, the strong drop up between first quarter and second quarter almost 100 million with the expectation I know you guys can't look that far but where you kind to see that go third quarter and then as third quarter goes through if you see demands stand stable. Where do you anticipate building inventories for the rest of the year?
Keith Busse: Well if demand should pick up in long products, we probably would still be just fine from an inventory perspective. But we are not either, we are not -- we don't have huge positions relative to scrap in the long products arena and the position we have in Flat Roll has been coming down rather rapidly and can be maintained at lower levels without jeopardizing this activity.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah, Dave I would look at inventories either a significant chores used or funded from that perspective given the rest of this year it's not what we're looking at currently.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then sorry if I misread earlier but you had said that you had reduced employed head count quite substantially and didn't just paid it building back up again?
Keith Busse: It could build a little bit Dave but it's not going to go back up to.
Unidentified Analyst: Right and would that be possible if over the longer term we did get back up to somewhere near where we before in terms of production?
Keith Busse: Well I think the, in fabrication the operating capability of the three facilities that we have which are well positioned geographically East of the Pacific River (ph). Their capable ultimate capability is well beyond anything we've already realized. So, you could add a little liner or two here or there which would head back some head count that we certainly could be in good position to respond to any kind of market activity. I think in the Flat Roll we -- in all related business, where the head counts aren't found as much. We're pretty darn efficient at this point in time, and we may have found we could do with our soul here or body there but there isn't any ramp up really necessary to maintain the volumes. Certainly in the recycling arena we just think that the more efficient business systems that the Mark and his team have developed and greater focus in certain areas has increased their capability to get the sales out of the door with fewer folks at the help. Mark maybe you can add to that.
Mark Millett: Again I don't with the and the way we do things I think we've streamlined the organization. We're combining two of our divisions mid-Ohio and Northern Ohio which allows some synergy. And just looking at the organization as a whole and just making sure that we're not doing that to any one. Obviously our employee count will grow to some degree in the yards as the flows come back come back to prior levels anywhere close to them.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks very much
Operator: Next we have John Somoza with John Somoza's Day Independent Research. (ph)
Unidentified Analyst: Congratulations on all the improvements. With the tough conditions in heavy construction markets, the likelihood the health care and other things crowd out the infrastructure some money that may never be spent. Do you see a case which is not writing down, not impairing not permanently shutting down but taking a rolling mill or fabricating plan offline for two or three years given the extent of vacancies and commercial buildings?
Keith Busse: Well we already taken two fabricating plants offline, but I think our -- as it relates to the heavy construction market and it's impact on Pittsboro I think there are just pass at looking in new market opportunities and looking to further penetrate the market as the new player. Roanoke has a pretty stable plant base and I think its going to do well, and in spite of our lack of stimulus, heavy infrastructure spending, Butler the same way structural would forecast look at new products feels get with we are starting to do a lot more channels, to looking at big angles, we are looking at other opportunities. So I don't see shuttering in any of this facilities in near terms even though the outlook and the heavy construction universe looks a little dismal without somewhat hard dollars committed to the construction community or to have the infrastructure, rather than just remodeling jobs, so to speak.
Unidentified Analyst: Keith, in terms of the $1,047 realization for Joyce (ph) and related products that probably reflects bids were made 6 or 12 months ago is the Joyce division bid this new business what is the pricing on is it closer to 750?
Keith Busse: Yeah it is John its down a lot. Their inventory -- the cost of raw materials also down a lot so, I don't know that their bottom line from an operating income perspective is going to move around gigantically. It could move into a loss in the third quarter but its not going to be loss.
Unidentified Analyst: Congratulations on holding those margins as much as you have.
Keith Busse: Thank you
Operator: Next we'll go to Dahlman Rose's Tony Rizzuto.
Anthony Rizzuto: Thanks very much. Hi everyone. Keith you mentioned in Flat Roll beds you indicated 25to 30% of the mix that was automotive and truck related and another 30% construction related what about the remaining 40 to 45%?
Keith Busse: Well it's hardly to know where all the products go. Agricultural, appliances energy would be a fairly significant market of size to be 15% by it softened. We do get involved all sorts of similar goods products exercised but things nature we are at. We make a lot of the boxes for computer hardware and we are involved heavily in that regard that segment into that market is that doing all that well either. So its pretty broad
Anthony Rizzuto: Pretty broad. And that really for the text, now I realize a higher proportions of sales there to non auto OEMs but how is that book shift there and rough approximation of the end markets there. Would it would be similar to what you just gave us?
Keith Busse: Yeah they've got pretty good growth right now, they've also improved overtime. I'd say I don't know how far Dick how fare are they.
Richard Teets: Well they're sold out for August and they will be today be opening for September. And so they're very positive about the outlook.
Anthony Rizzuto: So you're operating pretty full out there?
Richard Teets: Yes.
Anthony Rizzuto: And just one more question then. I just want to make sure I heard correctly that OmniSource, did I hear you say that you've rung out 95 million annualized in cost savings since the acquisition?
Keith Busse: Yeah somewhere around the 90 95 million.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay and now you guys have moved your corporate headquarters should we expect any meaningful cost savings or are there are any other initiatives you guys have already done a lot and you are on a pretty lean ship is there anything else that we should be thinking about for the balance of the year?
Keith Busse: I think most of that has been accomplished. We have the building for sale either we lease it or sell it, in this markets a open question should we sell it might take in some income that was unexpected but other than that, nothing to report there.
Anthony Rizzuto: Okay all right good performance thank you.
Operator: Next will go to Brian Yu with Citigroup.
Brian Yu: Hi great thanks question on long price side of your business general feed back from your sales force that customers there are still this destocking or did you get a sense that they're basically kind of ordering at same pace that they're selling the product at?
Keith Busse: I think upto recently they've been destocking. Destocking in unusual way -- to each other to could be stuck, and eventually that hits it's bottom as well. And then you have true measure of economy is that from a real demand perspective but that we don't know yet.
Brian Yu: Okay and then could you moving over to the Flat Roll side I know you've mentioned that you'll open up your order book soon. This is just for customers to occupy a slot in the middle, right -- prices, I don't think it have been determined yet?
Keith Busse: Well. I'm not going to speak to pricing but that's been determined our mind and we'll be out in the market here shortly.
Brian Yu: All right directionally will they be out in September?
Keith Busse: We'd like for them to be.
Brian Yu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy: Most of the questions have been answered, can you guys fill in the 2010 CapEx and if there's not an absolute number for 2010, can you at least talk about the major items continuing in Mesabi Nugget et cetera?
Keith Busse: Brett we haven't went through the budget exercise to firmly define 2010 yet. That's yet to be done. But there are no significant CapEx expenditures on that rise and there is a couple million here and a couple million there. But no big ones.
Theresa Wagler: The one thing that would be last to be determined upon when we would receive the environmental committee for the mining operations, as that could be up 60-$75 million potentially in 2010 but again it's -- that would be the only significant project that I'd be aware of.
Richard Teets: We have a couple of million dollars -- $5 million of environmental work we're doing in a meltshop down in this (inaudible) West Virginia here. And we also have completed these in a week but of course many of our expansion projects and so forth we're going to review that a little bit, and reinitiate once again the incremental opportunities, but not necessary just to open flood gates and what we'd Pittsboro expansion as well as the Columbus city spend cash to projects in the near future.
Brett Levy: And maintenance around a hundred?
Theresa Wagler: No, its not that high. Remember when you talk about maintenance CapEx we're talking about those small projects that Dick would have just mentioned. So I would say that may be this year $60 million in normalized year.
Brett Levy: Got it and then last question is that as it relates to the scrap business obviously there is a scrap needs to worked off before the scrap business can same utilization as to many more customers. By your best guesstimate around what month that kind of run rates, does it looks as if the scrap overhangs start to go away?
Keith Busse: Lots of pondering Brett.
Richard Teets: For our inventories or for the industry?
Brett Levy: Both.
Keith Busse: We have scrap, lets just put it that way. The flows have improved, demands is not all that significant get domestically. Fund demand has abated a little a bit. I wouldn't say the inventory over hangs are significant for anyone at this important time, wouldn't describe them as significant any way.
Richard Teets: I think Brett, we I think are in great position inventory lines. I would suggest that there are other companies out there that they have been cash conscious to control bad inventories, so I would suggest the steel mill community as a whole is pretty tough by inventory. The scrap sector itself you've got a mix, but most of the scrap area here of a got a reasonable inventory. But that's been liquidated here as the noises have puffed up.
Brett Levy: You think you got a 50% of the innovation scrap business by the end of the year?
Richard Teets: Well again that's...
Keith Busse: We run it, 50% situation already with the [Technical Difficulty].
Brett Levy: All right thanks very much
Richard Teets: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wayne Avle (ph) with Kessler Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you and congratulations on the century breakeven
Keith Busse: Thank you Wayne.
Unidentified Analyst: I realize you fixed your balance sheet but is there any quick math that there might make sense for you and have you, you can't obviously tell us the specifics but have you had any conversations with any organizations with some equipment that might fit in well with your set of assets?
Keith Busse: That's something that we wouldn't comment online.
Unidentified Analyst: But just in general is there anything out there that might be interested or are you likely to have any initiative?
Keith Busse: That's not something that we're going to comment on
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from the Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani: Can you give us some color on the working capital on the working capital for Q3 what do you expect?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah again even the same instance that we talked about from a working capital perspective, Sal I just wouldn't look at it to be a significant use or stores, but for need right now. As anything you nay even add receivables increase potentially at the Flat Roll and that otherwise I'd look at neutral.
Sal Tharani: Thank you very much.
Operator: And it appears that there are no questions at this time. I'll now turn the conference back over to your speaker for any additional closing remarks.
Keith Busse: Thanks Karen, and again Thank you everyone. The questions were great as always and I hope we answered in appropriately, So all of our employees I want to say thank you for hanging in there and doing the elements work. I think that flows through the veins of this company is the best of any steel maker anywhere in the world. And I know we still have tough times ahead of us and certain long parts but we'll get the job done in the end. The country will return, the family (ph) will move forward together. But we thank you so much for your cost control efforts and hanging in there with all of us. You are the best, thanks.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner  Investor Relations Manager Keith Busse  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Richard Teets, Jr.  Executive Vice President for Steelmaking President & Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations Mark Millett  Executive Vice President for Metals Recycling & Ferrous Resources President & Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation Gary Heasley  Executive Vice President for Strategic Planning & Business Development Theresa Wagler  Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Parr  KeyBanc John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs Luke Folta  Longbow Research Michael Gambardella  JPMorgan Evan Kurtz  Morgan Stanley Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company Timna Tanners  UBS Michelle Applebaum  Michelle Applebaum Research Kuni Chen  Bank of America
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President; Theresa Wagler, our Chief Financial Officer; and Fred Warner, Manager of Investor Relations. For opening remarks, I would turn the call over to Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Thank you and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast April 23, 2009 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. A replay of this call can be heard and downloaded as a podcast from our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Today's management discussion may include various forward-looking statements. All statements regarding anticipated results or expectations are intended to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which by their nature are predictive and are not statements of historical fact are often preceded by such words as believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, or other conditional words, and are not intended as guarantees of future performance. We caution that actual future results and events may differ materially from such forward-looking statements or projections that we maybe making today. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include general economic conditions, government monetary of fiscal policy, industrial production levels, changes in market supply and demand, foreign imports, conditions in the credit markets, price and availability of scrap and other raw materials, litigation outcomes, and equipment failures. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of other factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to the forward-looking statements and Risk Factor sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission as well as in other reports we file from time-to-time with the commission. These reports are publicly available on the SEC website www.sec.gov and on our steeldynamics website. After today's management discussion, we will open the call for questions from participants, who have informed us they may wish to ask questions. Please keep your questions short and limit to one question per caller on the first round. We should have time for follow-up questions. We will now begin today's call with introductory remarks by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. Obviously, results reported were dismal, but nonetheless, I think there is really room for optimism. I noted in one of the early first call or first take outlooks that one of the analysts, was quoted saying the company's position was more at more sober tone to it or somber tone, and why wouldn't it be somber in this kind of an economy yet. I just want to offer a few positive comments that I think today I can say with great confidence that our mills are in super shape, they're in good condition and ready for any recovery that we might experience on a go forward basis. I think the mental attitude of our employees is very positive and in spite of the fact that their earnings are down significantly in this kind of economic climate. And let me say our cost position has never been better. I think we were very pleased with where our cost structure is obviously that comes at the expense of an $83 million adjustment to inventories in the first quarter, principally realized through significant write-downs of resource costs at our flat rolled steel making division. And there was further deterioration quarter-over-quarter, as our net sales were down 33% and our shipments were down 21% in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. So, it is a very somber time, yet at the same time I wanted to reflect on the fact that our mills are in excellent shape and employee morale and spree decor is good and the cost structure is world class and second to no operator in the U.S. or broad for that matter in my opinion. One of the more significant impacts to our earnings was the inventory charge, it was $83 million it was about $13 million greater than we had contemplated. And that really was a result of not receiving as much material in the quarter at greatly reduced pricing from past quarters. We didn't receive as much as we had contemplated and obviously we didn't ship as much as much as we internally had contemplated. You might have had our shipments in more or less, but we thought we would ship a little more and did not, thus you use up a little less of that scrap pile, which at the end of the quarter was adjusted in terms of its valuation and I think I noted in one of the, or I saw in one of the early-morning comments that the inventory valuation adjustments are largely behind us that was their belief and its my belief as well they're behind us and we will not play a material role in future results. So, when you look at our results ex the $83 million non-cash adjustment to inventories and the non-cash additional amortization charge related to Recycle South in the final valuation of intangibles and goodwill at Recycle South, which was worth on the bottom-line net income about $0.02, the inventory is $0.27, if you kind of back that away from our results we were within the range that we had forecast at the late in the first quarter, but in early March of this year. Unfortunately, the call we had in March was a very necessary update as business conditions continue to deteriorate in the quarter specifically deteriorated significantly from heightened levels, you might say in December and early January to more dismal business conditions in late January and throughout February and early March and our visibility in March told us nothing was about to change. So, significant deterioration in selling values was eminent and so we updated our earnings in March and came fairly. It's very difficult, came fairly close to hitting our prognostication, that it's very difficult to have any visibility when order entry is really just hand-to-mouth, it's weekly, it's monthly, its steady and I might add that it's been increasing recently in the flat rolled arena. It's pretty steady in small shapes, its fairly steady in SBQ bar arena and order entry has gotten worse in large long products, specifically structural, which and I think the third paragraph of our press release spoke to all of that when you look at the operating rate at the mills was about 46%. And for those of you who might want to know how that breaks down, it was we probably operated it close to 50% in flat-roll, something under. We shipped in flat-roll in the low 40s, 40% to 45% we actually build little inventory, actually produced a little more than we sold, but the operating rate was sub-50%. In structural, it really depends on whether you look at it through the eyes of our capacity a year or so ago prior to the construction of the new mill, new medium section mill. If you looked at it through that set of binoculars, you probably operate it closer to 40% when you consider our newfound capability capacity, we operated probably closer to 30% during the quarter. We operated about 50% of our capacity at Roanoke and Steel of West Virginia as well, so, on a production basis. On a shipping basis, as I said, on a consolidated basis it was about 46% in the recycling arena we operated at about 42% of our current capability there as well and things didn't really change at fabrication, where we are operating at about 45% there. I think its important to note that prices declined and if you look at the second page of our press release at the bottom we talk about the first quarter's average selling price per ton for Steel Operations was $720, a decrease of $193 per ton from $913 in the fourth quarter, and a decrease of $62 per ton from a year-ago quarter, which I don't think is very relevant at this point in time. We are talking about the fact that the average scrap cost per net ton charged decreased $78 a ton, compared to the fourth quarter. As I went on to say this data speaks volumes about the cost reductions or cost control achieved in recent quarters by our employees, they've done a phenomenal job think about that. The selling values go down $193, your principal input, scrap, or your, which is scrap goes down $78. So, there were significant cost reductions achieved to achieve what our fairly unchanged results, slightly positively changed results from an operating income perspective. I might also note that without the non-cash charge, our steel operating units actually had an operating profit of about $17 million or $22 a ton versus an operating profit of only $3 a ton in the fourth quarter. So, actually positive total change in that regard, which I think is significant. Like most of you, most of you know from, on an operating basis corporate overhead is not included nor is amortization and profit sharing. And I think in the statement we made added corporate overhead just for clarity the corporate overhead is not considered, when we talk about operating profit, it hasnt been in the past and it is not these statistics. So, they're very comparable it is very comparable data, but even if you allocate corporate overhead and of course there was no profit sharing expense, you allocate corporate overhead to the steel division it would have still had a bottom line operating profit inclusive of corporate overhead. So, just wanted to note that because I think the progress our employees have made in this very dire environment has been extraordinary and we salute them I think they are indeed the best steel makers in the world today. Recycling, well you saw that our average scrap cost per net ton charge continued to decline. Scrap costs during the quarter continue to fall, there was a slight strengthening early in the quarter, but obviously deliveries of material in the month of March were down and certainly deliveries going into April were down maybe $30 a ton, $40 a ton in some cases, now people are talking about a rebound in that arena, but any rebound as you can see given the operating rates of Steel Dynamics and many of our peers out there all being sub-50 any rebound in scrap is probably short-lived I would guess, as we move into the spring and summer months where the flows increase and I think the spark if there is any has been export activity, which has caused scrap on the east coast to move up slightly month-over-month now or mid-month. And I think the big question is will that continue into the Mid-West and its not likely to impact the Mid-West to the same degree on the upside as it has the east coast because, obviously to get material to the east coast there is a considerable freight bill associated with it. So, the net-net to the provider may not quite be as attractive. So, again not having a crystal ball and Mark will speak to that issue. And Marks opinion may well differ from mine, but I think as we look at delivery of materials in May and June, it could be anywhere from up very slightly to sideways to down slightly I dont think its going to materially move from the arena of where we are today. I know a lot of you from time to time look for a little guidance its something we havent done, but I'll just tell you kind of where we are from a scrap perspective. We talk about how were moving up and down quarter-over-quarter, we are down $78, I noted a competitor was down a $102, very good progress for both entities, but our cost per net ton charge you should know is in the mid twos, sub-$300 again I repeat in the mid twos. So, that's about where we were in the quarter in terms of the cost per net ton charge again very good position I think relative to most and obviously with the inventory adjustment being behind us I think the company from a cost perspective is well positioned in what are today a rather dismal marketplace. There is no visibility out there right now and there is no light at the end of the tunnel, that I can share with you as I said order entry is steady every week it seems to come in and go out at about the same rate. We're running one caster at Butler, and from time to time when we get a little bit of a surge, we can run to, but that's about where we are today. Relative to fabrication, you might have noticed that in fabrication, we made about the same amount of money in this quarter's we did a year ago and about the same amount of money as we did in the last several quarters in the $3 million, $4 million, $5 million net profit range. We remain profitable in fabrication, and we're better positioned there than weve ever, ever been. With the closure of the facility in Florence, South Carolina, which will not likely ever reopen, the Florence facility was in the backyard of some fairly strong competition and wedged right in between our Virginia operation and our Florida operation, which were much better cost positioned facilities from a cost of raw materials and a conversion cost perspectives. Our continental plant, which was closed during the quarter could reopen some day thats a possibility should, the business climate in non-residential construction improve, were not forecasting its going to or it is better positioned there than we have been and I think the three remaining fab facilities and roll forming facilities are the finest in the world and so we have a very strong cost position and we see the operating rates not changing a heck of a lot as the non-residential construction market is clearly still in the tank. So, I think thats just, thats kind of a brief recap of where we are in steel and where we are in processing and in fabrication I would like to turn it over now to and we'll save any discussion on the balance sheet and another comments this morning our first outlooks about covenants and we will talk about that at the time Theresa speaks to the audience, but I would like to turn it over now to Dick Teets for his more specific comments about whats going on inside the steel port.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well thank you Keith. Good morning. As Keith said the Flat-Roll division is operating around the 50% level and that is achieved by the operations of one castor continuously and the intermittent use of the second castor as orders demand, while still taking the appropriate maintenance downtime. Now, the teams at Butler and Jeffersonville have finished the commissioning of the closed loops coating weight control systems and all three galvanizing lines for their ironize for a more accurate coating profile and we also commissioned our surface inspection system at Jeffersonville to help assure the highest quality of products are being shipped to customers. At The Techs, remaining on flat-rolled congratulations are in order for achieving a zero loss workday performance at all three of the facilities. The focus there has really been on maintaining our quality and customer service, while managing our inventory positions all of the inventories to lower than historical levels. At Columbia City structural and rail division it also is operating as Keith mentioned between 35% and 40% levels compared to the first quarter of 08. The backlogs suggest a continuation of that level. The team continues to put effort into rail production, over 15,000 tons of rail were produced in the first quarter and at the new mill efforts are continuing to increase the selection of products made available as the 12 inch M beam and the 12 inch C channels were successfully commissioned in the first quarter. We have slowed the installation of the second castor, but we continue to work on the assembly utilizing our skilled employees. We will use contractors only when safety precludes us from their undertaking. If we look at Pittsboro, the SBQ production and shipments were also in the 50% range and production of the small sizes, which are 4.25 and smaller and medium sizes, which are between 4.25 and 6.5 have been an area of focus as the competitive landscape has changed in the marketplace with competitors cutting production and/or scaling back operations. The grades that are holding up the best are alloy class 1s and 2s those are for transmission tower legs and tool steel as well as for seamless tube, small tubes, and forgings. Congratulations are deserved by the Pittsboro team for becoming certified to produce mooring steels by the American Bureau of Shipping this requires incredibly detailed testing visitation by survivors from ABS. This is the product that is used to form the links on the mooring chains for ocean based oil well platforms. I mean its a very interesting product, huge links for greater in the 4-inch diameter steel bars. Pittsboro continues to develop more advanced metallurgical options for our customers where quality is the first priority. Congratulations are also in order for the Roanoke bar division team for their safety results for both the fourth quarter of 08 and first quarter 09. As they had only one recordable in each period and zero loss time accidents, so it was really a great job. At Roanoke, the melt shop operated at 40% of capacity, while the rolling mill operated at close to 60. The difference is due to the lack of billet sales, both internally and externally. Internally meaning Steel of West Virginia and externally being to our other customers.  At Steel of West Virginia, they continue to deal with a significant downturn in the special sections OEM markets that they serve. With a downturn in the economy there has been a significant reduction in the manufacturing of forklifts, truck trailers, and the like. Steel of West Virginia has responded in several ways. In the near term unfortunately, significant layoffs have occurred and but they are controlling their spending to new lows. On a positive note, they are currently adding new sections to their mills, which will hopefully provide new opportunities. We anticipate a start-up of the new straightener for the number one mill in the third quarter, the straightener will improve product quality and yield while lowering our fabricating cost. It's needless to say all the facilities are paying close attention to all inventories both raw materials and finished goods and cost reduction opportunities that have no adverse effect on safety, quality, or customer service. And finally I would like to state that my head is off to the employees of our subsidiary, Dynamic Composites. They are in the business of making composite railroad ties and highway sound barrier systems from steel, rubber, and plastics. They just recently shipped their largest order to-date of 4000 ties to the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad. Congratulations folks. Keith?
Keith Busse:
 :
Mark Millett: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. Hope all are well. Relative to our recycling business, I think although times in relative to precipitous decline we saw in the second half of the last year, the ferrous markets remained difficult through the quarter. Domestic steel mill utilization remained at 40%, 43% through the quarter for that regard arc furnace capacity perhaps is a little higher at 45% may be 50% with the iron foundry business certainly continuing to decline. So, demand was subsequently constrained resulting in scrap shipments of 730,000 net tons for the quarter, a 19% decline over the Q4 of 08. Concurrently, market pricing decreased through the quarter thereby compressing margins as higher priced inventory flow through the system. In slight contrast, our non-ferrous business showed improvement through the quarter with volumes increasing 7% quarter-over-quarter to 119 million pounds. Copper was a particular highlight having somewhat of a bull run on strong buying pressure from China in a very tight domestic market. Albeit a tough quarter, I am proud of the Omni team's performance, we lost about $50.5 million, yet generated about $9 million in cash flow, yet a far cry from the $120 million, $122 million we lost last quarter. Obviously, the tempered market helped the credit should be given to the significant effort and creativity demonstrated in cost reduction. Total operating costs were reduced by $24 million for the quarter from a level perhaps in a normal operating environment of Q3 of '08 and we feel that this further improvement is expected. In fact, with a benefit of the strong copper markets, we were actually profitable in March. Again proud of our team, they reacted well in the tough market. They had courage to make the tough decisions, and are committed to making Omni even more competitive in the future. Relative to the markets in general, I think the ferrous markets remain tenuous, but it would appear that there is some price support at current levels for preventing further deterioration. I agree with Keith, I do believe there is somewhat range band until there is material increase or improved electric art furnace utilization. Demand is soft, but the supply side is equally soft, inbound scrap flows are extremely limited. Industrial flow has dramatically reduced due to an anemic manufacturing base. Wholesale and obsolete flow is also weak. This particular sector was very profitable last year, and yards and dealers are reluctant to let material flow at today's low prices as compared to the highs seen last year. And particularly as their inventory values are relatively high at this moment in time. They're willing to wait at the cycle and capitalize on the normal and expected uptick in pricing that they have seen in the past. Additionally, the economy is forcing people to keep cars longer. They are fixing up their old cars, giving a tremendous boost to the picker part industry, which has seen a two, three-fold increase in sales. Car hulks are thus greater value reducing the flow of the shredders and supporting in field transaction prices. And as Keith suggested further support is manifest through increasing export interest at the current low market prices. Non-ferrous copper has had a bull run of late with China buying at large premiums. Domestic consumers even while operating at probably 50% rate or having difficulty fulfilling their raw material needs and thus having to pay up for the material. Aluminum is less volatile and seemingly range band at a level that probably matches sort of a global production cost. And certainly global production in this metal, the cuts have not been similar or to the extent we've seen in other commodities. So, again that's probably going to be a range band material for some time. Change in the Iron Dynamics, the plant is running extremely consistently it's got a capability now at 15,000 metric tons to 16,000 metrics tons of liquid iron per month. Shipments in this first quarter were limited somewhat as our input rate was reduced in concert with the reduction in operating rate at the flat rolled division. Again the team has executed well. We've made some dramatic improvements in cost structure with further improvements expected as our natural gas contracts draw down to spot values and the team has continued their excellent safety record for their improvement last year by having only one minor recordable accident in an incident in the quarter. Mesabi Nugget even given the tough winter conditions up there, construction progress was excellent and we anticipated a start-up in September. We've delayed that by a couple of months pushed it into the fourth quarter to bounce CapEx expenditures. CapEx for the project is on track for the adjusted $265 million that we've been suggesting for the last six to seven months. So, the recycles business is challenging, but there is a lot of fun. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Mark. Just another quick comment about Mesabi Nugget. Given our inventory position on iron, there is no rush to get there, and by affecting a small delay in the project, we can actually shove back some CapEx from quarter-to-quarter and not take on operating losses earlier in the year, but rather later in the year. So, that's kind of the decision we made we didn't really want that to extend any deeper into the winter as there may well be impairment to refractory linings on the furnaces, et cetera, et cetera. But things are coming along fairly well there, and as you said, at Iron Dynamics, steady state progress there, they're probably in a better position Iron Dynamics to run record tonnages now than theyve ever been obviously we just dont need the material at this point in time. As we told everyone, we thought we would be profitable perhaps in the recycling arena in the first quarter and we were not made significant improvement. As Mark noted it did turn a small profit in the month of March, that's not likely going to continue into April as selling values deteriorated on a delivery basis, but could well return to profitability in the May and June timeframe. So, that's just kind of our outlook from a recycling perspective and my perspective as with regard recycling. I want to turn it over to Gary Heasley tell a little bit more about the changes in the fabricating arena.
Gary Heasley: Thanks Keith. Shipments in fabrication were about 45,000 tons, which is two-thirds of the shipments we saw a year ago and given the two-third shipment level holding income relatively flat was quite an achievement for the team. As reflected in the decline of shipments, our plants are operating at lower levels of utilization that puts pressure on per ton production cost and the new Millennium team has been pursuing every opportunity they can find to reduce cost weve achieved significant cost savings as Keith mentioned due to the impact of shipping production from our idled Florence, South Carolina facility to our larger and more efficient facilities in Salem, Virginia, and Lake City, Florida. And congratulations for the team for taking the initiative to respond aggressively to the rapid decline in market conditions that we've seen here in recent quarters. In early March, we announced the closure of our joist fabrication facility in Continental, Ohio that will be effective in May and we will be consolidating that production at our facilities, at our larger and more efficient joist and deck plant in Butler, Indiana and after the closure of Continental as Keith mentioned earlier, we will be very well positioned with three large very efficient facilities in Butler, Indiana; Salem, Virginia, and Lake City, Florida. With regard to market conditions, weve seen order entry and shipments continue to fall as end demand has continued to pull back we've also seen in recent months unusual levels of cancellations from orders in our order book, we dont normally see much in a way of cancellations in the order book, we have seen some of that. We think that at this point, we've seen the last of any significant cancellations, I think we have seen stabilization there. And on a positive note, our coat activity here in the last eight weeks or so has remained very, very robust that's a very good sign for us and we believe that we are seeing some coat activity coming in as projects that have been put on hold are shelved are revisiting their pricing and coming back to the market in anticipation of receiving financing. Were also seeing increased coat activity in new projects, specifically in school, hospital, and military projects that may benefit from government supported financing. So, we are seeing spots of light out there and as the team continues to aggressively go after every opportunity it is going to be a challenging market, but a great performance on the part of the new Millennium folks. So, thanks to all of them and Keith.
Keith Busse: Yeah I might note that if you look at first quarter results in fabrication versus first quarter results a year earlier 08 that we actually achieved the same net income on roughly two-thirds of the shipping volume, which again speaks volumes to cost reduction and cost control I think we are really in terrific shape there. Just some other comments recently I had an opportunity to dialog and talk with a couple of large architectural engineering firms and both of these firms indicated that they are extraordinary, extremely busy. So, they were very pleased firms as big as people like MSKTD. So, that kind of activity, we certainly welcome that kind of news. As you talk to fabricators out there many of these guys have a lot of activity pent up and these are engineered projects and what they are really waiting on is financing. They can't get the financing, can't move the schools forward without being able to float the bond issues, et cetera, et cetera. So, we continue in this economy to have our challenges from a lending perspective, which could have a extraordinarily positive impact on economic momentum. Theresa, over to you?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Few quick comments, regarding working capital we decreased working capital $225 million during the quarter, $141 million of that reduction was due to our receivables reduction and they still are and what we believe to be outstanding condition, our days' outstanding remained flat at 44 days, and we continue to monitor the creditworthiness of our customer base. Inventories decreased $190 million during the quarter. It was $107 million if you exclude the valuation loss. About two-thirds of that decrease was actually in scrap inventories at the steel operations, and that reduction was both in volume and in cost. We currently anticipate further reductions in scrap inventory volumes at our steel operations most specifically update early at the flat-rolled division. Finished goods and with inventory volumes actually remained relatively flat during the quarter. From a capital investment perspective, we spent $74 million in the quarter about $31 million of that was from steel operations most notably $30 million at the structural mill, which was for the second castor and about $5 million was for the purchase of a substation down at Pittsboro, which will actually have a very quick pay back period for us. The significant remainder was due to our Mesabi Nugget project, we spent about $30 million on that project during the first quarter. For the remainder of 2009, we can see capital expenditures somewhere between $200 million and $250 million, but it's still very flexible. The most significant portion of that would be about $130 million related from the Mesabi Nugget project for the start-up, potentially in the fall and $30 million for the completion of the second castor at the structural and rail division. The remainder of that amount anywhere between $40 million to $80 million is very flexible and they're in improvement and maintenance type projects. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $57 million, $5 million of that again was due to the additional valuation, amortization regarding Recycle South. You will notice that goodwill changed for us, and it actually increased by $42 million. That was due to that reevaluation or final evaluation of Recycle South. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 40.3% on a go-forward basis, we would expect that to be 39.3% and that was due to a credit that we took in the first quarter that would have been a one-time credit. Regarding interest expense, the gross interest expense was $39 million and we had an overall effective rate of approximately 6%. The capitalized interest was $3 million during the quarter. Our shares outstanding at the end of March were 182.1 million shares. Regarding liquidity, we've had a lot of questions and comments regarding our covenant structures, et cetera. So, I would like to address that. During the quarter, as we noted we reduced our outstanding debt by $136 million and we increased availability of funds to over $625 million, and that's predominantly through a small amount of cash and available borrowing capacity on our $874 million revolver. Again that revolver doesn't mature until July of 2012. Until 2012, the only meaningful payments that we have are $65 million a year on our Term A loan. The covenant structures are such that our maximum leverage is five times debt-to-trailing EBITDA. The EBITDA is actually on an adjusted basis, and those adjustments will add back to actual EBITDA any unrealized mark-to-market adjustment lower cost to mark inventory adjustments, and equity based compensation cost. At the end of the quarter our adjusted EBITDA to total debt was 2.8 times, compared to 2.4 times at the end of the year. The adjustments I think this will be helpful to you that we made the EBITDA during 2008 were we added $6 million in the second quarter of 2008, $25 million in the third quarter and $75 million in the fourth quarter. The adjustments for the first quarter of 2009 will be $69 million. As many of you have commented there is a possibility that we may exceed our maximum leverage threshold of five time during 2009. If this were to occur, we would ask for a waiver from our longstanding bank group regarding compliance with these financial covenants for a specific period of time. We would anticipate ready cooperation from this group with a one-time fee for the waiver itself and some small adjustments to the interest spread related to our revolver and Term A loan. Currently, we are borrowing at LIBOR plus a 125 basis points on the combination of our revolver and Term A loans anywhere between $800 million and $850 million its at less than 3%, so it's a very attractive rate. And again just to conclude, we want to maximize our availability of funds, I want to re-emphasize that the prioritization of our free cash used during 2009 is first to maximize liquidity and reduced leverage, second to provide critical capital investments and third to continue to provide cash dividend to our shareholder base. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. Just to comment about the covenant, obviously we are forecasting that business conditions will remain fairly flat and dismal on a go forward basis, and any breach of covenant that might materialize is likely to be a third-quarter event, and but as we continue at these operating levels, the likelihood of breaching becomes greater because the timeframe in which we have deteriorated even if there is a surge is just reduced. So, I think we have talked enough about that at this point in time, which as Theresa said, we have a great group and we will get away, we are pretty positive with that and it's going to cost us a little bit more and we will move on. And, so I think that really concludes our comments, again wanted to note that steel operations ex non-cash adjustments, we are operating in the black, we will continue to operate in the black and hopefully we will be on the road to recovery in the economy and it will have a positive effect on our results. I actually feel better about our position relative to others and we feel very good about the economy, but I think our position relative to others is excellent and I do think we're going to see some signs like. We are not going to return to running our facilities that are 100% of capability this year and may not even next year, but I think the economy is various sectors of it have some good health, other sectors are rather dismal. The home construction segment of our economy, the non-residential construction, autos, tractors, trucks, trailers, those things are on their back, but they're seeing some signs of life there and I am sure the road to recovery will be a long road, but I think we're going to see improved activities as inventories continue to work-off and be more inline with the current shipping rates that out there today. So, again, I like our position in the world, feel very good about it, feel bad about the hardships that everyone endures in this kind of a climate including our employees, who have just been excellent stewards of shareholder money. So, that concludes my comments today and Karin we will turn it over to you for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Mike (sic) [Mark] Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Thanks. Good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Keith, I had a question for you regarding the flat-rolled business, you had said you had seen a modest pickup in orders, I guess in the last month or so. And if you think that's easing off of de-stocking at the service center level or is there, perhaps a pick up in automotive or some other end-market that might be affecting that?
Keith Busse: I think that it probably is a result of de-stocking getting their bottom in that arena, clearly if the operating rate or if the economy is moving forward at two-thirds of its former capability or 60% yet the mills are running sub-50 eventually there is going to be a change in the outlook and then change in order entry activity. However, modest it is, it is modest, I don't think we want to forecast, there is a major recovery underway, but there is an improvement and I think it probably has largely to do with de-stocking especially in flat-rolled. I don't know that we are at the bottom yet, in large structurals that we may still be in a de-stocking arena there that is going to cause operating rates in that universe to be rather dismal for another month or two.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: And kind of along those lines, I think Gary had commented that, as joist activity or coat activity was beginning to show some signs of life and part of that related to the I guess, the resumption of financing availability. Keith, how much of the slowdown in the structural side do you think is related to this financing or, lack of financing and is there a potential for that to, to perhaps shift a little bit as you move into the height of the construction season in the third quarter?
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well I think, this is Teets. And as Keith mentioned.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Hi Dick.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Good morning, Mark. Financing is an issue you talk to the fabricators and they do have backlogs or engineered projects, but the owners are reluctant to pull the trigger on it either for financing and/or the true business return on it as you watch that vacancy rates in the inter-cities and so forth with the downturn occurring when, office complexes have 12% vacancy rates, nobody is going to really take, put their neck out and unless they already have a presold position and that's pretty tough these days. All I was going to say is that the structural, to me the structural is almost like a trailing product it was the last to falloff because of project continuation the magnitude of projects that see through completion, and with vacancies and so forth I think it will be, potentially the last to pickup without some kind of artificial spark that through stimulus or some project like that.
Keith Busse: Mark, the public arena, people just couldn't fund school projects. People are little nervous about the viability of state and local government and the ability to repay debt and there was a lot of crying, wailing, and gnashing of teeth going on in that area, but I think the bond market has got a little bit of momentum. Some of these school projects and municipal projects may get financed and come off the drawing boards and that could be very good for new Millennium as well as the long products arena Columbia City.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Okay. Let me just ask one more question, Keith and you talked about this covenant thing and I guess, the only question I would around it is if you, what would be the your anticipation of any timing of a waiver announcement, I mean is it something you would do kind of after the third quarter is released, or is it something that you might consider doing say in front of an actual violation occurring, I mean whats your thought process around the timing of any conclusion to this process.
Keith Busse: I clearly think it needs to be in front of, not after.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Okay.
Keith Busse: And so well probably be engaging shortly in that dialog with the providers. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: I would agree with Keith that we would be in front of it as soon as we know that it would be an actuality Mark, so we will be, we would communicate obviously to the investor base at that time.
Mark Parr  KeyBanc: Okay terrific. Thanks very much guys.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator: Well move on to our next question from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent.
John Tumazos  John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Good morning. You have a very talented team that's built and operated great plans and made some great decisions it looks like the auto business in the upper Midwest and private non-res construction for next several years are going to be very quiet markets. With a corporate makeover of sorts interest you to try to focus your attention where it's easier to make hey, like the electric furnace industry in India is not as well developed there is a very fine electric furnace plant in Mississippi thats a little closer to the locus of new auto plants, I dont know if that would be a merger candidate, but in terms of the big picture, do you think there is better ways to make hey given the many talents of your fine team.
Keith Busse: John were always looking at new opportunities in the marketplace and I think the energy subject will provide many new opportunities to us whether it's redoing the energy grid, and transmission towers, or whether its windmills and the blades associated with those builds, or the steel superstructures that are going to be associated with them, we're always looking at new markets to enter. We certainly don't want to exit our established positions in other markets, but I couldn't agree with you more though that I think in the next few years, automobile production will not return to 15 million units. So, it's important for us to be on the right platforms and continue to participate in that arena. I would note that, the number of cars and inventory has declined notably recently I hope that it continues to adjust, and if it does we see some resurgence of activity from the 10 million unit arena hopefully in time into the 11, 12, 13, but none of us are thinking this is going back to 15 million units tomorrow morning, so we are all out there looking at different opportunities. We've also been very heavily invested in the processing community, service center community they will remain our key clients and they're searching for new outlets all the time and bringing us new ideas. At the same time, a lot of our teams are looking at new OEM opportunities that might suite us on a direct basis better than going through processing. So, we're always looking for new homes for our products as a regard foreign adventures I think the one foreign adventure we had in Thailand was, its probably still a key within our minds and we're probably not too interested in going abroad at this point in time.
Operator: Moving on to Sal Tharani with Goldman Sachs.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Good morning guys. 
Unidentified management speaker: Good morning, Sal. 
Keith Busse: Hey Sal.
Sal Tharani  Goldman Sachs: Keith, from the guidance just give us some more color you're going to sort of close to break-even perhaps slightly positive, your mills continue to probably make positive profit and is it true to say that they will be positive unit with corporate expense included. So, is that still coming from the scrap there, you may have some concern that you may still loose some money?
Keith Busse: We may have some earlier quarter losses there followed by recovery in later in the quarter in recycling, but you can earn more per ton notably not $3, but $22 on an operating basis yeah when you, so when you multiply that times far fewer tons you dont have a positive result, but I think I dont know that I can give you any and we've said we would give you any quantitative color on the second quarter outlook as we said, we'll just stay with it could be small loss, it could be break-even, it could be a small profit and that's about as good a visibility as we have. I think well be as the tax said profitable going forward to the second half specifically I think we will have some decent quarters there as the economy continues to move forward ever so slightly in our position relative to cost delivers a perhaps better opportunity for margins. So, I think we will have a profitable second half, obviously a break-even kind of quarter isn't going to cheer the first half given the larger losses we had in Q1. And I will refrain from making any comment about where the year might be, quantitatively, but certainly there is an opportunity for us to eat out of small profit, but I am not going to give you any quantitative guidance at this point in time, perhaps we will be able to do that later in this quarter as we get better visibility.
Operator: And well take our next question from Luke Folta with Longbow Research.
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: Hi. Good morning everybody. 
Keith Busse: Good morning
Luke Folta  Longbow Research: My first question was regarding I get the impression from your comments that the structural market isn't going to see improvement at least in the near term, but in a kind of rebounding economic scenario, do you think there would be more upside for the flat rolled product offering or more on the bar side? 
Keith Busse: Well I think the margins are going to be better on the bar side multiplied times fewer tons, we would agree with you not seeing a major recovery taking place in at least in the next 90 days anyway. The margins could be expanding slightly on sheet goods, but again the volume is probably going to move up the hill slightly, but then again prices have deteriorated recently and just in the last couple of months they have come down significantly again, so the margins are going to be contracting probably a little bit, multiplied by the same tons, or, well maybe they won't contract, they may expand, expand by again not very exciting progress in volume.
Richard Teets, Jr.: I think one thing that's noteworthy, and I know you all know it, but our markets are affected by the type of competitors we have to complement what Keith says, from a flat roll perspective, I don't know the margins or the sales price is going to improve on the flat-roll in the short-term, but the fact that they're mostly integrated competitors from a percentage of market share, that I think the small starts and improvements will be met through the mini-mill sector that aren't big enough improvements that we aren't bringing back, blast furnace or such. And so, but in the structural arena every one is a mini-mill and in some of our bars, it's a mixture. So, I think who the competitors are and what style of mill they are will affect the go forward in the short-term.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Gambardella with JPMorgan.
Michael Gambardella  JPMorgan: Yes, good morning. Have a question on the scrap side, on the ferrous scrap. Could you give us an idea of where your ferrous scrap inventories are on a tonnage basis at both the scrap recycling business and the steel mills and how that has transpired, since the beginning of the year?
Keith Busse: Yes, Mike. Inventories in flat-rolled have not materially changed. They're still very high, we bought into a declining price environment, while shipments were weak, so they haven't changed. Obviously, the value of those inventories have now at the end of the quarter dramatically changed. So, I guess we have a lot of material at fairly economical values. We have an excellent cost structure, but we see that inventory declining sharply in the ensuing months. And as prices just get into this malaise arena, certainly an opportunity to flush out a lot of cash and pair back inventory at specifically Butler. The inventories are in bad shape at Columbia City. I would tell you that they only have a couple of months and that's at a dismal operating rate. If we could return to any settlement of capacity there, they wouldn't even have a month supply on hand. So, it's really tied to the operation rate, but not in bad shape there. Actually went down, and will probably continue to decline somewhat. As they have at the other long products locations. So, the biggest volume of tonnage, mid to block of tons in inventory is clearly still at Butler, we have a very specific plan to have far fewer tons on the ground by June 30 and September 30, which means we are not going to be big buyers out there in rather a dismal environment, and that's sort of bad news for the resource community, but as Mark said, the flows there in that arena are pretty dismal as well being buoyed only or bolstered by offshore activity, Turkey had been out of the market, China had been out of the market, they came back into the market. Attractive pricing I don't know that will continue forever either, but it certainly was, I think it sort of caused the resourcing adverse to sort of bottom out in this area. Like I said earlier, it could go down $10, it could walk $10 I don't think it's going to materially move, but it could. Buying activity abroad disappeared, and operating rates remained at these levels. Scrap could further decline. That's a possibility. But in terms of volume and tonnage, again, we still have a lot at Butler, and we would be working that off in the ensuing months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Kurtz  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Just have a quick three part or actually on scrap as well. First I was just was hoping you could share with us of the $730,000 ferrous shipments, how many of those were into the export market. Second, given that demand is starting to show signs of life now in Turkey and in Asia, does it make any sense for you at all to ship into the export market even if net of freight you are selling at slightly lower price. If you can boost volumes and throughput to the yards and finally just want to get your thoughts on how a potential cash for clunkers legislation might affect profitability in the scrap unit? Thanks.
Keith Busse: Well, the answer to your first question from an export standpoint, we dabbled in that market, but didn't have any real material volumes going there. We did have some material going from our Omni southeast division. And we are continuing to look at export opportunities, wherever it just makes economic sense, it may give you some contribution margin, but the numbers aren't tremendous even today. We are looking at that arena from a standpoint of cash for clunkers, obviously there's legislation that is yet to pass, all we can see is view that the European market obviously, it certainly has impacted their market, whereby many cars are coming to the scrap yards to a point where they can't dispose them, at least they don't have a market to dispose them and customers are actually paying the scrap, the scrap dealers, scrap yards to take the cars, which is kind of a anomaly, compared to where we see ourselves today. But at an early I think cash for clunkers would certainly help our recycling business, it would increase the flow for sure and also stabilize the market pricing.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Yeah I might add to that, I think cash for clunkers is probably a good stimulus. It's probably a good idea, it gets more environmentally unfriendly gas-guzzlers off the road rather than the cycle we're in, where people are trying to make the clunkers last longer and therefore the pick a part business has been robust and these guys are sitting on bodies longer. Not liking today's prices and not wanting to bring the bodies to the shredders. In Europe, it clearly had a positive impact in talking to one of our Directors who has been associated with the steel industry for the last 40 or 50 years and lives in Germany and one of the probs they had with it is that the processing community right away wanted to seize a point in opportunity and they were really afraid that this kind of volume would drive prices down materially. If you start charging people part of the euro rebate on the car to process the car. So, they were getting in all the action and I don't know where they are with that today. I think one of the dangers that we have with cash for clunkers is making sure the clunker gets to the shredder. And so I think that, it will be legislation that I would be interested in reading, because its not going to do us, it might do us new car production if it just makes to the pick a part yard, that's not going to do our industry a lot of good unless a mix, if they all pileup in the pick a part yard. So, I don't think they will, I think it will increase flow and I think it's probably a fairly positive stimulus that could help move the economy forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy  Jefferies & Company: Hi guys. Can you talk about 2010 CapEx and in fact maintenance CapEx just based on some of the revisions with respect to Mesabi and the second castor?
Theresa Wagler: As far as 2010 we really haven't done a lot of studying related to that there would be some CapEx switched out in the fourth quarter. Second castor we expect to finish in the fourth quarter currently, if not there might be as much as $10 million to $50 million that could be
Keith Busse: Carry over, yeah. 
Theresa Wagler: Carry over, and from Mesabi Nugget it could be as much as $30 million to $50 million put you back.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well we haven't Brett, we have not really delayed maintenance CapEx. You specifically said maintenance and there is, we don't have any projects of major magnitude that are maintenance oriented that we have not continued to pursue.
Keith Busse: Last comment, our mills are in great shape.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Right. 
Keith Busse: We continue to spend in that arena. We don't anticipate at this time given the protracted nature of the recession, that we would have a significant CapEx load in 2010. As Theresa said, mostly carry over in nature, but things have a way of changing rather dramatically within a six to nine month period of time. But I think we are not going to see we are probably at the bottom of this cycle right now. But how long we move across, how long we are at the bottom of the L if you will or if anybody's best guess. I don't think anyone really knows. A lot of people say well, we're only going to see a pickup by the end of the year. I think that's just wishful thinking. There are some bright spots in the economy. Hopefully, that will be infectious in nature. Hopefully, we will work down the automobile, the days in inventory. Hopefully, financing we will loosen up and we will move some of these projects forward. It's very encouraging that there are signs of life on the drawing boards at the architectural engineering firm that's a very positive sign.
Richard Teets, Jr.: From a CapEx standpoint, again just that we had some good projects that under current operating conditions don't have to payback that were initially calculated. And thats where, those are the projects that got delayed. They have efficiency, yield improvements so forth, and those as operating rates increased and we return to some more normal margins, then those will be the ones that come back and justify themselves from a payback perspective.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Hi good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Wanted to follow up with I think Dick was kind of answering it a little bit before, but just explicitly you and the other mills are all kind of saying we're ready to restart as soon as we're able to. What of leading indicators will you look for to know whether or not to restart and like you said and some of the blast furnaces in the sheet side in particular maybe a little bit slower, do you think you can take market share, do you think, how does that proceed in an orderly manner where everybody wants to restart capacity?
Keith Busse: Well, I don't think, we are all looking for signs of life and that for us comes in the form of news about various segments of the economy and the form of order entry, but restarting for us is not a long event, it's about eight hours long, if you will. And so it's not really an issue and we don't produce to stocks, so until we have a backlog, there won't be a C change in how we operate the mills. That answers your question?
Timna Tanners  UBS: Ask that yourself, but I am just wondering about like, not just your own facilities, but some of the other facilities that are larger and clunkier, is there a risk that when everybody wants to restart they could overdo it, I guess?
Keith Busse: I think that Dick kind of addressed that earlier when he said Jeez, if there are small surges here and there, there's not going to right now there's no joy in mudville and I don't think these guys are going to relight blast furnace activity for a small surge. I think they want to see backlogs and demand in order entry levels. Wholesale different level before you crank a lot of those tools up. It's not like an electric arc for us. So, there maybe more caution there, you certainly don't want to get involved in any economic head fix that are out there.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Gotcha. And then real quick if I could on the debate over carbon emissions and how we proceed with that can you give us a quick summary of why mini-mills maybe better positioned and integrated if at all on the carbon emissions debate?
Keith Busse: Well I think the emissions at an EAF said most well positioned EAF facilities are far less onerous in terms of physical content in the environment than they would be at older facilities, especially integrated in nature, but we're all, none of us want to see jobs go offshore because we impose in some manner a carbon tax in our own environment, which takes capacity offshore, eliminates jobs and further damages the environment. I think everyone, and Mr. Damico has been very vocal in that regard and I applaud him. That's the last thing we need from a planetary perspective is more pollution in fewer jobs here. So, we need to play on a level playing field and I think there is more heightened awareness of that in the halls of Congress today than there has been in the past. And the steel industry is than 1% of any perceived CO problem. And that's pretty small I mean from a global warming and CO content perspective there is much more concern about what we are doing with livestock and farming and certainly the tail pipe itself and we haven't solved the problems of the tail pipe, plugging making smaller cars and plugging them into your electrical outlet is because most of the energy generation in this country is coal fired doesnt resolve the environmental crisis. So, we got to be careful, how we are moving around, how the pieces are moving around here, but we are opposed to any cap-and-trade legislation I dont think that there are its like putting a rule in place before there is science there to support it. Show me a technology that's going to allow us to emit less for a reasonable modest investment, we will invest in tomorrow, but the technology isnt out there, so making a lot of rules without the science to support it with the technology to support, it's just going to create job losses and move jobs offshore. So, we're very concerned about the thinking on the hill in this rush to judgment in this regard, but I do think there is a lot more interest in our industrys position on that subject today, then there has been in awhile. I can't predict outcomes though.
Operator: Well move on to next question from Michelle Applebaum with Michelle Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum  Michelle Applebaum Research: Hi 
Keith Busse: Hi.
Michelle Applebaum  Michelle Applebaum Research: Thanks for a really thorough discussion and particularly in terms of the upcoming covenants issues I mean I think I take for granted that covenant breaches are 90% of the time opportunities for banks to come in and get more money from you. Not liquidity crisis triggering events. And so
Keith Busse: We would agree with you.
Michelle Applebaum  Michelle Applebaum Research: Right, right well I just have, I think Ive seen two or three dozen steel companies file bankruptcy so I have a little bit of experience in that, sadly I thought that was a skill set I could flush you guys. So, anyway Omni, there has been a lot of stress about these issues, police things. Mark, can you kind of talk about it.
Mark Millett: Yeah. And I will try not to get incensed by the whole issue, but I would suggest that back in February we had a very heavy handed closure of our Indianapolis yards. I would suggest this wasnt even a closure, more it was absolute police raid. And to say we were surprised by these actions certainly as an understatement. Our employees actually were felt violated by the actions and I think our reputation certainly has been tarnished or besmirched. But despite the heavy handedness of the investigation, you should know that no employee nor the company so far has been charged with any civil or criminal wrongdoing. But to put it in perspective, Michelle, there were about 25 incidents over a two-year, roughly two-year period in which we actually had about 550,000 transactions take place over that time and the incidents range from about $3 of transacted material, up to about $83 in material for a total transactional value of about $875. But as people know in the industry that they recognized that the identification of stolen material can be a very, very difficult task and although we constantly train and retrain our employees I believe some of them used poor judgment in executing our own internal policies, but its our belief, our strong belief that no individual broke the law or knowingly purchased any stolen property whatsoever. Weve been cooperating fully in their investigation. In fact, and perhaps ironically there has been a longstanding strategic working partnership with the Indianapolis Police Department that's gone on for several years, in an attempt to identify question on stolen material and to eradicate scrap thats been general. Today that partnership has resulted in more than 1900 investigations and 40 arrests in the Indianapolis area alone and we have similar partnerships in our other communities, for instance, Fort Wayne, weve helped in the arresting 200 individuals for scrap melt theft. So, I think our integrity and training our programs are second to note. Unfortunately, the situation was further aggravated by the discovery recently of some operating licenses that unknowingly expired. As occurred they expired during the time SDI was acquiring OmniSource so perhaps they expired through some confusion. But know that 13 out of 19 scrap yards in the Indianapolis area share the same dilemma at this moment in time, but there's no excuses on our part. We should have reapplied for them. That reapplication process is underway, and we anticipate getting licenses here in the next hopefully 10 to 14 days.
Keith Busse: Michelle this is Keith. I would tell you that based on what you heard from Mark this was dramatic overkill at $875 worth of identified transactions that perhaps shouldn't have taken place just poor judgment was used by an individual at the scale. I mean it, the fact that we have worked with these agencies both in Fort Wayne, in Toledo, in Indianapolis, to prevent this kind of activity are to be a very positive testimony to our attempt to eradicate activity like that. But you almost have to wonder whether or not there isn't some politics involved here. I mean it just didn't smell right for $800. Something else was going on here. It was kind of crazy, but I think in the end you will find that company other than allowing a license to expire at a time when we are buying Omni, and probably just was overlooked, was this whole thing was much to do about nothing. Does that answer your question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Kuni Chen with Bank of America.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America: Hi, good day everybody. I guess just to start Theresa, can you please give us the shipment breakdown for flat rolled, the hot rolled, cold rolled, galvalum et cetera?
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Absolutely, its actually very similar to the fourth quarter, hot rolled was 105,000 tons. Pickled and oils was 20,000 ton, cold rolls was 34,000 tons. Hot rolled galvanized was 53,000 tons, cold rolled galvanized was 47,000 tons. Painted was 36,000 tons and galvalum was 9,000 tons.
Kuni Chen  Bank of America: Okay, great thanks. And then, Keith you had mentioned that you think we're near the bottom of the cycle and that things can certainly change quickly in the industry as you look out a couple of months. Can you guys just talk a bit about your, how you look at your capital structure and your degree of comfort that you have sufficient financial flexibility to really participate fully, when industry conditions do start to recover. Working capital is down $800,000 million since the middle of last year. But obviously as things start to turn back to the upside, there is going to be pretty substantial working capital drop. So, just hoping you could flush that a bit for us?
Keith Busse: Yeah. We have bottled four cases, an upside case, which we just kind of put on the shelf, and three down side cases, so we're modeling very conservatively I think going forward. And so any comments are in the context of fairly conservative prognostications, but I actually see our revolver staying in the same arena for a quarter or two, being cut in half by year end from where we are today potentially maybe even less than that. So, there is really no, there are no liquidity issues, because we are modeling it very, very low levels of business activity. So, I don't see that as a problem as to Jeez your business picks up you are going to build some, your receivables are going to go up sharply, yes they are, but we have a very specific program in place yet to drive value out of our inventories and by inventories we don't carry lot of finished goods as you know as a company have virtually no work in process. So, really talking about scrap and I think any in-surge in accounts receivable activity is what it would be dealt with by a declining inventory valuations, not valuations, but values based on less volume in stock if you want. So, I don't really see our revolver going up throughout the year, if anything just going down.
Theresa Wagler: Kuni I'd just add to that that even in an extreme upside scenario you are not going to see working capital to keep point get back to the highest levels that it was probably we kicked out in the third quarter of last year. In part because it's just a high valuations of both steel prices and scrap prices and I don't think anyone is currently anticipating those levels, in addition to that Keith's point was that, the actual volume of specifically scrap inventory, I think will be dealt with differently on a go forward basis as OmniSource may hold different levels of volumes that all the efforts you will note. So, we are not seeing a problem with that.
Keith Busse: Kuni I don't think that we are going bak to $1,100 a ton any time soon, which would really drive the working capital as expected equation to a greater degree, but certainly would love to see some recovery in pricing from these very, very low levels, but again I think that could all be dealt with, within our capital structure, so we are not, I don't know if there is any need to change the capital structure at this point time.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. If your question was not answered, please contact Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager with questions at 260-969-3564 or e-mail him at fred.warner@steeldynamics.com.
Keith Busse: Karin, thank you. I don't really have many concluding comments other than to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company, their continued support of the company, and to say to all of our employees to give them a sincere pat on the back and a thank you for the cost containment accomplishments of the recent past. You truly are the best of what you do. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner  Manager, IR Keith Busse  Chairman & CEO Dick Teets  President & COO, Steel Operations Mark Millett  President & COO, OmniSource Corporation Gary Heasley  EVP, Strategic Planning and Business Development  Theresa Wagler  VP & CFO
Analysts: Charles Bradford  Bradford Research Bob Richard  Longbow Research John Hamidos [ph] Mark Parr  Keybanc Capital Markets Salfarani [ph]  Goldman Sachs Brad Lagie [ph]  Jefferies & Company Bakuni Ten [ph]  Bank of America Securities Timna Tanners  UBS Dave Katz  JP Morgan
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Operations, Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer of OmniSource Corporation, Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President, Theresa Wagler, Chief Financial Officer, and Fred Warner, Manager of Investor Relations. For opening remarks, I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner: Welcome to the Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast today, January 27, 2009 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. Note that to listen there are links on our Web site to two separate services. If you have any trouble with one feed, please try the other. Also a replay of this call can be downloaded as a podcast from our Web site www.steeldynamics.com. Today's management discussion includes forward-looking statements. We question that actual future results and events may differ materially from statements or projections that are made today. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Specifically, please refer to those sections in our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports entitled forward-looking statements and risk factors. These reports can be found on the SEC Web site www.sec.gov and our Web site steeldynamics.com. After our management discussion this morning, we'll open the call for questions from participants who have informed us they wish to ask questions. Today's call will be limited to one hour. Keith Busse, Steel Dynamics Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will now lead off the discussion.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Fred. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I think I'll probably lead off with the opening statement in the fifth paragraph of our press release which says it's strange to be reporting the best year in the company's history and at the same time the company's worst quarter and we're thankful to have that quarter behind us. That quarter obviously was full of pain and agony. Most of which was felt in our scrap and scrap processing divisions where substantial losses as you can read in the operating segment data were incurred which would tell you the most of the loss we're reporting was at this point in time in that segment. And as expected I think and much of it was operating in nature when scrap goes from $875 a ton for prime goods down to $175 a ton. Month-by-month-by-month until it reached its bottom, you could imagine the losses were substantial. And I'm happy to be able to report that we think that the processing division will be back in the black in the first quarter and we'll have an operating profit during the quarter. So we're pleased about that. I won't go over all the details of the data that's in the press release, but rather just highlight the fact that it was a record year for Steel Dynamics, up about 18% versus $2.38. Up about 18% from the $2.01 earned in the year 2007. Also, we're doting was cash flow for operating activities was up substantially year-over-year about better than $300 million. We had  early in the year, I thought we could reach about 6.2 million tons of shipments but obviously with the horrific declines that we and others experienced during this quarter, unprecedented drops, we did not achieve our shipping goals and shipped about 5.6 million tons where we had earlier in the year forecast about 6.2 million tons. During the quarter, we lost $0.45 for those of you who are wondering why not the $0.40 we had indicated we'd be at. We had some additional losses in other pockets of the company that were we had not contemplated probably one of the more significant ones was inventory write-downs in the nonferrous arena, again contributing to the $118 million operating loss that we had in the resource segment of our business. I think also worth noting would be the fact that our debt was reduced by $226 million in the fourth quarter, leaving us over $500 million of unborrowed revolver. From a forecasting perspective, we've tried to be cautious  as cautious as one can be and in reading the other announcements this morning, no one has good visibility going forward since our backlogs are not that extended. But we should return to profitability in our best guess at this time is that we would achieve somewhere between $0.05 and $0.15 in diluted earnings, and as we said, we would provide further guidance if needed as visibility improves and that guidance would likely come in the March time frame. The other statement I think most people probably are interested in is that we continue to believe that earnings for the full year 2009 could underscore under somewhat improved circumstances be comparable to those achieved in 2008. What are those assumptions? I think that's what everybody would like to know and they're not very good in the first quarter. The assumptions is that we will run our flat rolled divisions at about 60% in the first quarter that are having reached bottom in the November, December time frame and showing some signs of improvement. We booked about 20,000 tons a week in orders during the month of  months of October and November hardly enough to sustain profitable operating rates in a declining environment from a pricing perspective. But the bottom was reached I do believe in the December time frame or late November time frame in order entry in December was roughly 30,000 tons a week and has remained at that level going into the fourth quarter early on. Now that's not real exciting, but it is, it is probably about a 60% operating rate from our perspective or somewhere in that area, 55% to 60% thus the forecast that we would continue to operate at that level in the first quarter. We assumed about an 80% operating rate in the second quarter with destocking having bottomed out, if you will, and some of that's based on the fact that the economy is we think still operating somewhere between 2/3 speed and 70% speed. One of the large indicators is automotive units predict  predicted to be built, that's still operating at about 70%, not good news, but not horrible news. The housing starts are obviously down substantially which does impact flat rolled steel as well. But generally speaking, as a spot player, we think given our cost structure that we can perform as well as anyone in this environment and we believe our operating activities will, at the flat roll division anyway go into the 80s as the year progresses eventually reach 90% as we only have one flat roll mill to feed. Different set of assumptions though for heavy structural sections. That market remained in pretty good shape through October and November and is now reaching its bottom as we speak in the December, January, perhaps even February time frame. Substantial destocking going on in that arena and one has to consider when we talk about operating rates that we have a new mill that will not operate anywhere near capacity in this kind of economic climate, thus our capability at this point in time although in time it may be two million tons of production from structural perspective is probably at best, 1.5 million tons today as we continue our learning curve and operating the second mill. Thus, since our  the order entry rate, shipping rate is down around 50,000 tons. One could conclude that we're operating at about 33% of our capability and not forecasting that's going to improve all that substantially, but it will improve we think as the year goes along, structure steel especially could benefit from the stimulus package later in the year. So we've modeled some improvement in capacity, in structural as the year moves forward. I might also point out that any stimulus package could also have a positive effect on flat rolled as it could on SBQ bars and small shapes from a rebar perspective and/or if stimulus package should have any impact on the automobile community we see any improvement at all that would be good for most SBQ bar producers. Probably the steel decision that's in the worst shape is steel of West Virginia which continues to operate at about 45% of capacity and probably will reach a peek of only 50% during the year. It's going to be a tough year there. We think that as we look at the first quarter, all of our steel divisions with the exception of Steel of West Virginia will be profitable. That will include the Texas as well. So we will generate decent earnings  not decent, but given the fourth quarter climate, rebounding earnings. Let's put it that way. We had earnings in the fourth quarter but offset by other issues. From a total company perspective, but we should generate earnings in the first quarter in almost all of our steel divisions. We should continue to be profitable in fabrication. And in fabrication, I might point out that small unit of our company had the highest operating profit of any report in the fourth quarter. So but business conditions they are still deplorable, but we're well-positioned to surge forward in fabrication should we get any rebound in economy activity although we're not modeling any strong rebound in light commercial construction on a go-forward basis. And as I said the scrap division will be profitable. And those profits we think will improve throughout the course of '09 quarter-by-quarter and thus it certainly won't be a record year or anything like that, but it should be a solid year. One must remember in the scrap universe, we are principally a processor and not a broker whereas some of our competition  some of our competition in the steel community, much of their scrap, scraps sales activities are a brokerage in nature so there's a built-in margin there without the fixed costs or boots on the ground type issues that we as a probably 90% of what we do is processing. So therefore we're going to get hit a little harder in times like this because we're mostly all processing as opposed to brokerage. I won't go through the segment data, I'll let Mark and Dick talk about those issues with you as we walk through their report today. We'll try and keep our comments brief, respectful to the fact that there are other conference calls going on today. We'll try to stay within a one hour timeframe if we can and allow time for the appropriate questions. But on a broad basis, we operated at about 86% of capacity or thereabouts in the year 2008. And those are just rough numbers, 85, somewhere in that area and we'll probably operate, we think, that's how we modeled the statement that we'll operate at about 2/3 to 70% of our capacity throughout the year '09. Pretty bleak year, but nonetheless if the modeling predictions relative to volume come true even without much of an improvement in pricing and continued drilling down on our cost structures, and we are in excellent shape now with regard to raw materials going into the furnaces and all our operating units we should be able to generate a reasonable operating profit and have a year that as I said earlier could be comparable to the year that, that we had in the year 2008. So I'll conclude my remarks with those comments and I'll turn it over to Dick Teets at this point in time to let him talk about the steel operations.
Dick Teets: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Despite the fourth quarter slow down in production and shipments I'm proud to say that steel operations did not lose their focus on safety. During 2008, Butler earned a recognition for two IOSHA for the VPP program, which is diverse for an Indiana steel mill. Both Butler and Pittsboro ended the year with their best safety performances ever. Roanoke had only one reportable in the fourth quarter while for 2008 steel of West Virginia had a record low of vast prime injuries with only five for the year. And noteworthy of course is Nextech which had no recordables at all for 2008. Tremendous job by all. Recognizing that improvement is necessary. Each division has a 2009 goal of even better safety performance. As far as capital projects and operations go, Honduras [ph] completed the expansion of the first of the two DAS [ph] and preliminary work is completed on the second one. This project along with the new baghouse installed in 2008 will allow for the goal of 3 million tons per year of hot rolled coils to be achieved. At Columbia City, the commissioning of the number two rolling mill continues. Yesterday, they rolled 15 inch channels for the first time and later this week or next, 6 inch wide flanges and 12-inch channels are scheduled to be rolled. Work continues on closing in of the building for the number two caster and completing the foundation in Inbed [ph] for that facility. And Pittsboro, work on the foundations for the number two  for the two new rolling mill stands is complete. (inaudible) is ongoing as is planning for the castor reheat furnace expansion. Mill has expanded their product offerings with the addition of number five and number six rebar sections. Roanoke work continues on the installation of in baghouse, corresponding modification (inaudible). Scrap yard improvements to improve logistical efficiencies have essentially been completed. Steel of West Virginia is also continuing with the installation of new straighteners. One, three inch of the two rolling mill. These straighteners will not only improve yields and costs but are also segue to more products require entire tolerance performance. At all of our plants, we continue to reduce inventories, control our capital and operational spending and schedule our maintenance and project work to eliminate any impact on operations. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Dick. Next we'll hear a report from Mark Millett.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Keith. And as Keith articulated, it's been sort of a dichotomy in markets in many respects this past year. Although in late summer we could see an upcoming market softness and started to draw down inventories in August and September we did not anticipate the speed of descent to which the commodity markets would fall. I think you know that in the ferrous world, American metal mart bundle pricing early in the year, $900, the ton, gross ton. September is 510, November has dipped to 125 and recovered somewhat in December to about 230. Similarly in nonferrous, copper dropped in the average coal met in September, was about $3.14, dropping to $1.38 in December, a 56% decline. And in the other nonferrous markets, aluminum and nickel, we saw similar declines of about 41% and 46% respectively. These dramatic market declines obviously created a little bit of a dilemma as higher priced inventories chased the market down in both our ferrous and nonferrous businesses. For our ferrous business, further margin compression was forced by lower volumes as the steel industry utilization rates plummeted to 35% in December. For example, December 1st sales for us approached 160,000 tons as compared to over 500,000 tons early in the year. Specifically, we experienced negative gross margins in October and November, recovering to positive territory in December as the higher priced inventories grew down, selling values recovered, and buy-in prices dropped to more normalized levels. In our nonferrous segment we achieved positive gross margins through the quarter, only to be offset by a $10 million or low cost market adjustment at year-end. In combination, we essentially achieved a zero gross margin for the quarter. And although our operations team did a tremendous job reducing expenses by $35 million quarter-over-quarter, we still incurred approximately $87 million in operating SG&A and other expenses. Additionally, an unrealized non-cash hedging loss of approximately $35 million was reported as the nonferrous commodity markets dropped. These financial contracts to utilized the minimize margin risk for long-term fixed price and volume contracts associated with long standing credit worthy customers. Looking forward, having inventories at reasonable levels and evaluation and based on the positive gross margin experienced in December, we project a return to profitability assuming markets do not retract significantly through the first quarter. Turning to Mesabi Nugget in mining, the construction is proceeding well. Although they are having a formidable weather has taken its toll and prevented the total and closure of many of the buildings as we've hoped, we still anticipate start-up of the 500,000 ton mega plan during the third quarter of this year. With engineering essentially complete and 73% of procurement committed, we have a more concise project cost. Unfortunately this has grown from the original $225 million, $230 million to $260 million. The increase is related principally to increased structural steel and equipment costs associated with the inflation of commodities as much of this was purchased last summer at the height of the market. Higher than anticipated labor costs for construction and an underestimation, principally on my part the size, scope of the off cast system. Fermenting of the mine is currently on schedule. The environmental impact statement scoping study has been completed and permit issuance is expected for December of this year. Assuming Q1 2010 construction start we'd anticipate mining, concentrate production by year-end 2010. For Iron Dynamics, it saw  an actual it's best year ever in 2008. It was the most productive, most profitable and safest year in its history. The capital and process improvements made through the year achieved significant gains in operational performance. DRI production was a record 286,000 net tons, liquid pig iron at a 70% rate for a total of 180,000 net tons of liquid iron shipments and a further 75,000 tons of HBI shipments. The improved production rate capitalized on strong market conditions earlier in the year obviously providing $19 million in pretax earnings and $29 million in EBITDA for the year. And I would congratulate the team. Their persistence finally paid off and they've done a phenomenal job. The plant was shut down for 24 days during the fourth quarter for extensive cattle modifications to the rotary hearth furnace off gas system which negatively impacted production in the quarter. However the plant restart went extremely well. And the improvements are demonstrating a potential for 30% increase in DRI production, and a 10% decrease in natural gas usage. So Iron Dynamics is including and very consistent today. Keith?
Keith Busse: Thank you, Mark. Gary?
Gary Heasley: Thanks, Keith. For New Millennium this quarter, shipments were up about 10% versus the fourth quarter 2007, but overall the industry shipments were down about 27%. So the team has done fairly well. Our shipments for the year up nearly 5% shipments (inaudible) up 17% versus '07 shipments. So it's clear that the New Millennium team had done a great job for the quarter and for the year, both pursuing market opportunities, building and shipping product and controlling expenses. And congratulations to the team for leading the company to profitability although I think we look forward to the resurgence of the steel and scrap operations. As we look forward, nonresidential construction remains weak compared to recent years and as a result order entry for Joist & Deck operations are falling across the industry, we're no exception, but we are over there, out there overturning every stone looking for opportunities. We did close one facility this quarter. We closed our production facility in Florence, South Carolina and consolidated those operations in our Salem, Virginia and Lake City Florida facilities. That giving us better utilization of those facilities overall better earnings and no interruption in customer relationships. The market that we're served by Florence will now be served by Lake City and Salem with no interruptions. We continue to work hard to control costs and I think remain very well positioned with regard to very efficient operations, very flexible cost structure. We got a great team in place and we'll continue to get out there and pursue the market.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Gary. Before we go to Theresa's report, I'd just my comment that we've worked extensively with our employees, we've I think done a very good job of educating them throughout the years. They understand income statements, balance sheets and need for profitability. And when tough times like this come along, they really, really have rolled up their sleeves and went to work and dramatically reduced our fixed costs which are probably world class in the industry at any rate. But they understand the economic circumstances that exist. And I think they appreciate the environment in which we operate which is a no layoff type environment where everybody shares the pain, there is no cadre of families that are laid off experiencing all the pain, but it's rather a shared pain with everyone. So having said that, I think that the team spirits are really in pretty good shape as are the fixed assets to this company and capable of responding at a moment's notice to improving business conditions. Again I want to tip my hat to all of our employees. They've done just a great job throughout the year 2008. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Keith. Briefly go through some fourth quarter highlights and some directional comments for the first quarter of 2009. And to begin with from a working capital perspective, we decreased working capital over $400 million during the quarter, obviously based primarily on volume and pricing decreases. Our accounts receivable debt outstanding remained unchanged at 45 days and a very positive comments still over 95% of our accounts remain current less than 60 days past due. We actively monitor our customer base and we've been very fortunate in that regard. From an inventory perspective, our finished goods and with inventory volumes decreased over 30% during the quarter and our values decreased almost 45%. Again due to some of the lower cost or market adjustments we talked about earlier. That approximate $36 million in losses for the quarter. $26 million related to our steel operations primarily in the flat rolled arena and $10 million again as Mark mentioned was due to nonferrous write-downs. In contrast, our scrap inventory volumes actually increased during the quarter but also the values decreased. From the capital investment perspective, during the year, most notably we invested $412 million, of which $115 million related to our structural division, for the completion of the second rolling mill and beginning the second caster. We also invested $80 million in our metals recycling operations. Almost 50% of that was due to new site and shredder installation in Indianapolis, Indiana. An $85 million was spent on (inaudible) project with additional $20 million on the mining project up in Minnesota as well as $45 million was invested for the EAF expansion and new bag house at the flat roll mill that Dick mentioned earlier. Our preliminary thought for 2009 capital investments total between $250 million and $275 million obviously based on availability of funds. Most significant portion of that would be $125 million associated with Mesabi Nugget project. For completion start-up as Mark mentioned in September or third quarter 2009 and $45 million for the completion of the second caster at the structural division. In addition, there's a $100 million that's not committed, approximately half of that would be related to maintenance investment efficiency upgrades and another half of that would be more related to potential improvement projects that as the year goes on and more visibility, in what our liquidity platform is will be able to make those decisions. Our effective tax rate for 2008 was 37.7%. We expect that to be maintained throughout the first quarter as well. Our gross interest expense was $43 million at an effective interest rate of 6% and our capitalized interest related to our construction projects was $2.5 million. At the end of the year, we had 181 million shares outstanding and for our estimate for the first quarter would be diluted shares of $182 million to $183 million. Finally, I'll just comment on our capital structure and liquidity outlook. During the quarter again as Keith mentioned, we reduced our debt by $226 million and increased our availability of funds by over $500 million. Our current debt trailing EBITDA which is our restrictive covenant that we have is currently 2.4 times compared to 2.5 times at the end of 2007 and 2.2 times at the end of the third quarter. Our total debt-to-equity remained unchanged at 62%. And again which reiterate we plan to manage for maximum cash flow and focus on debt reduction.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. I might just briefly comment on our inventories. As Mark said earlier, the inventories at the scrap processing units are in pretty good shape but flow is running at what would you say? Half speed or thereabouts. Flow is down due to the industrial environment. And we operate  for the most part in a winter climate where flows are impacted seasonally as well. So  and of course, flows would be down because of the automotive shutdowns that occurred throughout  in late December and have continued throughout the month of January. Inventories at our steel divisions are really not in bad shape at four of the five. The pricing is in good shape now at five of the five, you might say, but we have a lot of inventory at Butler. We probably  when you look at it all collectively, if push come to shove, we could probably bring $75 million to $100 million of cash out of those inventories by allowing them to decline. It's tough to get them to decline when you're operating at only about 50% thus they've remained high and flat rolled throughout the quarter. But as I said, it really in pretty good shape elsewhere throughout the company. So we still could flush some cash out of inventory if it were necessary, but don't believe that, that will, will be necessary. So I will now conclude. That will conclude the remarks that everyone has. And I think, Elizabeth, will just open it up at this point in time to the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll take our first question from Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles Bradford : Hi, good morning.
 Bradford Research: Hi, good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Chuck.
Charles Bradford : I understand that you guys have dropped out of the AISI. What's that mean as far as your data? Are you going to continue to supply information?
 Bradford Research: I understand that you guys have dropped out of the AISI. What's that mean as far as your data? Are you going to continue to supply information?
Keith Busse: Chuck, I really don't know whether we're obligated. I don't think we're obligated to supply information, but then again we're still members of the steel manufacturers association. And I don't know whether or not we report that data at all. I know they at least report our products data, but I imagine they report flat roll data as well. So it will get reported and/or consolidated I do believe.
Charles Bradford : Because we're always interested in the quality of the data we receive and with you guys, about 5% of the industry, if the AISI who has most of the data doesn't get it, I think we all have to question the validity we are getting.
 Bradford Research: Because we're always interested in the quality of the data we receive and with you guys, about 5% of the industry, if the AISI who has most of the data doesn't get it, I think we all have to question the validity we are getting.
Keith Busse: Yes, I don't think we have any real problem providing that data. They're just numbers. We incorporate which everybody can best assimilate that data.
Charles Bradford : Thank you.
 Bradford Research: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Richard of Longbow Research.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Good morning, and thanks for taking the call.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Last summer in recycling, operating profit margins around 7%, I realize ferrous pricing was going up all through that time frame of course before everything cramps up in the fourth quarter. But with inventories written down to such a low market and scrap price probably more up and down what kind of operating profit margins do you expect in recycling here especially since you have  I think you said you have a little more inventory volume and what you expect so you have a pretty low cost base there. What kind of margins are you looking for in recycling here maybe through the first half of 09? Are you able to share that?
Keith Busse: Well, let me say that I did make a comment. I'll let Mark comment as well. The flows at this time really very, very weak. I think the inventories  what he was saying was inventories in the yards are not high, let's put it that way certainly because flows have been down, but with the shutdowns in December and January, the flows are really pretty bad during that time frame so the rate at which they're operating is probably at best 50% of where they would have been earlier this year or the previous year for that matter. Mark?
Mark Millett: I don't necessarily have the  not any sort of a margin percentage, but I think it's now principally influenced by volume and depending on how the volume comes back over the next six months will obviously depend on profitability. In the fourth quarter, we were, we sort of had a two point shift. Not only did we have lower volumes, as already indicated, but we had just higher priced inventories.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: So we should expect a lesser, year-over-year lesser margin at least through the first half of '09.
Mark Millett: Yes, again, it all depends on what the market does. First have '09, plant appreciation in most of the commodity pricing it's a flat six months, earnings will be down year-over-year.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we will go next to John Hamidos [ph]
John Hamidos: Good morning.
Keith Busse: Hi John.
John Hamidos: Some companies, I guess, apply different standards differently. Worthington in their November fiscal second quarter and interim quarter wrote off all of the goodwill related to pass metal framing acquisitions, I guess in the mid-90s. Whether the tests related to your goodwill particularly concerning the scrap acquisitions? And do you visit them each quarter? And just aside on the nonferrous side, the six LME inventories last week averaged 0.2% of annual demand increases or as though the market were 10% out of balance. Now in late January and aluminum inventories at a record and copper inventories at the highest in six years, et cetera.
Theresa Wagler: John, this is Theresa. The way that we apply the test for a goodwill and intangibles, if you have a  have to set a measurement date. And for us, OmniSource's measurement date was actually November 1st. At that point we looked at their net assets to make sure that their forward-looking discounted cash flows what we expect to have are actually greater than that net asset value which includes the goodwill and intangible asset. That we met the planners where there was no impairment now because there was a loss in December, we looked at it again because that would have been an indicator that there could have been impairment and again it was clear there was no impairment based on what we expect to meet the cash flows to be. We do that with all the entities that have goodwill which will include the test and then OmniSource and Recycle sell.
John Hamidos: So is it every November 1 that you would make the test?
Theresa Wagler: It's at least every November 1. If there's an indicator impairment that happens before that, which, John, could be, if the markets go down even further, if there's actually significant losses being established at the metals recycling operations, then we'd need to look at it during that quarter as well.
John Hamidos: And is it basically each financial acquisition package that are the baskets as opposed to a sub basket for ferrous or nonferrous within OmniSource or Recycle South.
Theresa Wagler: We do not dedicate goodwill down to level nonferrous to ferrous, we saw there is one metals recycling operation and in fact, OmniSource and Recycle South are modeled together. Because they're of the same nature in business and they're operated as one unit. So on go-forward basis, Recycle South and OmniSource will be evaluated as one entity.
John Hamidos: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Parr from Keybanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr : Hey, thanks very much. Good morning.
 Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey, thanks very much. Good morning.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Parr : Just, Keith, I don't know if you addressed this, I might have missed this. But can you give us you or Mark give us your best thoughts on where scrap prices might be heading for the February auction?
 Keybanc Capital Markets: Just, Keith, I don't know if you addressed this, I might have missed this. But can you give us you or Mark give us your best thoughts on where scrap prices might be heading for the February auction?
Keith Busse: I think we're probably both in sync. Let's put it this way. The marketing guys they said that they thought that probably the market would move sideways again potentially at the end of January for February delivery. Whether or not that's a reality or not remains to be seen, but as bad as flows are, equally as bad is demand and high levels of inventory that exist not just in some of our steel operations, notably Butler, but in probably the competitions as well. So the good news from a scrap promoters perspective is that flows are down. You would think which would cause some concern, but equally bad news is demand is still in the arena of 50%. So it's probably a pretty good match and it's probably a pretty good assumption that it won't have any strong movement in one direction or another for some time. Mark?
Mark Millett: I prefer not to project 
Mark Parr : That's easy for you to say.
 Keybanc Capital Markets: That's easy for you to say.
Mark Millett: Again, flows on the retail wholesale side for strata pie is kind of stable quarter-over-quarter  month over month anyway. Industrial scrap obviously, prep is down given catering communities on its tail. But who knows where demand might be? So the market will shake out as it normally does.
Mark Parr : Are you seeing any  I think you guys have probably got a, you still got adequate supply of pig iron, but I was just wondering if your intelligence would suggest that there's, there's any shift in momentum on pig from a negative trend toward upside.
 Keybanc Capital Markets: Are you seeing any  I think you guys have probably got a, you still got adequate supply of pig iron, but I was just wondering if your intelligence would suggest that there's, there's any shift in momentum on pig from a negative trend toward upside.
Mark Millett: We haven't necessarily seen it. Obviously we've been out of the market. We've got a good level of inventory at a very good valuation right now. Obviously, Brazilian pig is constrained. They ended about 40% of their output currently. Yet demand is also down. So again, it's just a balance and who knows where the balance is going to find light.
Mark Parr : Just if I could ask just one last question, no one is really seeing much in the way of demand pick-up at this point. Maybe the service centers are doing a little bit of replenishment of inventories as they ship product out as opposed to losing so much inventory. But just wondering, where do you, Keith, where do you think you'd expect to see demand pick-up first, given your understanding of the markets? Where should we be looking? Both on the positive side and where  if things are going to move in the other direction, where would you expect they might take another step down first?
 Keybanc Capital Markets: Just if I could ask just one last question, no one is really seeing much in the way of demand pick-up at this point. Maybe the service centers are doing a little bit of replenishment of inventories as they ship product out as opposed to losing so much inventory. But just wondering, where do you, Keith, where do you think you'd expect to see demand pick-up first, given your understanding of the markets? Where should we be looking? Both on the positive side and where  if things are going to move in the other direction, where would you expect they might take another step down first?
Keith Busse: Well, it would be hard for us to envision that could get a lot worse structurally, it's, we're operating there at under 50% capacity and substantial destocking being reported, but then again, there is no  there's not a lot of activity out there right now at this point in time. But as I said, the stimulus package could probably have as much impact in the structural arena as in almost anywhere in the market basket of products that we offer. Obviously, the stimulus package could also affect flat roll, but a lot of the more transparent markets, automotive as you know, in terms of projections and units built, 10.5 million units to 11.5 million units versus whatever 15.5, it's operating at about 67% of its capability which is indicative or I think our general economy is. I think the energy sector is operating at a higher rate of its capability or more money is going into the infrastructure spending for energy so I suspect that will operate at better than the average economy operates at, but on the other side of the equation is, is light commercial construction, residential, things of that nature, which could operate at below 67%. Yet, the balance could be 67% or we hope it doesn't worsen obviously. If it worsens, it's going to impact every segment of our business as it will our competitions. But I think it's reasonable to assume that structural until a stimulus package arrives. And by the way my comment about that I was horribly disappointed with the amount of hard dollars going into infrastructure spending. Out of $850 billion package the rumors of $90 to $100, $110 billion of worth of spending is pathetically low. I think the economy is going to get the biggest bang for its buck in GDP turns out of infrastructure spending. Whether it's roads, bridges, schools and hospitals or energy projects or wind mills for that matter. But lot of steel will be used. But basic industry, it isn't just steel that's going to benefit. All basic industry will benefit. Whether it's concrete, plastics, aluminum or what have you. So rather disappointing numbers. I was really expecting to see a stimulus package that perhaps was in the $300 billion to $500 billion range because I think that's where, that's where you'd get the  as I said earlier get the most bang for the buck, giving everybody $500 rebate checks is not going to have a profound impact especially if that money is spent at Wal-Mart and helps Chinese producers with Chinese jobs, so, I like to see more hard dollars spent in the stimulus package on hard infrastructure. Obviously some shoring up of the banking environment, lending environment is necessary at this point in time. It's hard to grow and expand unless you have access to capital. We read a lot about small banks that have access to  that are lending money, but there's a big difference between $80,000 home loan or small commercial loan of $100,000 to $200,000 and huge basic industry needs of hundreds of millions of dollars. In high yield instruments and things of that nature that are not available at competitive rates today. So lot of work ahead of us as a nation that that's my best guess right now.
Mark Parr : Thanks, Keith.
 Keybanc Capital Markets: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: And we'll go next to Salfarani [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys.
Keith Busse: Good morning, Sal.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: First, some housekeeping. Theresa, would you mind providing us the details of your hot roll  or sorry flat roll shipments, the way you always give us?
Theresa Wagler: Sure, Sal. Hot roll was $124,000. Pickle and oil was $30,000. Cold roll $36,000. Hot roll galvanized $51,000. Cold roll galvanized $64,000. Tainage [ph] 49,000 and Gavaloon [ph] 17,000.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. On your CapEx guidance, it's slightly lower than what you had given us in December 12 press release. And I see the missing item is the $75 million on the iron ore mining project. Is that something you're delaying or is it something that's been pushed out into 2010?
Theresa Wagler: No. There's a $125 million, still expected for Mesabi Nugget and the mining would be part of that, $60 million, identified potential improvement projects if you intend to do that. But it wasn't 75. I think it's somewhere between 45, maybe 30 and 40, something like that. We've already spent 20 million of that in 2008.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: In 2009, the press releases that you put out on December 12 does mention 125 of Mesabi Nugget and some were separately 10 75 million for iron ore project.
Theresa Wagler: Out of 75, we spent 20 million or 22 million that's the exactly in 2008. We should have just updated that.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: Got you. Okay. On the pricing side, Keith, what are you seeing in the flat roll side right now?
Keith Busse: We prefer not to comment specifically about pricing, Sal, but would tell you that we think certainly, the bottoms have been achieved and right now today  I said I wouldn't comment, but I will to some extent. Flat roll is all over the place. I think the bottom is about $500 and the tops about 575 right now, current market conditions.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: And in terms of 
Keith Busse: That would be plus extras and what not, Sal. .
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: Okay, also any more comments? I know there are probably some comments on the accounts receivable, but anymore color on further risk to the counterparty risk in terms of some of your large buyers?
Theresa Wagler: Sal, I would say that we're very comfortable with where we're at from a reserve perspective. And even especially at the mills recycling side, we worked down some exposures we had. It's a very, very acceptable level. So we're very comfortable with where we're at today.
Salfarani  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Lagie [ph] with Jefferies & Company.
Brad Lagie : Hey, guys. With respect to the hedges that you guys have talked about in the previous quarter, can you talk about what hedges exist as we go into this quarter?
 Jefferies & Company: Hey, guys. With respect to the hedges that you guys have talked about in the previous quarter, can you talk about what hedges exist as we go into this quarter?
Theresa Wagler: We still have  the futures contracts related to copper positions that Mark mentioned earlier about in the fall or in September. We're into long-term sales contracts with very significant customers in mill recycling arena. And those futures contracts are for fixed volume contracts for 2009 and fixed pricing. We've got homes for the copper that will be delivered. It's a matter of when we'll be unwinding those futures. Mark?
Mark Millett: They imagine about 25 million pounds.
Brad Lagie : What price?
 Jefferies & Company: What price?
Mark Millett: They've been marked from an  let's say we'll provide.
Brad Lagie : Really I want to get a sense as to what the impacts going to be on the next few quarters earnings.
 Jefferies & Company: Really I want to get a sense as to what the impacts going to be on the next few quarters earnings.
Theresa Wagler: Actually, if you look at when the deliveries and the coppers supposed to take place during the first half of the year, we're seeing the market at today, is that we're going to be realizing the targeted margins that we anticipated back in the fall. That's why we entered into futures contracts and tried to protect that targeted margin. It'll be positive impact.
Keith Busse: I think throughout the course of '09, by the time you get to the end of '09, that all will have been unwound without any realized loss. That'll all come back to you and will be a zero.
Brad Lagie : Got it. And then I'll ask the bond guys question, are you guys able to, under your covenants or inclined to at this point think about using some of your debt reduction in open market repurchases of bonds?
 Jefferies & Company: Got it. And then I'll ask the bond guys question, are you guys able to, under your covenants or inclined to at this point think about using some of your debt reduction in open market repurchases of bonds?
Theresa Wagler: We are able to, and right now we're more focused on repaying our revolver and maintaining our liquidity and availability of funds until we see some more clarity in 2009 and see more strengthening in the credit markets themselves.
Brad Lagie : Thanks much, guys.
 Jefferies & Company: Thanks much, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Bakuni Ten [ph] with Bank of America Securities.
Bakuni Ten : Hi, good day, everybody.
 Bank of America Securities: Hi, good day, everybody.
Keith Busse: Hi, Ten.
Bakuni Ten : How are you doing, Keith?
 Bank of America Securities: How are you doing, Keith?
Keith Busse: Fine.
Bakuni Ten : Good. Just to clarify on the CapEx. The 250 to 275, that includes about $100 million of discretionary. So certainly in a tighter liquidity environment that 250 could be really 150 for the year?
 Bank of America Securities: Good. Just to clarify on the CapEx. The 250 to 275, that includes about $100 million of discretionary. So certainly in a tighter liquidity environment that 250 could be really 150 for the year?
Theresa Wagler: That's correct.
Bakuni Ten : Okay. And then just as far as working capital, it didn't seem like there's going to be a lot of movement over the next quarter or two, potentially you could ring some extra cash there, but can you just clarify over the next let's say two quarters? Do you expect a source or use of cash out of working cap?
 Bank of America Securities: Okay. And then just as far as working capital, it didn't seem like there's going to be a lot of movement over the next quarter or two, potentially you could ring some extra cash there, but can you just clarify over the next let's say two quarters? Do you expect a source or use of cash out of working cap?
Theresa Wagler: Out of working capital, in the first quarter, we could have  it's probably going to be net neutral pretty much in the first half of the year. As Keith mentioned earlier, if things don't turn around from a market perspective, we might bring some of the inventories down in scrap or we could be generating funds from working capital, but otherwise, we probably be building working capital but only slightly. I really see it as a neutral event.
Bakuni Ten : Okay. Then just lastly as far as your bank covenants go, I think the covenant test is a trailing four quarter calculation. So if you include the certainly weaker results in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, do you kind of get close to that covenant level as you look out toward the third quarter of '09 and kind of what are you doing proactively about that?
 Bank of America Securities: Okay. Then just lastly as far as your bank covenants go, I think the covenant test is a trailing four quarter calculation. So if you include the certainly weaker results in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, do you kind of get close to that covenant level as you look out toward the third quarter of '09 and kind of what are you doing proactively about that?
Theresa Wagler: Well, actually, where our current models show us, we're not getting close to that, it's a five time trailing EBITDA. The EBITDA is on an adjusted basis. So for an instance the unrealized loss associated with the hedging contracts are not included in that. That's actually a net neutral to the EBITDA or the trailing EBITDA. We're monitoring it very closely, but currently we don't see that's approaching us at all. There is also a three-time EBITDA covenant that has to do with dividend payments and share repurchases. But for the five time which can pass acceleration we're not concerned with that today.
Bakuni Ten : So no discussions with your bank group at this time and any, can you talk about any other potential avenues of liquidity that you may look into later in the year?
 Bank of America Securities: So no discussions with your bank group at this time and any, can you talk about any other potential avenues of liquidity that you may look into later in the year?
Theresa Wagler: Certainly, actually we're talking to our bank group all the time like most companies are I assume. We've been very fortunate to have a very strong group. So we do have the availability to go out and get high yield notes if we wish to. I believe the market would be there if we wish to. Again the current pricing isn't very attractive. There's availability of those funds. And we also have a negative fledge against our fixed assets. I believe it's 20% or 25% of those fixed assets. We have the ability within the credit agreement to go obtain financing on. So we also have that additional availability of funds.
Bakuni Ten : Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
 Bank of America Securities: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Hi, good morning. Want to talk about where you think your break even utilization might be. I know it's a tough question but if you could comment on that. And then specifically, wanted a little bit more color from Keith on how you think about the restarting of operations. You mentioned that you're able to react quite nimbly to any change in market conditions. What's a take for you to think about restarting some of your operations specifically?
Keith Busse: I would tell you, Timna, on a go-forward basis, the break even at flat rolled would be something south of 40% of our ability to operate. Somewhere between 35 and 40. We could still break even. Doesn't obviously, if every  if we broke even everywhere, we couldn't absorb some of the fixed costs at the corporate level. Amortization, charge per quarter, interest charge (inaudible) per quarter corporate overhead and things like that. But at the division level, from pretax income, including an interest allocation, to those operating ends, they can, they can, in today's pricing environment, probably still flow to profit north of 40%. And so break even somewhere south of that. And structural, it's probably not all that dissimilar. They can still generate a profit in the 40%  33% to 40% arena. So the two biggest operating units can operate well below 50% and still break even or make money. Engineered bars probably would be around 50% and small shapes is probably around 45% to 50%, best guess and at 45% or 50%, we lose a small amount of money at steel to West Virginia.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Okay, and then on the restart question please? What kind of thought process you go through or what kind of indicators would you need to see to restarting operations?
Keith Busse: Steady, steady influx of higher level of order entry. Backlog rising. At 30,000 tons a week order entry, we're only going to be able to operate, you can imagine, one caster. I guess you have to operate it for two or four, five weeks, you might be able to operate two casters for one week. It's that kind of an operating rate. So if order entry, if the trend line went from 30,000 tons a week to 40,000 tons and then to 50,000 tons we'd certainly more write-in almost immediately and start producing that material. So then you'd be in a situation where you're running 1.5 casters. We can turn them on and turn them off within hours, kind of thing. It's not within weeks kind of thing or within months. So we'd be very responsive simply set to order entry rate activity. The same really is true at every one of the operating divisions.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Thanks very much.
Operator: We will go next to Dave Katz with JP Morgan.
Dave Katz : Hi, most of my questions have been answered, but with regard to the working capital release, you talked about inventory and accounts receivable, but you haven't talked about accounts payable. I was hoping that you could go into little more detail there.
 JP Morgan: Hi, most of my questions have been answered, but with regard to the working capital release, you talked about inventory and accounts receivable, but you haven't talked about accounts payable. I was hoping that you could go into little more detail there.
Theresa Wagler: During the quarter, excuse me 
Keith Busse: During the quarter, accounts payable came down substantially and probably won't change a lot in this environment going forward. I have a number here for in a second.
Theresa Wagler: No, Keith's correct actually. During the quarter, accounts payable would have come down about 300 million to 400 million and going into the first quarter, we see that increasing just slightly, but then being fairly stable throughout 2009 actually based on current estimates. And not a lot of fluctuation.
Dave Katz : Okay and then with regard to the operating rate, you're saying that, if I understand correctly that you're looking for a 60% kind of capital utilization rate in first quarter, but the industry is running at a, kind of the mid-to-low 40s. I was just trying to kind of close the circle there between you and the rest of the industry wise, industry overall showing a lower rate than you are.
 JP Morgan: Okay and then with regard to the operating rate, you're saying that, if I understand correctly that you're looking for a 60% kind of capital utilization rate in first quarter, but the industry is running at a, kind of the mid-to-low 40s. I was just trying to kind of close the circle there between you and the rest of the industry wise, industry overall showing a lower rate than you are.
Keith Busse: That was just in flat rolled, 60%. We're probably going to operate at about 33% to 40%, best case in structural, and probably somewhere around 60% best case in engineered bars, 50% to 60%, same way with small shape. So the aggregate is something less than 60% for the quarter.
Dave Katz : Okay. Thank you very much.
 JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Keith Busse for any closing remarks.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Elizabeth. I don't really have any special prepared remarks other than I think all of us are glad the fourth quarter is behind us where you had severe drops in, in the price of raw materials and had to adjust to that climate as well as adjust our inventories to new standards. I think the worst of that is behind us and we're well positioned to move forward at this point in time in a difficult market and certainly hopeful that the markets will turn positive and improve slightly throughout the course of '09 but more to report later on. I want to thank everybody for continuing to support the company and follow the company and I hope we've been responsive to all of your questions in the past and know that we will be in the future. Thank you and we'll chat with everyone throughout the course of the quarter. Thank you. Bye now.
Operator: That does conclude today's Steel Dynamics fourth quarter 2008 conference call. We thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Busse - Chairman and CEO Richard Teets - President and COO, Steel Operations Mark Millett - President and COO, OmniSource Corporation Gary Heasley - EVP, Strategic Planning and Business Development; New Millennium Building Systems Theresa Wagler - CFO Fred Warner - Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michelle Applebaum - MAR Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities  Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company Dave Pett - JPMorgan David Lipschitz - Merrill Lynch Timna Tanners - UBS
Operator: Welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Operations; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation; Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Business Development; New Millennium Building Systems, Theresa Wagler, Chief Financial Officer; and Fred Warner, Manager of Investor Relations. For opening remarks, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Warner. 
Fred Warner: Welcome to today's Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast today, October 16, 2008, from Fort Wayne, Indiana. A replay of this call can be heard and downloaded as a podcast from our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Today's management discussion includes forward-looking statements. We caution that actual future results and events may differ materially from statements or projections that are made today.  You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements, by referring to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in other reports we file from time to time with the Commission. Specifically, please refer to those sections in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports entitled, forward-looking statements and risk factors. These reports that we file from time to time with the Commission are publicly available on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com.  After today's management discussions, we will open the call for questions from participants who have informed us they may wish to ask questions. Today's call will begin with remarks by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse: It is our pleasure to be with you this morning, and to highlight the operating results that Steel Dynamics had during the third quarter of 2008. I guess you saw in the announcement that our earnings per share, which as one of the key focuses was $0.98 per share, which was down about 8% sequentially from the $210 million or $1.05 per share that we reported in the second quarter. I think somewhere in the early morning press, I read in one of the research reports that was reported, it's a soft quarter. I would hardly say that it was a soft quarter, and that this was the second best quarter that Steel Dynamics has ever reported in its history.  So it was not the quarter we had hoped for, and I think in the body of this report we went on to offer as much information about the quarter and the uncertainties that face the steel community on a go-forward basis as we possibly could, as this press release was a little more detailed than many of the releases we've had.  One of the things we wanted to emphasize was the fact that our cost structure -- and I noticed that our friends in Nucor emphasized the same thing, and they are probably the only other company in this space that has a variable cost structure similar to Steel Dynamics. And they had excellent earnings results in the third quarter; and kudos to Nucor for that.  But our quarter could have been in my opinion a record quarter for the company. The principal miss, if you will, was really related to our scrap operating unit. In our prognostications of July of this year, we, as you could see from the operating segment data; OmniSource had a record third quarter, and that's in spite of a very nasty September.  No one that I know of, could have ever forecasted that scrap was going to take the sharp drop that it did in the late August/early September timeframe. I think people thought the market was going to come down somewhat, but I don't think anyone saw a $300 crash in the pricing of prime grades, it's just unanticipated.  So the earnings that we had forecast for September of this year were at the same pace of July and August. And obviously when you are buying material throughout the month of August that you are going to deliver to your clients in the month of September, and the price falls $300, there's going to be trauma during that period, and there was. As we reported, that had about a net of profit and net of tax is about a $0.12 effect on our earnings.  Of course, if you do the math there and add that back to $0.98, you end up with $1.10 or right about in the middle of the range. But I would remind many of you who are listening, who attended many of the fall conferences that we guided to the very, very low end of our announced July range. We generally don't correct those numbers even if we have visibility into them, if the miss is as narrow as this. So, I think we had a really good quarter.  When you look at the impact on the steel operating units, we missed our shipment a little bit in September in the structural division for a wide variety of reasons, couldn't get railcars, etcetera. Really wasn't that big of a deal, but obviously in the flat-rolled universe, we missed our shipment forecast in September considerably. There was some net effect of that probably on the order of magnitude of $0.05, $0.10 a share I would tell you. When you look at all these things collectively, had September been as advertised or as forecast and scrap not come down in this period, we might well have had a record quarter. That's the past, and we've tried to talk a little bit more about what's going to go on in the future, because I think that's what everyone is really concerned with today. You can read all the data about where our steel shipments were. They were 12% lower than the second quarter and that weakness is primarily flat-rolled and primarily September related. With regards to shipments in the merchant bar structural arena, they were either up to sideways kind of activity, and probably will remain fairly strong as we march forward through the fourth quarter, maybe off a little bit in the fourth quarter, but probably not materially from a long products perspective. OmniSource ferrous shipments were 1.8 million tons, which is up about 17% compared to the second quarter of '08, but of course, shipments are one thing and results are another. And as I said earlier, September was a difficult month for the recycling community in general, not just OmniSource. Iron Dynamics continued to operate well during the quarter and reported a very nice profit during the quarter. It should remain profitable, although the price it receives for its output does vary with market circumstances, so profitability may well [repressible]? Than the Iron Dynamics arena, but that's really not all that material to our results in the end. Wanted to point out that scrap yard inventories typically are three weeks maybe four weeks, sometimes two weeks, they're all over the map. So we had an impact in September and obviously with scrap prices falling substantially now in the month of October, there's going to be another sort of upside down effect or another tough, difficult month for recycling in the month of October, although we expect that their earnings will come back in the November, December timeframe. Of course, volumes of shipments could be lower because it's expected that demand for their products will be lower. But they should be back in a profitable zip code with normal margins and we would expect; anticipated further improvement in the first quarter of '09 and throughout the year '09.  I said in the release, that the bright side of all this is a significant drop in the cost of raw material inputs, and that's been very, very good for the steel business in general, from a cost of inputs perspective. We think in the fourth quarter that pricing and the volume of steel production shipments in that quarter will depend on the [tenure] of the market at any given point in time.  I think we wouldn't tell you anything any different than anybody else has. We're living hand-to-mouth in flat-rolled. We live from day to day to day to day from an order book perspective. It's altogether different in the long products business. We have still good backlogs there in Structural and a decent backlog in Bars and a decent backlog in the SBQ arena, and so on and so forth, and we would expect those businesses to continue to perform rather well on a go forward basis.  The issue will be Flat-Roll, and it's impossible to predict where we're at, although in our forecasting and modeling, we gave I guess the best signal we could. We expect our earnings to be about, about being the key word, half of what they were in the third quarter. But I would point out to you, if about means about half, then if you annualize that earnings rate, that still annualizes to or is equivalent to the second best year that Steel Dynamics has ever had at the very bottom of the trough. So we, as you know, we withdrew our guidance. I think that could have easily been achieved. We had the marketplace not literally fallen apart or imploded during the fourth quarter. You might ask is it the economy and is it demand? I think, we all can see that demand has considerably weakened in the commodity universe, if you want to call steel a commodity.  There are a lot of value added elements with regards to the steel products, but it clearly has weakened. But I don't know that it's weakened to the degree that that order entry reflects. I would guess that in our personal lives, we've looked at liquidity, and a lot of people turned the personal accounts and the cash fearing uncertainties in the marketplace. And I don't think that it's any different in the business universe, I think.  There are orders from headquarters out there, so to speak, to reduce inventories. Inventories at the end user level are probably at all-time record high prices and there are there are expectations in a recessionary period that prices will fall. People are cleaning house, turning inventories into cash, and they were already fairly low, and they are going to get lower as the buyers for some period of time continue to sit on their hands. But all is not lost, they will return. I can't tell whether they are going to return in November or they're going to return in December or return in January. They're certainly not going to return at 100% of level they were at. I saw some research this morning that would suggest that the industry may operate, it was suggested at a 75% to 80% level next year, this is due to economic circumstances.  I don't know that I have any quarrel with that, and I would tell you that's exactly what we modeled, essentially, is that kind of activity. It seems like all we're doing these days is modeling, modeling, modeling, but we've modeled any kind of scenario you can imagine from 75% of capacity to 40% of capacity. I don't think in our wildest dreams, we could ever imagine a situation where we kind of operated 40% of our capability, but it's kind of fun exercise of the model. And I might tell you, for those of you that fear harm to our earnings, that even at 40% in flat-rolled, operating level, even at 100,000 ton operating level, you can't drive Butler to a loss. I repeat; you can't drive Butler to a loss.  Now that statement is being made with the caveat that resource costs remain very soft. I can't imagine with an economy that soft, but we all think it's going to be, the resource costs are going to go up, they are just not. This may be a very bad year in the resource business. Probably going to be followed by a very good year in 2010 or if the economy turns in the spring of this year or mid-year, it's still possible that there could be very good returns in the resource arena. But if it remains as soft as it has been, resource costs are going to remain soft. And when they do, when you couple that with our conversion costs, I don't think there's anyone out there in this industry that can stay with us from a cost of production perspective, save only Nucor, whose culture is similar and whose variable cost structure is similar in nature to ours. I had breakfast with a gentleman this morning; who made an interesting observation. He said Keith, you guys may well actually perform better in a distressed economy than you do in a vibrant economy. I said that's probably true. I said in a vibrant economy, our resource costs tend to rise sharply and so do selling values. It's nice to be able to cherry pick the upper end of the market, and have the kind of great margins and $200 a ton operating profits we had.  But our best ability to compete is probably in a different zip code. When times are really, really tough and resource costs are tough, we can, and you've heard me say this. We can convert scrap metal or inputs into our furnaces from a flat-roll perspective, on a vanilla basis, $125 a ton.  On an alloyed basis, with the exotic kind of product we make, maybe $145 a ton kind of number. And loaded with the kitchen sink and including all of our corporate costs if you allocated it all to everyone, even though we do. Be mindful to everybody, when we talk about our pretax income at our operating units, it certainly includes depreciation and amortization and also includes interest charges.  When I said earlier, you can't cause Butler to lose money; that includes interest at a 100k level. So we have an awesome cost structure, it is variable, and I hope this recession doesn't last very long, but certainly when you think you've got resources in the $200 arena, the cost of inputs, and a conversion cost in the $125 to $140 arena, I don't think there's anybody out there that could make the claim we can, and I'll let you guys do all the math on the spreads.  I haven't seen any pundit prognostications that would suggest that hot [pans] are going back to $400. I haven't seen anything like that, and you haven't, either. I don't know where they are going to be. You can take the worst prognostications out there today in the pricing environment and couple that with that kind of (inaudible) knowledge that you are now armed with relative to cost to make an [hard] man and you can imagine that spreads could actually expand during that timeframe for Steel Dynamics, and results could actually get better. So, when we said in this report that it's not unreasonable, that we could a good year in '09, I think that's exactly right. It's not. We could actually have, and I wouldn't call where everybody's at in terms of looking at 2008. I'll let you be the judge. But what I read this morning, I wouldn't call those numbers.  So 2009, given the resource costs remained soft, and in this kind of business climate, I think they will. We could have a better year in '09 than we actually had in '08. It's not an unreasonable assumption. Nobody has a crystal ball, you can't look out that far. But I think, for all of those people that were panicked about what's happening to the selling [guy] and happening to volumes and what not. I think we are better girded to live through all that than almost anybody out there.  I think we have one of the best, if not the best cost structures. We have a good balance sheet, but certainly we don't have a balance sheet as strong as Nucor's, but for those of you who worry about things like that, we'll let Theresa address that, when she has an opportunity to speak with everyone here this morning. There's also been some early morning [press] about these guys operating costs or conversion costs were up. I don't think there's any way to measure that. There is just some errors in thinking out there. Our operating costs although higher than Butler's in other arenas by the sheer nature of business, wouldn't come anywhere close to the kind of number I was reading. I think the mix-up probably comes from somebody subtracting, taking an average selling value and subtracting an operating profit of $200 a ton and arriving at a cost structure and making all kinds of assumptions about what makes up that cost structure. Well, first of all that cost structure is dramatically affected by the likes of the taxes, where they purchased substrate, it's dramatically affected by value-added product, and we shipped more value-added products in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter or any quarter for that matter. We had more success in that arena.  It's not that simple of an exercise. If you make the wrong assumption on resource costs, you end up with a bad answer. Let me just say that from a cost of conversion perspective, I think we are in great shape. I don't think resource costs, unfortunately, they may go down again in the month of November, it likely will. I think there's huge amounts of scrap sitting around out there that didn't get taken off the shelf this month because demand activities at the mills, ours included, everyone's included, was very light. So you could see a further softening in that arena, and for those who like to think about things, dream about things like people going long in December and creating a panic in scrap, I don't think that's going to happen. We have no intention to go along, and it's not a plan. We are no different than metal management from execution perspective.  So I would tell you that although there might be an opportunity with changing circumstances for scrap to rise next year. I would, number one, hope we are not going to see the kind of volatility that we've seen, and number two, if the economy is as bad as some people think it might be, and everybodys operating rates are going to be down, then there's very little opportunity for scrap to rise.  I would tell you, our cost structure is just in great shape, as you measure it against any kind of pundit prognostications about where pricing may or may not go.  As I said in our press release, I think our shares adverb missing? , and I don't mind saying it, everybody's shares for that matter. You just can't believe what's happened to the steel community. If you talk about an oversold universal panic, and I think a lot of that has to do with the hedge funds or more kindly said, momentum stocks. When people bailed out of commodities, they bailed out with a lot of horsepower, and they've drove this thing to almost to a silly level, where I think yesterday we were below our actual book value. So I think the shares are just truly way, way oversold.  I'm going to let Dick talk a little bit about steel, Mark talk a little bit about scrap. We'll get into the Q and A. I do want to point out again that our operating profit in our steel operations was $200 a ton; not bad. Although I think the fourth quarter is going to be a dark quarter for everyone, I think we all have to just look through that.  I think the first quarter will be an improved quarter. Now, what does improved mean? I don't know. I would guess it's going to be better than the first quarter of '08, that's my thinking, and I think the year could be better than the year '08. But we'll wait and see, and we'll give you more guidance on that as time goes along, and we have a better view of it.  But a $200 operating profit is still one of the best in the industry today. I think our selling values were higher than the average [bearers]. I think our team has done a good job. I think our people are doing an excellent job. Need to remind all of you too that our employees suffer during times like this, because their income is tied, is variable in nature. And more of their [W2] earnings are related to bonuses, which they are not earning, than it is to base pay.  So there is everybody suffering here. It's kind of a share the pain time. But I think we're going to be back and back with great horsepower in the year '09, in spite of the fact that we may be facing a recessionary period. And I certainly hope it doesn't turn into a recession. I was a little disappointed last night as I listened to the debates that there wasn't more conversation about the impact on the presidential race of a candidate who might want to raise the capital gains tax rate. There is a lot of things that this economy in the world is dealing with; the housing crisis, the mortgage crisis, the financial crisis and Wall Street, China pulling back. There's a lot on everybody's mind.  But the infusion of capital in to the markets; I mean whether it's a bond market or the stock market and people's ability to earn a long-term capital gain on their investments is clearly one of the key engines that drive economic success in this country. I was disappointed candidates kept talking about marginal tax rates and whether or not there's going to be a rebate check for the poor and this and that.  I don't care whether you make $250,000 or $100 million, your 10 million, whatever the number is. If you earned it, you deserve to keep it. And redistributing the wealth is a bad idea and raising the capital gains rate is a horrible idea. So, I'll get off to my political views here, but we've got a lot of problems out there, including people selling short into markets. There is no time for short selling, and it just destroys value and causes fear and panic in a market where there it doesn't need to be fear and panic. So, having said all that, I'm going to turn it over to Dick for a few brief comments.
Richard Teets: Alright Keith, thank you very much. I'd like to just add a few comments about the steel operations, in addition to what Keith and the press release have already covered. At Butler, I'm proud to report that the Butler Division after having achieved the various status in the Voluntary Protection Program from (inaudible) disaster?. So their safety program is well underway to achieving star status. Butler is our first of our steel mills to participate in this program in the first steel producing facility in Indiana with melting and casting operations to achieve it. Butler is our major project that we have underway, with our expansion to produce 3 million tons a year and that involves replacing all four of our hard furnace [shell] with the deeper bottoms and taller side wall panels to allow for single charge opportunities, and we are in the process of finishing the first two furnaces and then we'll look at doing the other two when the equipment comes in. The fact that they have substantially improved the safety performance by reducing both the (inaudible) and loss time accidents; and I am very proud to say that the [next] Tech has achieved zero in both of those categories on a year-to-date status. Congratulations to everyone.  In the long products arena at Columbia City (inaudible), I'm happy to say the mill produced and shipped its 5 million ton since inception. Also, their safety performance was exemplary with two minor loss time accidents, achieved in over 330,000 man-hours worked. From a project perspective, they are number two rolling mill is up and running. We're staffing at five days a week, 24 hours a day, producing 8, 10, and 12-inch product. Continue to expand those products as we need to do our roll pass designs, cut the rolls and the guides. Also, the number (inaudible) is under construction. The building foundations are complete. The buildings steel is being erected and we're expecting equipment deliveries just after the first of the year with (inaudible) on that immediately follow.  At Roanoke, the productivity was an all-time high at record rates in spite of numerous projects that were underway, which tend to be somewhat disruptive. Projects there include a replacement to our guide [house] systems and also a scrap yard expansion to allow for more thorough inventory control.  In Pittsboro, all three quarters have been record shipments throughout the course of this year, with our third quarter being our best ever. Also productivity was a record in all the operating departments in the third quarter. Modifications to both the casters and the rolling mill are underway. We're finishing the foundations with two new rolling mill stands (inaudible) as we speak, and looking forward to the completion of those projects which will take our opportunity to produce to 750,000 tons of (inaudible).  Bar finishing continues to make inroads into the oil patch market. Highly engineered steel is a very high quality application, and we've been earning that business through high quality and delivery performance. At Steel of West Virginia, in spite of the decline in transportation markets they have been able to supplement their product mix serving other markets such as the RV and manufactured housing and merchant business.  Also, they have had record productivity in the number one rolling mill and the second highest quarterly productivity in number two mill in their history. So a very great performance there. Thank you so much. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks Dick. Mark, couple comments? 
Mark Millet: Yes. A special welcome to our employees that are listening in. I guess it certainly has been an interesting time to transition my responsibilities to the metal recycling side of our business. I take full responsibility in my two month short tenures for the $600 plunge in scrap pricing. Fortunately, I'm in good company to manage through the unprecedented times.  The OmniSource organization, both in the Midwest and the Southeast is full of talented, passionate, dedicated people with a deep understanding of the scrap business. We have assembled an excellent management team with broad operational and marketing backgrounds that will lead the company towards continued growth and success.  From an operational performance perspective; first scrap shipments for the quarter were approximately 1.6 million gross tons, 1.8 million net tons, 17% over the second quarter, and they increased principally due to the added contribution of Omni Southeast. Non-ferrous shipments were approximately 240 million pounds, a little down over the second quarter, like 5% down, from that prior quarter. As domestic steel production was curtailed through the quarter and export shipments diminished, scrap demand dropped abruptly resulting in that unprecedented drop of almost $300 per gross ton in August for prime grades for September delivery. As you can appreciate, margins were squeezed in September as scrap purchased at high prices flowed through the system, and with another dramatic drop of roughly $300 per gross ton in October, this margin squeeze will continue into the early part of the fourth quarter.  Nonetheless, inbound price has also dropped, as spreads should widen back to normality in November or December. I think significantly, the spread between [bushling] and shredded scrap has backed off from an over baked $290 per gross ton in July to a historically normal $20 to $30 in October. The supply and demand environment would suggest, as Keith also suggested that the scrap market will remain soft for some months ahead, although I think everyone has a clouded crystal ball right there and it's little difficult to define the exact supply-demand balance. There are many drivers at play. On the demand side, a significant reduction in domestic steel production, a transition of BOF charge, or scrap charge away from prime grades towards a larger percentage of secondary grades, lower export rates, mills trying to sustain cash, reducing their inventories and not buying, are all contributing to a reduced demand position. In contrast, supply is going to be curtailed somewhat by the reduced demand. It's going to be reduced by (inaudible) obviously scrap manifest by lower scale prices is going to reduce the flow. There's also a reduced flow of prime scrap from manufacturers and the automotive producers hit by the economy. Additionally, some scrap yards, they are holding high price scrap waiting for a rebound and all these things will constrain availability. I think no matter what the outcome, OmniSource is in a great position for any eventuality. Iron Dynamics continues to perform very, very well. It's surpassed all previous production and safety records. Q3 shipments totaled 70,000 net tons for a record $26 million pretax net income. I guess our vision, albeit perhaps several years premature, along with the patience and dedication of the team is finally paying off. So congratulations to all involved there.  Mesabi Nugget probably continues to go well. A lot of the infrastructure is in place. A lot of the buildings are being roofed in and should give us cover before the snow flies. [Permitting] is going very, very well. We had a great public hearing up there just recently. And we still intend to produce concentrate by the end of 2010. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks Mark. Theresa.
Theresa Wagler: Yes.
Keith Busse: Wait a minute. Before we get there Theresa; Gary, you want to tell us a little about the world of fabrication?
Gary Heasley: Sure. Recently I have had an expansion of my responsibilities to include now New Millennium and I've spent much of the last couple of weeks traveling around with a plan to meeting the team. Ill tell you it's an exciting thing to be part of this. It's a great team with great equipment, and we're very well-positioned out there. It's just great to be part of the team with Burt Holman and the rest of the folks at New Millennium.  As I said, the markets have been softening in the joist business for probably more than a year now. We've seen bookings slow considerably for the industry in the recent three or four months, with August being up off by 36% for bookings year-over-year. In the face of that, of course, we've completed the re-modernization, the modernization of all the plants that were acquired in 2006 as part of Roanoke Electric, when we acquired that company. And now we have the newest, most efficient plants in the country.  So we are very well-positioned there with a low cost structure. We have a very variable cost structure as does the rest of SDI, and so the seas may be a bit stormy, but the ship is well-positioned to sail through them. We are aggressively pursuing business, and very actively going out to look for new customers and to go through this tough time with the most aggressive position we can.  Certainly as we see these markets strengthen when they do come back, at some point in the future we will be very well positioned to earn great returns on these facilities. So that's all there is to talk about right now. Things are going as well as can be, and frankly we have been very impressed with the performance of this team in what has been a continually softening market. Keith.
Keith Busse: Thanks, Gary. I know there have been a lot of people that have had a lot of conversations about our balance sheet. It may not be as strong as Nucor's, but it's not in bad shape. Theresa would want to talk about that on CapEx and many other subjects if you care to elaborate on.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you, Steve. I'll just take a few minutes to discuss some of the quarter's highlights. To begin with I know everyone's interested in the mix of flat-rolled shipments.  During the quarter we shipped hot-rolled of 255,000 tons; pickled and oiled, 41,000 tons; cold-rolled at 34,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized 78,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized 55,000 tons; painted, 85,000 tons; and [galvanized] up 28,000 tons for a total of 576,000 tons.  Now on to some more specific balance sheet items. Our accounts receivable, days outstanding actually decreased during the third quarter to 45 days, and it's really consistent with prior periods, but between 90% and 95% of our accounts are current or less than 60 days outstanding.  We're monitoring and we always do the credit worthiness of our customer base very aggressively and we believe that our reserves are adequate. From a finished goods perspective, we remain at about 20% to 25% of our total inventory values being a part of finished goods. Scrap inventories actually increased somewhat from about 35% of our total inventories in the first quarter to between 40% and 45%. Keith suggested a significant amount of material is currently [staying] at the Flat Roll division and we expect to work through that throughout the remainder of 2008. We expect significant overall inventory balances to decrease through both decreases in volume and value through the fourth quarter.  Our working capital has increased about 400 million during the first nine months of this year, due to price and volume reductions we anticipate generating additional strong cash flow for reductions in working capital during the fourth quarter. From a capital investments perspective, for the first nine months of the year, we had investments of $116 million, $33 million of which was related to the structural division and the completion of the second rolling mill and the start of construction of the second caster, $27 million was related to our metals recycling operation, $27 million was also related to our Mesabi Nugget plant, and the remainder were other growth projects predominantly at the steel operations. For the fourth quarter, we're currently expecting to spend about $110 million on capital projects, and that would consist of about $10 million at the structural mill for the second caster, $15 million to $20 million at our metals recycling operation, $60 million to $65 million for the continued construction of the Mesabi Nugget plant, and then the remainder at our steel operations.  Regarding 2009, we typically don't give guidance this early for capital projects. We've tried to look in general at the various preliminary estimates, but currently we've identified about $100 million of projects in addition to approximately $70 million that would be spent on the completion of the second caster at the structural division during 2009, and approximately $200 million to $210 million of our investment at the Mesabi Nugget plant. For depreciation and amortization, we had $55 million during the quarter and we would anticipate this into the fourth quarter and throughout 2009. Our effective tax rate for the first six months of the year was 38%. We lowered the annual rate in the third quarter to 37.7%, as a result of reduction in our FIN-48 exposures, and this caused our third quarter's effective rate to be about 37.1%. From an interest expense perspective, the gross interest expenses for the quarter was $42 million, with an overall effective rate of 6.3%, and our capitalized interest for our construction projects was $5 million during the quarter. We would expect fourth quarter gross interest to be around $40 million.  From a share perspective, at the end of the quarter, we had just over 183 million shares outstanding. We issued 3.8 million shares during the quarter related to the final conversion of our 4% subordinated notes. We purchased 18.9 million shares during the quarter for about $439 million, and we would expect that fourth quarter diluted shares would be approximately between 183 million and 184 million shares.  Finally, I would like to address our liquidity position for just a few minutes. At the end of the quarter, we had $575 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. The facility is an $874 million facility, it matures July 2012, and it includes an accordion feature of about 250 million.  As a part of this credit facility, we also have a $584 million term loan A layer. This amortizes $65 million annually until maturity, and that again, then there's a (inaudible) that's payable in the mid-year of 2012. These payments are principally the only meaningful debt service requirements that we have.  Our current debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved from 2.5 times at the end of 2007 to 2.2 times at the end of the third quarter. We currently anticipate an even lower leveraged ratio at the end of 2008 based on where we believe the fourth quarter is going to result. Again, we believe this will drop back to levels that we experienced earlier in the year regarding our debt-to-equity ratio as well.  At the end of September, we had liquidity of approximately $350 million to $360 million between cash and revolver availability. Again, we plan to manage our strong cash flow in the fourth quarter and expect to increase our available funds through the coming months.  We continue to be easily in compliance with our covenant requirements, and we expect to remain well. We believe the reduction in our working capital and connection with our proven low-cost operating structure will drive significant cash flow generation. During the fourth quarter and into 2009, we intend to use free cash flow to repay borrowings on our revolver, as well as to fund capital projects, which are currently underway. Keith.
Keith Busse: Theresa, thank you. I think it's time to open it up to Q&A piece of the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we'll take our first question from Michelle Applebaum with MAR.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Hi, Good morning everyone.
Keith Busse: Good morning.
Richard Teets: Good morning.
Michelle Applebaum: First of all to your credit, for doing the very first conference call of this season; can't be easy. And I think withdrawing guidance at this point, specific EPS guidance is prudent. Theresa, you went through the cash flow very clearly, but I just wanted to be clear on it. And while I have no credit concerns, I wanted to go over some of those numbers. You are saying your maintenance level for CapEx is $70 million for '09 and $100 million of projects?
Theresa Wagler: No, that's not what I said. I'm sorry, let me clarify. I said that for 2009 currently which is very preliminary and I wouldn't call it maintenance CapEx, I would say we've identified projects of $100 million for 2009 in addition to the $70 million which we would need to complete the second caster at that structural mill, and in addition to the $200 million to $210 million that we'll invest for the completion of the Mesabi Nugget plant. So the total is I think somewhere between $350 million and $375 million.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: So does the 100 include maintenance level?
Theresa Wagler: Yes.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Okay. And in terms of these items, I presume the $70 million you are locked into, and the 210 you are locked into. Is there a discretion on the 100?
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Okay. How much of that will be discretionary?
Theresa Wagler: Well, we are just going through our capital budgeting process right now, Michelle, and the ongoing project that we mentioned, even there's much of the equipment and Dick can speak to that. So I would suggest that probably that $70 million we've talked about from the second caster perspective, we will spend. Mesabi Nugget as well we have commitments, they are outstanding.
Keith Busse: She is talking about the $100 million.
Theresa Wagler: Right, the $100 million has not been committed to yet. We are still talking about those projects.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Okay.
Keith Busse: There's some good projects in there, Michelle. Lacking more visibility, half of it, roughly.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Okay. And Theresa, you say you're in good shape with your covenants.
Theresa Wagler: Perhaps.
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Can you get a little bit more specific and tell us, how much leeway you have in terms of those covenants, because I know you're pretty far away from any of your tests, but can you give us some specifics?
Theresa Wagler: Yes, certainly. Our most restrictive covenant is in our senior secured revolver, and it's five times EBITDA covenant. And actually were playing with that little a bit Mitchell. And even if we werent -- and I'm not suggesting this at all, and Keith is probably going to jump across the table at me, but even if we weren't to make any money at all in the fourth quarter, but we were still to make our capital projects, we would still be easily in compliance with that covenant. All throughout 2009, I can't think of a dire enough situation where we wouldn't easily be in compliance with that covenant. 
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: And that's your buyback covenant, dividend covenant, the 25 million? 
Theresa Wagler: No; the most restrictive covenant that we have is five times EBITDA. We have a restricted payments covenant, and all that does is limit our ability to pay dividend to a maximum of $25 million a quarter, or to have share buybacks. 
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: So that's an irrelevant covenant. 
Theresa Wagler: That covenant is actually 3.5 times. 
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: It's irrelevant because your dividends are below that right now. And I presume you're not buying back shares, correct? 
Theresa Wagler: Correct. 
Michelle Applebaum - MAR: Okay. Great. Thank you for the granularity. Im sorry to make you go through a worst-case scenario, but we need to hear that, I need to hear that. Thank you. 
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kuni Chen with Banc of America Securities.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning everybody.
Keith Busse: Hey, Kuni.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Don't have any good words of encouragement for you, except to say, hang in there. Obviously not pretty on our side of the business either. Just on the operational side, can you give us a little bit of color on how many shifts you're running right now at Butler, Pittsboro and Columbia City, and kind of where you see that going over the next couple of weeks?
Keith Busse: We're running round the clock pretty much at every long products operating facility. We're bouncing around between all shifts, and you might say in two shifts, operating only one caster out of our two casters at the current time.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: At the Butler facility?
Keith Busse: At the Butler facility.
Richard Teets: The only place we have a real curtailment, a little bit at The Techs and we pulled maintenance ahead. And also at Steel of West Virginia we are on our number two mill. Number one mill is running flat out full time. The Merchant mill actually is doing quite well and having record productivity per hour. But we have some layoffs in effect currently on the number two mill.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Thanks.
Keith Busse: That's the Steel of West Virginia.
Richard Teets: That's Steel of West Virginia.
Keith Busse: We couldn't run both casters right now if we wanted to, because we pulled the maintenance project up and it's ongoing right now, the modification. The one battery is complete and the second battery is in the process. So, we probably could return to running both casters until -- 
Richard Teets: We have another 10 days to go until the south furnace battery is complete.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So I should not extrapolate that, Butler is going to run at 50% for the fourth quarter.
Keith Busse: I wouldn't say that. I think it could well run at that rate in October, because of the maintenance and upgrade activity, but I wouldn't tell you. I think that the buying community will start to come back into the market here as inventories drop below untenable levels that can sustain even recessionary OEM type activity.  So, I couldn't tell you what to model for November and December. I can only tell you, I think we modeled about 60% or thereabouts is what we modeled, which is more than one caster. Now, we don't see any pull-back in long products operating activity in the fourth quarter, and generating pretty good earnings there. Butler's earnings will go backward, obviously, in the fourth quarter, to be expected when you are running at that rate, but true to form, they will be profitable, which verifies what I have been telling everyone about the variable cost structure.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just with the drop in scrap that we have seen and the impact there on OmniSource, obviously October is another tough month; November, I think you indicated you expect scrap to be down again; and then kind of no visibility on December. Are you profitable at these levels, at least near term, given the sharp downward moves in scrap?
Keith Busse: I think you're at just at breakeven kind of scenario on October, probably making a reduced level profitability in November, because I don't think it will be as a sharper drop as we've seen. It couldn't be at zero at that point in time with the margins expanding in December. Mark, do you have any different thoughts or add to that?
Mark Millet: (inaudible) 
Keith Busse: Okay.
Mark Millet: We certainly don't think that the drop in November is going to be anything close to the financial [cost]. 
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Right, and I think that's fair. Okay and then just one last question. Just on the balance sheets, there's [$1.04] billion of intangible assets and goodwill. Can you just walk us through kind of the year-end test to determine whether there's an impairment situation there or not?
Theresa Wagler: We don't currently anticipate any impairment calculation for the impact for goodwill or intangible assets. We are currently in the process of finalizing the valuation for recycled [steel]. It currently has just north of $200 million identified as goodwill and $140 million to $150 million identified as intangible assets, and we do not believe those to be impaired.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: I guess the question is kind of, what would trigger you to take a closer look at your assumptions there.
Theresa Wagler: Well, we have take a close look every year. We do that throughout the year for the OmniSource operations that takes place in October. But again, we don't expect anything to have an impairment issue for them because you look out into the future and you look at discounted cash flows, etcetera. Its a pretty complex calculation. And for [Recycle] South, we'll look at that again next fall. And for our Roanoke acquisitions, we look at that at the end of the year. And again, we don't expect any impairment to take place.
Kuni Chen - Banc of America Securities: Okay, fair enough. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brett Levy with Jefferies & Company.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: Hey guys, just to be clear, theres no word from your banks making you decide not to buy bonds or not to buy stock at this point. This is just you guys being prudent?
Keith Busse: That's correct.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: And then with respect to the five times EBITDA covenant; does that mean you're going to have five times EBITDA to interest, over what period? What's the numerator or the denominator associated with EBITDA with five times?
Theresa Wagler: With five times the EBITDA is a trailing [LTM] on a pro forma basis, and the debt that's associated with it or any outstanding letters of credit of which we tend to have anywhere between $15 million and 20 million, which also decreases the availability on the revolver. And then all of our senior debt and our -- currently we have a little bit; I think 60 million or 70 million of unsecured coordinated debt.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: Okay, got it. Planned outages for the fourth quarter?
Keith Busse: Butler will continue to make our modifications to the arc furnaces. We do not have any plans to take the rolling mill down through the fourth quarter. At Columbia City, we do have an outage coming up in November, which is normally about a five day outage to do repairs, normal customary repairs. Mostly to the reheat furnace and the rolling mills. We are going to replace our machine and mill housings and replace the liners on the mill. At Roanoke, again I think November 14 we'll take the arc furnace down to make a bearing change on the [slue] for the roof and mast assembly. But again, we're building inventory of billets as we speak and therefore the rolling mill will not go down in the fourth quarter for anything other than normal and customary maintenance.  Pittsboro, we haven't decided yet. Right now, we don't have any need to take it down. We have some project work that could be accomplished, should we have unexpected breakdown or so. But to keep on-schedule with our expansion, we can either do the projects this quarter or next quarter, that's to be decided. And we don't have any major, we have an outage coming in Steel of West Virginia, but nothing out of the ordinary, all planned and scheduled.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: And last question. You guys continue the expansion into acquisition of scrap dealers and also your kind of longer term plan to build another sheet mill. I assume both of those are on, (inaudible) conditions improved?
Keith Busse: I think most of the expansion we are going to be doing in the resource arena will be greenfield in nature. And there's nothing near term there. But as you look further out in time throughout the course of next 12 to 18 months, we have two and a half shredders in the box so to speak, sitting there on the shelf. So it's not a CapEx type thing. It's a matter of geography and the suitable site and things of that nature; very modest capital expenditures. I think most of it will be greenfield in nature. As to the new Flat-Rolled mill, we expect to generate excellent earnings next year, as I said, or have another outstanding year. But you have to understand, equipment deliveries there, we are not going to stop engineering this mill. I think it's an important new future project for the company and deliveries are out 30 months. That's two-and-a-half years from now. I don't know what the world's going to look like then.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: So you are still moving forward, but not spending a lot there?
Keith Busse: No, there's basically zero expenditures, other than some early engineering activity.
Theresa Wagler: We've not committed any dollars yet.
Brett Levy - Jefferies & Company: Theresa, gentlemen, thanks very much.
Keith Busse: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from [Dave Pett] with JPMorgan.
Dave Pett - JPMorgan: Alright, some of my questions have already been answered, but I was hoping for a little more clarification. I understand you are saying that you are not engaged in any share buybacks at present, but do you anticipate maintaining that policy throughout the recession?
Keith Busse: Well, I don't think there's that many shares you can consider, and at the price where they are, I don't know that it's material one way or another, but it's an accurate statement that we are not currently engaged. So we'll just let the statement go with that.
Dave Pett - JPMorgan: Okay. Then you had just answered Brett's question about acquisitions. But with leverage falling in the fourth quarter aided by the working capital release, you guys have a leverage target that you are planning to move towards and that would I guess overwhelm any plans to do acquisitions or anything that might come up, or is it more you will take it as it comes?
Keith Busse: We have no significant acquisitions right now on the drawing board, and really, the only one we're looking at is a new flat-rolled mill. And as I said, that's 30 months off. We have no current resource acquisitions, non-greenfield on the board. And so our activity relative to M&A forecasting for next year is next to nothing.
Dave Pett - JPMorgan: So then throughout the recessionary period do you anticipate using cash to pay down the revolver and then to hold down balance sheet for a conservative sake?
Keith Busse: That's exactly right. And I don't know that Theresa quantified where she brought a revolver D by the year end, but it's going to be down significantly from where it's at.
Dave Pett - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And well take our next question from David Lipschitz with Merrill Lynch.
David Lipschitz - Merrill Lynch: Good morning everybody. Question in terms of what your customers are saying with regard to imported prices, whether it be from China or elsewhere? What are they seeing? Are they ordering from them yet as prices have fallen precipitously down there and freight rates have fallen. So what are you seeing from that front?
Keith Busse: I think there's a lot of anxiety out there. I don't see any buying going on there. I mean, people were not 30 days ago waving around $900 import steel, but I think the buyers recognize that's dangerous, uncharted territory. I think they do expect that given the level of economic activity that prices could regress. And we all know they have; they're not $1100 anymore, and exactly where they are I don't know if anybody knows, but I don't see the imports being a major influence, a pretty dangerous territory, especially when you are looking at many mills armed with cost structures, like they have.  I think we could be very cost effective at keeping them out of our hair, anyway. But, where is the market going, I don't know. You can read about as easily as I can. I have no idea. But, the prices are not down to the levels that the pundits indicate they will be at in the future. I have no crystal ball as to whether or not they will ever go there or how long it will take to get there.
David Lipschitz - Merrill Lynch: We hear from the economists about the commercial end market is starting to weaken and things like that. I mean, are you worried that just in terms you are saying that they're not going to come back next month, they could come back in January? I mean, is there a possibility you think they might not come back till June of next year in terms of those end markets?
Keith Busse: No, I don't know if and when they're going to come back. We will deal them as we have to deal with them. But, I think, the end markets are probably not as bad off as the order entry rate. I think people are trying to work down inventories. I think when they get down there; let's just say our economy is chugging along at 80% of what it was. That would be a pretty terrible drop. We've a lot of steel to be purchased in this country, and I think we're in as good a shape as anybody to provide it.  I think these guys right now are just working off. I think the shipping rate that is in there -- ordering down rate, right now, as they work off more expensive inventories in an effort to better weather whatever storm is out there themselves.
David Lipschitz - Merrill Lynch: One more final question. I mean, could we go back to '04, '05 levels in terms of that earnings level, in terms of pricing, and if that's continues to fallen to the level out here, in terms of historical spreads? Could we get back to those levels? I think you're worried about where your share prices really. 
Richard Teets: You can't make a case, I mean that bad. If we have any semblance of an operating rig whatsoever, as I said, with soft scrap prices you be the judge of where pricing could be. I am not going engage in could it go back to '04 or '05, you can read as well I can or people think it could down too. That's a pretty nasty prediction in and of itself. But with that we'd the broadest margins we've had.  So I think we are just in great shape. I can't predict where the end price is going to go. I could just tell you we and the likes of the Nucor's of this world who have variable cost structures are going to be in awfully good shape no matter what the climate is out there.
David Lipschitz - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, good morning and thanks for the great detail.
Keith Busse: Welcome, Timna.
Timna Tanners - UBS: I just wanted to do an exercise maybe similar to the lines of the last question. Keith, can you talk to us about what's different from the 2001 to 2003 scenario? Not so much from the economy, but from where Steel Dynamics is positioned? But certainly as you point out, it's very difficult to imagine a scenario where Steel Dynamics loses money, but your EBITDA per ton at that time was average say $75. So what have you done as a company to position yourself differently into a downturn? Can you just talk us through that, please?
Keith Busse: Well, I think we clearly. [Call Ends Abruptly]

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa E. Wagler - VP and CFO Mark D. Millet - EVP, President, and COO for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources Richard Teets, Jr. - EVP, President, and COO for Steel Shapes and Building Products Keith E. Busse - Chairman and CE
Analysts: Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management Eric Glover - Canaccord Adams Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley Timna Tanners - UBS Robert Richard - Longbow Research Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to today's Steel Dynamics Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark D. Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources, Richard Teets Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Shapes and Building Products, Theresa Lagler, Chief Financial Officer, Gary Heasley, Strategic Planning and Business Development. And for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Theresa Wagler. Please go ahead.
Theresa E. Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Audrey. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call being held today, July 22, 2008. A replay of this call can be heard and downloaded as a podcast from our website at steeldynamics.com. Today's management discussion includes forward-looking statements. We caution that actual results and events may differ materially from statements or projections that are made today. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to the section on Risk Factors and our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in other reports we file from time to time with the Commission. These reports are publicly available on the Steel Dynamics website as well as the SEC website at sec.gov. After today's management discussion, we will open the call for questions. Today's call will begin with remarks by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse. Keith?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning, ladies and Gentlemen. It's a nice sunshiney day here in Fort Wayne, Indiana and we had some nice sunshiney earnings to report to all of you. Although I would note with a degree of levity that last week, when one of our favorite competitors had sunshine earnings to report, that the market had kind of a rainy day. We should hope that won't happen two times in a row. But with that being said, as you can see from our press release, our earnings were $1.05 per diluted share, up significantly over our revised forecast for the quarter. And I might tell you that our performance in June was extraordinarily strong in the Recycling and in the Steel segments of our business, giving us this nice pleasant surprise, if you will. But earnings were up sequentially 48%, quarter-over-quarter from the $.72 that we reported in the first quarter. As you look at comparing our sales for the second quarter against traditional comparisons of the second quarter of the previous year, net sales had increased to 164% from 911 million to 2.4 billion and net income increased 124% from 94 to 210 million. I think one of the more interesting things we noted was that the results for the first half of '08 were net sales of 4.3 billion and net income of 353 million, nearly matching full year 2007 sales and income results. The first half obviously benefited from the acquisitions of The Techs which performed very well during the quarter, OmniSource and Recycle South. We had excellent earnings from our Steel Operations. Second quarter net shipments were 1.5 million tons, and were, even without The Techs, were up 10% over where they were in the second quarter of '07. A lot of that growth coming in the Flat Rolled segment, Flat Rolled was a little weak throughout '07. I don't have to remind all of you of that. And it was up nicely this year throughout the year. As with regard to steel scrap and scrap substitutes, we just had excellent results from the Omni organization compared with the first quarter. Second quarter ferrous shipments of 1.5 million tons were up 8% and non-ferrous shipments of 254 million pounds were up 6%. OmniSource, as I said, reported higher than expected earnings in the quarter. I would also like to report that the Recycle South unit is functioning very well. Had they been a member for our family for the entire quarter, we would have had rather strong, very positive results as well. Some of that activity, as it's reported in other income, is in Page 2 of our release under scrap and scrap substitute operations, where we note that $14 million, which was Omni's 25% ownership share, was reported in other income, not in operating income. That will obviously change on a go-forward basis and will reflect 100% of those results. So the Recycle South earnings from 100% perspective were only in our platform for really just a couple weeks. They're in there for almost three weeks but given the nature of shipping in that industry where it's done on an FOB delivery basis, we had to really exclude on a one-time basis the results, you might say for the last week of the quarter, from our reported activity. So we continue to see very, very positive -- we believe we'll continue to see very positive results from our recycling operations on a go forward basis. Iron Dynamics ran very, very well during the quarter, providing 51,000 metric tons of pig iron, most of which was liquid I might report, and the progress is I'm sure Mark Millett will deliver to you -- was very good at Mesabi Nugget as well. For those of you to keep track of scrap also on the second page, we also noted scrap was up approximately $144 in the quarter. Quarter-over-quarter for those of you that track statistics against competitors, one might ask the question why were your results little higher than the other fell as on a change basis or others in the industry, and that's because a greater proportion of our melt mix is in Flat Rolled products where the differential between the obsolete grades which used to be 20, 30, $40 a ton is now $300 a ton and there for, that we saw -- and that happened, that spread basically happened during the quarter which elevated our input costs into our furnaces at Butler, Indiana. So, not to worry, our scrap costs are in very good shape versus our competitors. I still think we have the very strongest position as regard to the input cost to our furnaces throughout the company. We also noted that the Steel Dynamics foundation was created during the quarter. Our Board had authorized this activity some time ago and that activity began in this quarter and we made a $15 million contribution to that foundation. That foundation will support local communities served by the company, not just of course in the Fort Wayne area. We also went out to talk about in our press release the fact that our results were going to be in the $1.05-$1.15 range in the third quarter. All I can tell you about that is that I would steer you towards the center of the road there, as I usually do. It would be certainly our best guess at this point in time. We probably are going to see a slight decline in Steel and scrap shipments during the quarter, even though the results in recycling are going to be very, very strong during the quarter and a lot of that is due to mill outages that we have that others have and consumer provider industrial outages in July and August. As regard, recycling on a go forward basis, I suspect our scrap cost could be up another $100 a ton based on recent activity in the recycling community or in the purchase of ferrous goods, and -- but then again, I would also tell you that I think the market right now for obsolete grades of scrap is going to decline. And they're at historic highs and the spread as I noted between obsolete and prime is at record levels, but the flows are very, very good and absent, there's sort of a lull in activity on the export front, if you will, and that's probably going to cause the obsolete grades where the flows are very, very good to decline somewhat. I think it's anybody's guess as to how much, there are people saying sideways there are -- I've heard some people venture a guess could be at $100 a ton, 50, 25, I don't really know. The market certainly will tell us that answer on a go forward basis but I would guess the obsolete grades are going to be off somewhat as we look at material to be laid down during the August time frame. Prop grades remain rather tight although I will note with the American axle strike having ended and the outages in the automotive sector and other sectors over with for the Summer , I think we'll start to see more flow in the prop grades and I can't pre-predict where prices are going to go, but I think they certainly are plateau at the level where they are at and could back up somewhat. I think if -- it should be noted if obsolete scrap backs up at all, it's really not going to impact margins as most of that is on a surcharge type basis. I would also tell you that it wouldn't affect margins dramatically in recycling, as scale prices for OmniSource and others would probably be adjusted to reflect any changes in the market. So I'm really not concerned about margin impacts at all of obsolete scrap. Obviously flat wears is not tied to the surcharge mechanism to any great degree, at least it's not in our house and therefore, if the prop grades were to regress somewhat, it might actually offer an opportunity to see margins improve on a go forward basis. As we look throughout the year, again, we see a really good third quarter, pretty darn good fourth quarter, although it's just way too early to have clarity relative to market conditions later in the year, but I don't really see them changing. The import activity is muted and I don't know of anyone that sees an enormous change in that area. The economy is perhaps steering on the edge of a recession and I can't pre-predict recovery, but with the lack of export activity especially from a Flat Rolled perspective even with the weaker economy, I really don't see prices changing a heck of a lot on a go-forward basis and they may actually go up. So it's too early to tell relative to the fourth quarter but all of collectively caused us to change our outlook, if you will, for the full year, to a range of $3.80 to $3.90. I think industry fundamentals are just -- are very, very strong and I know that so often commodities has impacted the steel community. I've never really regarded the products reproduced as a true commodity and I think demand remains very, very strong in most every segment of our business. In the Flat Rolled arena, our backlogs are not out all that far, but that's the way it's been all year long. It's kind of -- inventories are low, with prices being high, I think service centers are not carrying huge amounts of inventory with prices being high. Credit exposure is stressed and some people don't have the credit to carry higher levels of inventories. So I think there's a lot of comfort with ordering month in and month out or week in and week out and we see the flow of order activity is very good. I think we're going to see growth in steel making in the second half of the year, as our new steel mill at Columbia City comes online and Dick will speak to that a little later in time. We're certainly experiencing greater output at Butler. Things are -- that mill is running very, very well these days, as is Columbia City, and as is Roanoke, as is Engineered Bar Products. We have very strong backlogs in shapes and Dick will speak to that issue in just a few minutes. So I think the US steel industry is well positioned, certainly from a domestic perspective and is globally competitive. I think conditions are going to continue or persist. And I think SDI is excellently positioned from a recycling perspective and from mill activity perspective to have not only a strong second half of the year but a very strong '09, as I think the industry will. From a Steel Operations perspective, as we look at Page 2 of our earnings release, we did -- there's some things to note in there, that our operating income was $206 per ton. I believe that's an all-time company record showing that margins did truly expand during the quarter. And would also note that the second quarter's average selling price was $1,011, fairly high by comparison to the first quarter of 08, and I think far -- perhaps a little stronger than some of our competition. But again, that's a tie directly to our scrap costs went up a little more because the inputs to Butler are mainly prompt industrial material. Likewise, our selling prices for that very same reason are likely to be a little higher. So very strong steel results, expect them to continue. Very strong scrap results as you can see and we expect those to continue. The operating income for the segment was $86 million. We think that will grow sharply during Q3 and as I said earlier, Recycle South will -- they're doing just a great job down there. And that activity will continue. We did purchase the assets of Sturgis Iron and Metal during the quarter. And they have seven operations that will be reopened. And hopefully, we'll see some activity and some positive results in Q3 from the reopening of those facilities. The steel fabricating margins were -- continue to be under some stress. Although we're about finished with all of our repositioning of that business platform, and our new Lake City operation is running extremely well as is Butler and we're sort of just getting under way at -- in the South at Florence and Salem. But we think second quarter or third quarter results could actually improve somewhat over second quarter, even though the market for products of that [inaudible] nature are still fairly flat, reflecting the economic conditions that exist in the marketplace. So that's really what I have to report this morning. I think it's a very good report. Mr. Millett is on vacation in Wyoming. But he is on the air and we're going to turn the call over to Mark and let him give you an update on our Flat Rolled Steel making activities, Iron Dynamics, Mesabi Nugget, etcetera. Mark, are you there?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Yeah, I'm here. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Keith. I just have a few brief comments, I guess, to emphasize some of Keith's thoughts. Certainly clear that the Flat Rolled division had an absolutely outstanding quarter. Steel shipments were up 22% over the second quarter of last year. Facilitated in part by a strong order book, which in light of efficient scheduling, perhaps more significantly , and some design issues that related to a prior cast and modifications are now fully resolved allowing the fill to mill to fully exploit the new production capability. Record production rates have clearly demonstrated our ability to achieve the expected 3 million ton annualized operating rate that we have previously advertised. I think it should be emphasized this record operating performance was achieved accident free. The Butler mill was also successful in attaining OSHA VPP status which is a partnership with OSHA to actually partner and have OSHA come into the facility. I believe we're the only steel mill, Steel making operation in Indiana to achieve this status and I think only one of three steel mills in the country, so, the team has done an outstanding job from a safety perspective. As Keith mentioned The Techs continue to execute superbly through the quarter. They benefited from record operating rates and a very strong order book, particularly in the next light gauge product line. The team has done a phenomenal job there. From a market perspective, I think we remained confident that a combination of the strong global pricing environment, high global steel making costs, cost of the ocean freight and the weak dollar will limit steel imports and continue to promote steel exports, thereby keeping the domestic market steel short. Our customers steel procurement is kind of become somewhat hand them out as their credit positions and desire to speculate have diminished given the high transactional values right there, but nonetheless order entry rates remain very firm and steady allowing us to maintain our strategy for a 30- 40 day backlog. Iron Dynamics, again, superb quarter. The folks there have made substantial progress towards consistent operation and have controlled costs by substituting iron concentrate with mill scale for iron concentrate. They produced as Keith suggested I think about 51 thousand metric tons of liquid iron, which substantially reduced our dependence on imported pig iron. With imported pig iron now delivering to NOLA for roughly $900 -- $920 a gross ton, and a product or production cost for the liquid iron at $400 to $450 a ton, Iron Dynamics obviously made a significant contribution to our quarter. Finally, Mesabi Nugget as Keith mentioned, construction is under way, equipment procurement is proceeding well and we should be able to maintain our start up target for Q3 of 2009. Keith?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, thank you. Thank you for noting the excellent performance in Iron Dynamics. I think that's the first time in history we've had a significant return on asset dollars deployed that's a notable event. Dick, I'd like to turn it over to you.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Again, I think the shapes mills would like to congratulate Butler on their accident free performance in the prior quarter and we strive to, I know Pittsboro has also done extremely well there and the rest of us are attempting gain the same performance. At Columbia City, congratulations go out to the melting and casting departments as both of the quarter, both June as well as May were records and so it was about a record quarter so it was tremendous performance over there. I think as Keith noted the most important news is that the second mill is ready to get started over at Columbia City, the medium section mill. We did have a mechanical failure on a component during cold commissioning, and we do have both the supplier as well as ourselves pursuing repairs and we have contracted with the machine shops and heat treatment facilities and we'll have those parts I believe by the end of this week and so we are looking to roll our first beams before the end of this month. So it's a much awaited activity. And lastly, about Columbia City, I do get questions usually about the backlog and I told Keith this morning that our backlog, I looked at to a versus a year ago and it's within a few thousand tons of the performance it was then, so there's no concern from a structural perspective. Pittsboro, also congratulations go out to the rolling mill as they have set production records for both quarter's so far in 2008. There will be an outage in the rolling mill scheduled for August this quarter to install the foundations from the two new mill stands as well as begin construction in a critical path for the furnace upgrade, but all components are in order, or delivered and we're working towards that upgrade in capacity. I do think it's noteworthy to mention that we recently set a record in percentages of SVQ shipments to total shipments. I think this reflects the confidence of our customers, the experience of our team to produce quality products and our willingness of both customers and SDI to strike equitable partnerships in light of the unprecedented scrap and alloy Markets. As far as Roanoke gets, we would handout our maintenance outage there in late April and early May and installed the new Oxy-fuel burners in the EAF and did other production enhancing and cost reducing equipment installations and we are realizing improved melting production on a daily basis. It's really doing well. We did achieve a finished Steel shipment record this quarter and continue to look to the third quarter for good bar as well as Billett shipments. As far as Steel of West Virginia is, they performed well in spite of cyclically weak transportation sector or the truck/trail -- market remains in a trough but the Steel West Virginia team has shifted its production to serve other Markets producing I-beam, Channels, wide flange beams and the RV market. This performance has been really noteworthy that in spite of the product mix adjustments we've set great performances in the rolling mills include number one mill has been rolling at a record pace. And lastly, as Keith mentioned our New Millennium Building Systems continues to see a weak market due to the downturn in residential construction. And while we've rationalized our production in response to that market, we have seen production records set at a couple of our facilities. So there is good things happening at our manufacturing and fabricating group. Keith?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dick. We've already reported on the scrap segment but -- and I would tell you that for those of you who noted the fact, we had departures on the part of certain members of the upper management team at OmniSource. We have a very, very strong team at Omni. The -- some very fine young assets there that were doing all of the heavy lifting have stepped right up to the plate. We've got our new org chart about worked out and there are going to be promotional opportunities for people that have performed well. So we're very pleased with the results over there. They received excellent guidance from their former management team. And I think the new regime that will be responsible for results going forward is just going to be brilliant. So we're excited about the future in recycling. We would also like to report that Recycle South has a very strong management team. We've gotten to know them. We're really very happy they're part of our family and look forward to long and prosperous relationship. That's really all I have to report there. I'd like to now turn it over to Theresa Wagler for her comments.
Theresa E. Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Also in just a few minutes, I'll highlight some additional financial assets for the quarter. Beginning with working capital, not a surprised to anyone, our working capital did grow this quarter. Accounts receivable increased $211 million excluding the acquisition of Recycle South. I'm happy to report though that we still have, consistent with the first quarter, approximately 95% of those receivables are less than 60 days outstanding. We are watching our customer's credit very closely, as most companies are, and we're very confident with where we see them today. From an inventory perspective, we increased 227 million, excluding the acquisition of Recycle South. We actually increased in value but our volumes in raw materials and in finished goods decreased. It was just the increase in the value of the inventories themselves. We're still currently turning at most of our facilities inventories about once a month, which is very good. So, from a capital expenditure standpoint, we spent $101 million during the quarter and $195 million for year-to-date. About 60% to 65% of that has been spent on growth projects at our steel operations. For the second half of 2008, we're expecting about 200 million of additional capital expenditures. That relates to the completion of our second rolling mill at the structural and rail division. That includes about 90 million to be spent on the Mesabi Nugget project yet this year, approximately 45 million on some projects at our scrap resource arena and approximately $10 million at IDI. From a depreciation and amortization standpoint, for the quarter, we had had 48 million. For the remainder of 2008, we expect to have between 50 and 55 million of depreciation and amortization a quarter. We also had an increase in goodwill and intangibles of just over 400 million in the quarter. That's related specifically to our very preliminary estimates for Recycle South. That will be further refined during the quarter and we'll be able to report more definitively on the third quarter earnings call and where the results end up. From a tax rate perspective we have 38% effective tax rate in the quarter. That seems to be a good rate for the remainder of 2008 as well. From a liquidity standpoint, after issuing approximately 500 million of senior notes in April, which are due 2016, and we have approximately 201 million outstanding on a revolver, our leverage is currently just over two times or about 54% on a long -- net long term capitalization ratio basis. Gross interest expense for the quarter was 41 million, capital -- capitalized interest was 5.5 million. I would model approximately 40 million a quarter for the remainder of 2008 on a growth interest basis. Our share data, we have 190 million shares outstanding at June 30 and we have remaining converts of approximately 3.8 million shares. During the quarter, we had about 5 million shares issued through the turn-in of some of our converts. We also issued 3.9 million for the acquisition of Recycle South. I would use 204 to 205 million outstanding shares on a diluted basis for estimates for Q3 and Q4. On an export basis, we actually have approximately $122 million of product in the quarter. That's about 5% of our total sales. About 45-50% of that was actually in the scrap arena and that was non-ferrous export to Asia. And finally, in conclusion, for some specifics related to our Flat Rolled shipments. For Q2, we shipped 337,000 tons of hot rolled, 43,000 tons of pickle and oil, 49,000 tons of cold rolled, 101,000 tons of hot rolled galvanized, 78,0000 tons of cold rolled galvanized, 72,000 tons of painted products and 26,000 tons of Galvalume for a total of 706,000 tons. With that Keith I'll pass it back to you.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Theresa. I don't really have anything to add. Audrey it's probably time to open this up to the Q&A component of the conference call. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Oh, hi, hey, Keith?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mark. Good morning.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: How you doing?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm doing quite well, yourself?
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well, I'm hanging in there, but congratulations. It's a great quarter, great results. I missed. Could you go over the scrap outlook again as you're seeing it right now? I mean, we've got this very unusual diversion between prompt and industrial material and can you talk a little bit about how you see those two coming backing together or if you see them coming back together?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that obsolete grades almost traded in sympathy with the move in industrial grades last month. Flows were awfully strong. They still remain strong, in light of the fact that some of the export buyers are sitting on the sidelines at these prices, I can understand that. We may have some overhang there and obsolete prices may back up whether or not the prop grades which are still very tight back up in sympathy so to speak, or because the flows increase, so, I think that's greater likelihood in time that as we work our way through the summer outages and the American Axle strike ending, even though we have a rather weak economy, flows should improve somewhat and maybe take a little pressure off of that. I'm just, -- Mark, I don't know how we could have predicted $300 spread, and therefore I can't really tell you to what degree it's going to narrow, but I think it will narrow over the course of time, but I don't have a crystal ball that big.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, is it fair for us to think about the spread as something, especially because of your -- now what over what, 55% of your mix is Flat Rolled? I mean, you've got a lot of prop material, maybe a little higher mix than some of your other competitor's in the electrical furnace arena. And is that something that probably is hitting you to a greater extent or constraining your margins or is that something that's actually been a positive because of surcharge pass throughs? I am trying to understand how to think about that?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On obsolete, it is surchargeable, the margins don't change a lot whether it's going up or down and Flat Rolled there is not quite to tie to the surcharge arena which opens up opportunities or it can hit you over the head with a broom so to speak on the other side, but I really think that pricing is a reflection of market conditions and the lack of imports and resource costs and alloy costs and energy costs and there is less connectivity there, if you will.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that the good news is as I noted, if you look at our average selling values, they were very high, which again is driven by the very thing you talked about, 55% of it is -- of our Steel making mix is Flat Rolled. So it has a little bit of a negative quarter-over-quarter change impact on scrap, but an awfully positive quarter-over-quarter impact on margins. So I think the market is going to remain fairly firm going forward and as I said, if prop scrap were to decline, it's a margin improvement opportunity actually.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And that's because there is not so much direct connectivity in the global environment is very important determinant of pricing. Is that the way to look at it?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think it probably is a way to look at it. I think the other thing that I would like to note is that we're now a year or so away from Mesabi Nugget and we will have certainly a greater preponderance of our inputs going into our furnaces in the Flat Rolled side that are virgin materials as opposed to where we are today. So with the effective cost structure of Nugget, I mean, Nugget is going to make a lot of money simply said, but at the same time, the input costs I think at Butler could well improve. We wouldn't be quite as dependent on the wild swings of the industrial goods marketplace from a recycling perspective. Then again, I'd tell you Mark, the margins don't change a lot from recycling perspective on industrial goods. They tend to remain in the same arena no matter what the shipping level is, but I think -- so if the index goes down, they buy cheaper and obviously allows them to sell cheaper and to the client community. And we're a client, so I hope that helped clarify all of it.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, that's good. Do you have an update on the concentrate supply for Mesabi and is there anything new as far as the permitting process for the mining side of that operation?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think Mark is still on the air. We'll let him comment on that.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Yeah, Mark.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, Mark.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Good morning. Mark, the State of Minnesota has appointed a very, very, very good project engineer to the monitoring process for the mine. So we're very confident that the permits should be received probably December of next year, allowing the start of the mine probably end of 2010, early 2011.
Mark Parr - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: So that's -- and again, given the normal caveats that, it's an environmental permit and there could be public opinion come into that. But we're very, very confident. The State of Minnesota is behind the project. The mine is a Greenfield site -- Greenfield facility. So we're confident in that. Concentrate for the interim period between Q3 of next year to end of 2010, we're negotiating that with several parties as we speak.
Mark Parr - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, terrific. Thanks for the update and congratulations on the great results.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Super, thanks.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Thanks Mark.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Wayne Atwell with Pontis Capital Management.
Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management: Thank you, and congratulations on a great quarter.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Thanks, Wayne, been a while since we've talked.
Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management: Yeah, it's been awhile. A couple of quick questions. My understanding is Russia and Kazakhstan, or maybe it's Russia and one of the other former Soviet Union countries are limiting exports of scrap. Is that right? Is anybody else limiting scrap exports and is that impacting the market at all?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's mostly, what we refer to as the old Soviet Block and mainly Russia.
Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management: I think it's the Ukraine possibly, but is -- anyone else there might.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's both, Russia proper and the Ukraine. I think they are -- I don't want to say they're hoarding scrap. I think they see a brighter future for electric art furnace steel making and they are now -- they're blocking free market activity on that commodity at this point in time, which is one of the things I think the new -- there's a new group that's been formed that's a little incensed by all that kind of activity and lobbying for change in that regard. They aren't lobbying to constrict scrap exports out of this country, but rather to operate on a level playing field globally.
Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management: And if we could look at exports of your product, I assume you didn't export very much and could you explain how much exported, in sort of the tone of the market and why you are or not exporting?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The -- on the recycling side, Recycle South does export some material. They have a port at Wilmington. And I really don't know the exact activity level in that regard, but our recycling exports are not huge. The export activity on the steel making side is -- we just don't do a lot from our Flat Rolled facility in Butler. As you know, we're kind of landlocked. I think there are certainly opportunities for other steel makers out there to export which helps the domestic cause, if you will, in light of a weakened economy. The -- but from an STQ perspective, we are exporting.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Both ours and global, Keith.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Dick.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Just because, they both ours [inaudible] and as we export to and mostly to Europe, and Scandinavia and so we do a bit of our business, single digit percentage wise but it continues to grow. And I know that Columbia City is looking at opportunities as well as Salem, West Virginia currently.
Wayne Atwell - Pontis Capital Management: Great. Thank you.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Wayne. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll hear from Eric Glover with Canaccord Adams.
Eric Glover - Canaccord Adams: Good morning.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Good morning.
Eric Glover - Canaccord Adams: You had mentioned that obsolete scrap prices might decline in the near term. I'm just wondering whether you think this is typical normal seasonality, at this point?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Well, obviously, as you come off of a -- specially in the northern hemisphere, if you will, of this country, you come off of a strong winter. The flows do start to pick up throughout the spring. And at these kind of prices, it's still gaining momentum. So there's a lot of activity out there. Very, very strong market for obsolete grades. I don't have to tell anyone that. So the flows are very, very good but if the export opportunities -- if the traders or brokers are sitting on the sideline or buyers are sitting on the sideline and having a temporary hiatus, it could strain that market a little bit, in terms what do we -- take back and stack it all up in the yard. So I would expect to see softening in the obsolete grades for August delivery. As I said earlier, I don't have a Crystal ball that can tell you to what degree. It could be anywhere from very little to a little bit more. But I don't think it's going to be a major transition in pricing but I don't think it's going to be up and up and up, if you understand.
Eric Glover - Canaccord Adams: Sure. So if we look toward the end of the year, when supply of scrap might start getting tighter because of weather, do you think that obsolete could see another leg up at that point? Or do you think that the prices have pretty much peaked for now?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Well, I don't have a Crystal ball that goes out to the first of the year. We all know that wintertime activity is somewhat constricted. And you might see obsolete make some gains during the winter months. I think during the summer months here and early fall, with good weather and the pricing being where it's at, you're going to see very good flow.
Eric Glover - Canaccord Adams: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Uh-huh.
Operator: We'll move on to Evan Kurtz with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning, gentlemen, a great quarter.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Thank you.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Just going back a couple of quarters, you had mentioned that you had high inventories of pig iron and if you actually got some good performance out of Iron Dynamics you might be able to make it all the way to the start up of Mesabi Nugget without having to purchase any significant amounts of pig iron. Just wondering if you can give us an update on where you stand with pig iron inventories and if you still think you can possibly make it all the way to 3Q '09?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We believe for the most part we can make it. We're going to have to buy a little pig iron and the markets recently have come off $30 - $40 I believe from their recent highs at NOLA. There may be a buying opportunity, but we are not going to need to buy a lot of pig.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Good to hear. And just one other question. In your press release you talked in your outlook about expecting a strong global Steel demand picture next year. I was wondering if you could just kind of talk about that a little bit, maybe give some rationale behind your outlook?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Well, I think one of our Directors is a former Executive on the European continent, and indicates to us that our business conditions are fairly strong over there yet, while I think, we think they're rather robust in Asia and given selling opportunities being by comparison better than sales exports to the U.S. I think you're going to see a limited amount of import activity continue here in the states and I think that's probably welcome news, given the economic conditions that prevail in the country with demand being off somewhat, but awfully strong match at this point in time. We still even with the announced expansions out there probably are only going to as I said earlier produce 107 million tons or thereabouts of material this year for shipment and a fair chunk of that is going to go offshore with excellent export opportunities for domestic producers and when you net that off the 107, pick a figure, and then add back the import activity that's still out there today, I think you come up with a picture that supply may be a bit short as the demand -- as weak as demand is, so I think the market conditions are going to be strong on a go forward basis for Flat Rolled products which is the main imported component of steals that are imported into this country. And I think as you heard Dick report, we have very strong backlogs in shapes. We have a strong backlog at Roanoke, we have a strong backlog in SBQ bars and a strong backlog remains in wide flange beams. So I don't think that's going to be threatened by import activity any time soon. So I think we're going to really see some pretty strong results on a go forward basis. Obviously if imports were to surge dramatically, if the dollar strengthened dramatically and imports surged dramatically because of overseas market conditions or better opportunities, then that could change the picture somewhat. But I just don't see that, right now I don't see the dollar strengthening other than perhaps trading opportunities in the near term. I think giving us a pretty positive outlook for North America.
Evan Kurtz - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Just a couple of questions. One is I just wanted to ask you what you're seeing on the September price increase, apparently announced by some people between $40 and $60 a ton, how successful is that? Is that you think solid demand or just tight supply conditions, and is that to fill some holes in the order book we're seeing near term?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Mark answer that. I think we're not out to September yet. We're most of the way through August, and Mark you want to address that question?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Yeah, well, to your point, Keith, our strategy, Timna, for probably the last year and a half is to keep a very, very tight hold on our backlogs. So, we're currently just filling out August currently. So we would anticipate going out in September at an up value. What that will be right the second, we shall see.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Are you hearing major holes in order books or are you seeing decent demand continuing or activity?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: As I suggested earlier, we're seeing just steady, consistent order rates. The credit position's of our customers is certainly under pressure given the transactional values. No one at these values want to speculate on a position. So literally, the tandem that people have shift, literally converting an order because they are getting an order before they are placing the order with us.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Sure.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the thing is consistent activity. We make 50,000 - 55,000 tons a week, whatever and we have order entry at that level and it just continues to flow and go forward.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay. You have a great chart on your website showing shipments by market in 2006. But I was wondering how much of that might be service centers versus some of the OEMs and direct end market demand?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: On the sheet side of our business, probably 85% of our Butler output goes into service center or distributors and at The Techs are probably more like 60% to OEMs, 40% service centers.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: And only in the shapes, probably 85% of our Butler output goes into service center distributors and The Techs are probably more like 60% to OEMs, 40% to service centers.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: And only in the shapes divisions, out of those only Pittsburgh has a higher OEM rate than that because both the Structural mill as well as Roanoke are highly dependent upon the service center market, Steel of West Virginia also has a OEM position, but mostly service center in the volumes.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great. And then the final question is, certainly in your release, you talked about the outlook and further expansion in growth and you've had had a good track record there. But wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on the hint here that you have of continued growth that's contemplated going forward, if you can give us an idea of what kind of things you're looking at whether it be scrap or whether it be more capacity, Greenfield acquisitions, kind of where your head is right now?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are looking at other recycling opportunities. We're going to see growth in steel making from the capital expenditures that have been deployed and/or announced for some time. We are currently in the early engineering stages at looking at a new Flat Rolled opportunity.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Bob Richard with Longbow Research.
Robert Richard - Longbow Research: Good morning, and thanks for taking our call.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert Richard - Longbow Research: Keith, how come your scrap output is pretty much going to trade? Can you remind us on what the mix is of your scrap sales to trade are? Is it maybe a break down between prime and non-prime or obsolete scrap?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I don't have that figure, but I will say this. The consumption which was in the 40% area, internal consumption of recycled materials will probably drop back into the 30s and with the impact of Recycle South could go even south of that. So we won't -- we always thought we would be in the 25 to 33 or 35% arena. I think the reason our percentage of consumption in-house was up this quarter is reflective of the tight market for prompt resources which given the opportunities in the Flat Rolled market caused us to take a little greater percentage of the industrial output that the Omni organization generates each and every month. But I see that -- I see that percentage of internally consumed scrap going down slightly as we move forward quarter-to-quarter.
Robert Richard - Longbow Research: And what you sell right now to trades are -- is that roughly half prime, half obsolete or?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know the answer to that, Bob. That's not a question I've been asked and I'll be better prepared next time. But I would guess it's probably just as you said. Probably about half and half. But I don't have a firm grip on that.
Robert Richard - Longbow Research: Okay, appreciate that and one follow-up. Your comment, Keith, on June being outstanding. Was that driven more by mill performance or market base?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was both. The mill performance, the operating activity at Butler was very, very strong in the month of June. Good market -- good commercial activity, but strong output as well, and higher than contemplated shipments and the recycling divisions just continued at a very, very strong pace. One of the strongest they've had in quite a while. So we're pleased by the results of June.
Robert Richard - Longbow Research: Okay, thanks for that color and great quarter.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Brett Levy with Jeffries & Company.
Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company: Hi, guys. You said you're in the engineering phases. I know that you talked about once you got Iron Dynamics and Mesabi Nugget up and running. You were potentially considering going to the West Coast. Is that something still very much in the mix for you guys?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: I'd probably think more East of the Mississippi River, than I would, west of it at this point in time yet.
Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company: And considering in the sheet market?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Yes.
Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company: Got it. Given the tightness in the beam market now and foreseeable in the plate market as well. Any thoughts in either of those zip codes?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: We have not looked at plate opportunities. Not to say we won't. It's been discussed but we haven't seriously looked at it. We could look at that market segment in time. We are growing our capacity at Pittsburgh and SBQ bars. And we're about ready to have perhaps another million tons of wide flange capability coming online. So even though the market is tight, we're going to be in the throws of start up of new activity there. It won't be all that impact full in '08 because the ramp up curve will be a typical ramp up curve.
Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company: Got it. And then in terms of additional future investments obviously we've heard about new core's plan continue to ramp up pig iron capacity. Is that something that you guys would consider as well?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think if Nugget works out, as well as we believe it will, from the pilot facility activity. We would see an immediate expansion of number of batteries up on the iron range, given the market climate, the demand for low residual resources. I'd tell you if the number one battery works as well as expected, I wouldn't expect just one more battery, I would expect perhaps two and three more batteries to be launched, putting us I think in a very, very favorable position versus our competition in the virgin iron arena if you will.
Brett Levy - Jefferies and Company: Thanks very much, guys, great quarter.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We'll now hear from Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: Good morning.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chuck.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: Hi. I'd like to talk a bit about the Mesabi Nugget. Because you had, or somebody in your shop had talked about, maybe having cost of product of about 250, I'm assuming that was at the plant and I'd really like to get a little bit better information as to the cost delivered to Butler per ton of the product and whether you have an updated capital cost.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll let Mark answer that question. I think obvious -- it's obvious that production costs, given the market per concentrate and what not and cost of natural gas, might have moved forward just a little bit, or higher, but not significantly. Mark?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Yeah. Good morning, Chuck. I think the -- given the natural gas and more importantly coal, that 250 number is probably drifted up to 300, or thereabouts. And that assumes the use of our own concentrate coming out of our mine. Capital costs still remains in -- the total project cost is about $235 million. That maybe impacted a little bit by construction cost but I don't see at this moment in time anyway, that being too far off the line.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: How bad does the need to buy concentrate affect your cost structure?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: On a fully loaded basis, we'll probably be producing or supplying concentrate to Mesabi Nugget in the order of about $45. The actual operating cost of the concentrate will be roughly $22. So obviously if you would have to purchase concentrate in the open market, there's a appreciateable difference there.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: And the freight cost to Butler?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: We're negotiating that right now, Chuck. We would envision somewhere between -- well I don't want to give you the cost really because we're negotiating it. But let's just say it's between $30 to $35 a ton.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: Of course with pig iron, even down only maybe $30, you're still north of 900 delivered to Butler.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Well, currently, transaction prices, NOLA, let's just say they're in the 900 region. Freight currently from NOLA to Butler is $45, so you're right.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: But you compare costs of delivery even if it's 350, I mean this thing is going to be making back at capital costs in less than a year. Would that be a fair statement?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At these levels that would be a fair statement.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Suffice it to say we're pretty excited about it.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: By comparing this technology to glass furnace technology, how much of them advantage do you think you have especially if the glass furnace guy has to bring in pellets at over 150 a ton?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: That is something I haven't studied since we put the initial product performance together about a year and a half ago. I think it all depends on where that integrated mill is getting its Coke, whether they're self-sufficient or whatever, but I do believe Mesabi Nugget should be $50 to $100 better off.
Charles Bradford - Soleil-Bradford Research: That's what I was trying to get. Well thank you very much.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chuck.
Operator: Before we move on, [Operator Instructions]. And now we'll hear from Aldo Mazzaferro with Goldman Sachs.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Hi, Keith, how are you?
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm fine Aldo, yourself?
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: I am fine. Following along with Chuck's question, I know the Mesabi Nugget looks extremely exciting and a question along the same lines regarding Iron Dynamics. I am wondering the 51,000 tons that you delivered to the Butler shop during the quarter, is that anywhere close to the capacity of Iron Dynamics or what would you rate the capacity to be of Iron Dynamics?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Aldo, we would hope to get a consistent 20,000 metric tons of liquid pig iron over to the furnace at Butler, at that moment in time, we're probably peeking at.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: That's monthly, right?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: That's monthly, yeah. 20,000 a month.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: And then Mark, I you look at the -- I mean, you did really two things in the quarter. You got the --
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Aldo, you should note that that's liquid. I mean if you were to produce bricks, it would be more than that. We used to produce a lot of HBI, and very little liquid, but the liquid is desirable. And 20,000 tons of liquid is probably as Mark said getting close to capacity. At one point in time we had hoped to do 25 but we haven't gotten there yet.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Right, but it's the liquid that really boosts the output from the furnace, right? From the Butler furnace?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Correct.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: And I am wondering, if you were to break down what you did, you had the Caster modification which I am sure helped the throughput and now assuming you can get the 20,000 liquid from IDI, what do you think the output of Butler could be if you assume excluding the outage you are talking about coming up, I mean, if you had a full run rate and a full quarter with full Iron Dynamics, what do you think you could do in Butler?
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Well, we certainly can do the 3 million ton annualized rate.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Hey Aldo, you got to remember, this is Teets . But you have remember that Butler is completely coupled together between the Caster and the hot mill and so just if they had an opportunity to even do better in the melt shop area, you still have your constraints based on size going through all the way to the rolling mill whereas the shapes Mills all have a disconnect there.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Our product portfolio out as you know, we try and focus on the value add.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Right.
Mark D. Millet - Executive Vice President, President, and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: And on the hot end side we want to get into the high strength, low alloy very light gauge products and as such, as Dick said, the rolling mill itself is probably going to peg out in the 3.1 million ton range.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, just roughly, Aldo, if it's 60,000 tons a week or will be in that arena times 50 weeks, I mean it's a pretty good way to just think about it.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Right. Well, thanks, Keith. Tremendous quarter. Really tremendous. Thanks.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude today's question and answer session. At this time I would like to turn the conference over back to the presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Keith E. Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Audrey, thank you. We don't have any additional remarks. We'll continue to work diligently on behalf of the shareholder, and want to thank all of our employees for just an incredible quarter. Excellent performance. What a great team we have. 600 members strong now and hard to believe that we've grown that big that fast. But there are more growth opportunities ahead of us and look forward to sharing news on them in the future, thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner - IR Manager Keith Busse - Chairman and CEO Mark Millett - EVP, President and COO for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources Richard Teets, Jr. - EVP, President and COO for Steel Shapes and Building Products Danny Rifkin - EVP, Metals Recycling; President and COO, OmniSource Corporation Theresa Wagler - VP and CFO
Analysts: Timna Tanners - UBS Chris Olin - Cleveland Research Company Bob Richard - Longbow Research Brian Yu - Citigroup John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets Nate Carruthers - Michelle Applebaum Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Millett, President and Chief Operating Officer, Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources; Richard Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer, Steel Shapes and Building Products; Daniel Rifkin, President and COO of Recycling segment; Theresa Wagler, Chief Financial Officer; Gary Heasley, Strategic Planning and Business Development; and Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. For opening remarks, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner. Please go ahead, sir.
Fred Warner - Investor Relations Manager: Welcome to today's Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast, April 22nd, 2008 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. A replay of this call will be heard... can be heard and downloaded as a podcast from our website, www.steeldynamics.com. Now, I will read a cautionary statement about some of the information to beat the stuff in today's conference call. Today's management discussion includes forward-looking statements. We caution that actual future results and events may differ materially from statements or projections that are made today. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements by referring to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K thats filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other reports we file from time to time with the Commission. Specifically, please refer to those sections in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports entitled, "Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors." These reports that we file from time to time with the Commission are publicly available on the SEC website and on our website, steeldynamics.com. After today's management discussion, we will open the call for questions from participants who have informed us they may wish to ask questions. We will begin with remarks by SDI's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Fred. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us this morning. As the headlines of our press release read, SDI had record sales and earnings for the first quarter of 2008. To say that it was a very good quarter would be an understatement, it was an excellent quarter at least from our perspective and for those of you who still look at the earnings through the eyes on a pre-split basis it was $1.44 whereas our guidance... revised guidance was $1.25 to $1.30, but we've found continued strength throughout the quarter, especially in the Flat-rolled segment of our business. Our net income, when you measure it against the first quarter of '07, increased 40%, and our net sales more than doubled to $1.9 billion. More meaningful comparison to the first quarter would have our net income up 46% with net sales increasing 31%. I think, we are starting to see the impact... very positive impact from certain acquisitions, Roanoke has certainly been tucked in for quite a long time, but Roanoke continues to just have outstanding results throughout their entire unit. And so we are pleased with the integration of that asset. I think, we certainly saw the effects of the Techs acquisition; in this kind of a market, very positive results from Techs, has been a very good integration and I would tell you the integration is about complete, spirits are high, new incentive programs are in place and these guys are delivering record performances and [inaudible] for all those of you on this call listening in from the text. OmniSource had a terrific quarter, probably going to have a terrific year and I will let Danny Rifkin share more of that good news with you and all of the all of the results from all of the operating segments saved only building products were just really very, very strong. As you can see in the second paragraph of our news release, our steel shipments were 1.6 million tons, that's up about 11% and a fairly significant increase. Our mills are all running fairly well. A couple of them faced minor outages here in the second quarter, two, three days type outages, which would drag shipping volume down in the affected months. But that's all baked into the forecast that you saw us provide in this press release. We should mention that the OminSource was accretive to earnings by about $0.09 per share, fairly significant number. I think on a go-forward basis, we believe they will continue to be accretive. And therefore, it's not a subject we are going to discuss in any great depth on an ongoing basis. The Recycling division is experiencing very strong demand with ferrous scrap. A lot of drivers for that, currency will be one of them. Exports are at probably record levels at a time when certainly in the Upper Midwest, we had a pretty rough winter. We have to question the issue of global warning as you look it through the eyes of our winter anyway, it was pretty rough winter and the flow of scrap probably slowed a little bit during the winter over its normal flow levels. It was also impacted by American Axle strike, demand for automobiles, construction market demand, etcetera, etcetera. So a lot of drivers for some pretty strong demand for Ferrous and Non-ferrous Resources, which Danny can highlight a little bit later on during the conversation. Our outlook is really fairly positive as we go forward as you could read. I think, scrap... I think Mr. Daneyko [ph] in his comments last week was fairly spot on when he said, he thought there would be some moderation in the cost of Recycle or Ferrous Resources on a go-forward basis, but he couldn't predict exactly when; certainly demand right now, today is still fairly strong. So any moderation could be a month or two away but likely to occur. At some point in time, as flows continue to increase and I think the flows into the scrap recycling yards all across America have dramatically improved as we move into spring. But with the continued weak dollar and world market pricing being equal to or greater than domestic prices, its not likely that prices are going to abate all that much if any. You could see a situation where pricing may have reached a peak number, it may not; I mean I just don't have a crystal ball that big. But I see no reason for it to recede other than demand dropping off rather dramatically in the recessionary environment that we are all experiencing and that our customers are experiencing. And so therefore the customers have improved and are fine with all of this but their inventories are out somewhat, I think people are generally speaking buying on a month-to-month basis. But when and I think credit is an issue, one used to be able to buy two apples for the price of one, credit becomes an issue and becomes a driver and how much inventory you can carry, how much inventories theyve all sagged on a go-forward basis from where they are today. We don't expect to see imports change throughout the course of the year all that much and clearly shipments are down as seen through the eyes of our customers but with this much steel being exported today, the situation is really no different than scrap, the weak dollars is causing record imports of finished steels out of this country to other points of destination. So when you consider the capacity that the industry enjoys today minus the rate of export shipping activity and add back to that finished steel imports probably running at a 15 million to 20 million ton level, youre short. In spite of a recession, I dont think demand is backed up to that level, demand used to be in the probably low-to-mid 130 million ton arena and even though the capacity of the industry is perhaps above 110 million tons, generally it doesnt run and is not capable of running at that level. So it may well run in 106, 107, 108 if we may well export 12 million tons and when you connect the exports against the actual run rates and add back to that 15, 16, 17 million tons of import activity, it only leaves you at 110 million tons of supply trying to beat something north of that in terms of demand, demand really all have slipped from 130-some million tons back to the high teens. But we are still probably left... probably look at it being still short for some period of time and I don't know of anyone that thinks imports are going to pick up significantly, other than people could become desperate for supply and could go abroad or, okay, well be fed up with the pricing environment that exists here, and may well go off abroad for other reasons. But I don't think there's a likelihood of huge import activity impacting the market in the next quarter or two. So as I said in paragraph 5, our outlook is fairly positive on a go-forward basis. We did take a stab at the earnings in the second quarter, forecasting $0.80 to $0.90. We've hit the middle of the road, that's up about 18% over first quarter, which would be another fairly significant increase in earnings activity. And it will certainly set us on a course to approach $6 a share on an old basis and $3 a share on a new basis although we are not trying to prognosticate out that far, we've commented on it in the past, I don't see that thats changed much at all in our eyes. Steel operations, going to the second page, remain SDI's largest segment representing 58% of the first quarter net sales activity. We, as I said, shipped about 1.6 million tons during the first quarter and had net sales activity of $1.3 billion as it relates to steel operations alone. So it was a fairly good quarter. Operating profit, I don't think that was a record, Fred, I ask you that question. But I don't think $148 a ton was a record operating profit although a fairly high level of activity as you look back historically. Selling values for steel operations, the average price was $782, an increase of $72 a ton from $710 reported in the fourth quarter and an increase of $136 from a year-ago activity. Scrap costs increased about $50 per ton, I noted that compared very closely with the increase that some of our competitors had, about $50 on a quarter-over-quarter comparison. As I said, scrap division was fairly strong, Danny will comment on that, Mark will comment on our activities in the Mesabi Nugget that we are proceeding well as I understand it, were on target for the start up of Nugget next year and as you can imagine with today's pricing activity that exists in the marketplace, the spread between the cost of production and the selling value of that material is going to be rather significant. As I said earlier, our Ferrous scrap shipments were very high during the quarter, Non-ferrous activity remains fairly strong as well. Steel Fabrication, probably the weakest length at this point in time although coming out of the winter hopefully into a little bit better period from an activity perspective, spring and summer. The second quarter tends to be a little better than the first quarter, but depending on economic circumstances, there could be still a rather weak quarter although I noted in our press release that we that we that weve just about finished rebuilding the three Roanoke facilities that were in need of being rebuilt and reconfigured and they have broader capability and lower cost structure. So with an improving construction market, we will have to see downstream improved earnings. I really don't have any other comments at this point in time and will turn it over to Mark for his comments about the Flat-rolled segment and Mesabi Nugget project and Iron DynamicsIron Dynamics ran very well this quarter.
Mark Millett - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. I guess we continue in a very intriguing market for sheet products and I expect that this is not materially different that probably outlined [ph] by Keith. The domestic steel demand remains very low if not [inaudible] and for residential construction, on moderate production, generally weak, if not recessionary economy, the continued loss of manufacturing to foreign shores, the effectively constrained the domestic demand, service centers and distributors with diminished credit capacity, the recent record transaction values and Im reluctant to speculate given the uncertainty in the market, service center inventories therefore remain low and theyre just essentially posting [ph] their immediate needs. How is [inaudible] high industry utilization, steel supply remains high, driving the recent market strength, the weak dollar, strong global pricing, substantially reduced import activity or driving significant export volumes, competitively making the domestic steel industry short, still short on the supply side. Transaction values have less [ph] appreciated substantially, and essentially offsetting the appreciation in raw materials that Danny will discuss and has presented opportunity for [inaudible] metal margin expansion. [inaudible] we think these market fundamentals are well defined and our crystal ball suggests that they are not going to change in the near future and I would suggest there is also a strong pricing situation going forward at least for the future. [inaudible] tax probably committed through May, the tax are opened for June, and honestly we our customer base desires [ph] with a lot more tons than we could actually provide. So in fact we see a very, very strong market. Mill performance, above [ph] has done a phenomenal job, [inaudible] and his team had record productivity for the first quarter and even more impressive it was absolutely instant-free from a safety perspective. So I hats off to the team. Our production was 710,000 tons for the quarter. [inaudible] productivity that they reached operating record levels and shipments were just shy of their previous quarterly record, given the fact that theyre still going through the final stages of integration is I think the testament to the quality team of people we have there. Certainly Iron Dynamics, [inaudible] and his group have done a superb job optimizing the electric [ph] arc furnace and we continue to improve the ratio of liquid pig iron being transferred to the [inaudible] still mill. The first quarter, it averaged really at 17% of the [inaudible] we shipped roughly 43,000 metric tons of liquid iron to our electric arc furnaces and thats improved further recent weeks that we have been on an active [ph] 90% of the DRI-produced [inaudible] turned into liquid iron. So my hats off to the team. And if you think about it in the given recent raw material markets, pig irons roughly would deliver [inaudible] a gross ton, [inaudible] is sort of paying the dividend that we envisioned some years ago with the [inaudible]. Mesabi Nugget, just briefly, construction continues through the one end, proceeding well. It would appear that both construction and procurement schedules would allow us to start up late [inaudible] third quarter of 2009 [inaudible] for the mine. It has been initiated, probably slower than we would like, I believe [inaudible] to be initiated late 2010 levels [ph]. So generally to my arena, weve got a phenomenal team doing some phenomenal things [inaudible].
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. Dick. [inaudible].
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Yes, sir, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Ill start with Columbia City and just say that they do continue to have a full backlog, and they have had record uptime in their rolling mill operations and due to the fact that weve had our permits for continued construction of bank [ph] house and so forth, they are now allowed to run their firms [ph] more efficiently by staggering them and we've had opportunities to increase our inventory of semi-finished billets, everything is running well there. In spite of the uptime in the rolling mill, we have had to refuse those rolling requests by customers and that continues to show the strength of the market. We will have an outage there spanning the end of April and the beginning of May for three days, a planned maintenance outage. And I guess the only note that is disappointing there is that on note number two, we continue to have delivery delays from equipment suppliers that are impacting our scheduled start-ups. And so its being pushed down to the very end of the second quarter and in fact may almost bring to the third quarter disappointingly. But other than that, things are going quite well at Columbia City. The same in at Roanoke, we have a full backlog; in fact we did for the first quarter use rebar as a bill-in product there and we are making less rebar going forward in the second quarter. And that tells us that again the backlog is strengthening and credit book is fine. We have in spite of having a failed static bar, which is owned by the power company, continued to produce in the melt shop about 5% reduced productivity issue. That static bar had a delivery of replacement through 12 to 16 weeks. And so we are in the midst of that. Towards the end of this, hopefully, we will get those repairs done and be able to get back into a higher melt shop productivity opportunity. They too though will have an outage spanning April and May and theirs is going to be a little longer, about seven days. And it again has to do scheduled routine maintenance items. Our Pittsboro operation does have a strong backlog, one of the strongest its ever had. They also have had very strong performance. Theyre they had the most productive rolling mill quarter, rolling 153,000 tons, which actually is 15% better than any prior quarter at Pittsboro. And melt shop had the second best productivity quarter and that's in spite of occasionally choosing not to melt due to economic reasons from a powder cost perspective. So hats off to the employees at Pittsboro. Steel of West Virginia had to reduce their hours in the rolling mill due to the dramatic drop off of a truck trailer business, but they have been very resourceful in attempting to bring additional products back on line, products that have a made in years or new products and to offset some of the trailer drop off. And as Keith did mention, New Millennium Building Systems did have a slow first quarter, seasonally expected. But I am happy to report that production hours are picking up with increased hours being scheduled on each of the [inaudible] lines and we did have an improved strength in three of the five facilities from a sales order book perspective last week. So hopefully, we are turning the corner in that seasonal business. Keith?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Dick, someone may actually ask you, why do we need to spend money to expand capacity at Pittsboro since theyre doing so well. If you annualize 150,000 tons that was at 600 on a mill that was only supposed to produce 480. So the team is doing rather well.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Yes, upside opportunity.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Danny?
Danny Rifkin - Executive Vice President, Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: Thanks, Keith, and good morning everyone. The scrap segment turned in outstanding results in the first quarter, largely related to significant price increases for both ferrous and non-ferrous scrap commodities. As reported, total ferrous shipments were 1.4 million tons with scrap representing approximately 90% of that volume. Ferrous scrap prices rose dramatically during the quarter as a result of several key factors. The combination of a weak dollar and strong international demand has produced record exports for US scrap. Current estimates for 2008 are between 16 million and 18 million tons, which is roughly 20% of total domestic ferrous scrap volume. The US remains the largest of the most sophisticated scrap-generating markets in the world followed by Russia, Europe and Australia. Russia has imposed export restrictions and is becoming a net importer of scrap. Europe has always been a global source of supply and Australian scrap is primarily consumed in Asia and more recently, the Middle East. Therefore, the US becomes the place to shop for scrap in the world market. In addition, domestic steel mill demand remains strong as a result of reduced steel imports and a growing percentage of VAF mills operating today. This tight supply situation has been exacerbated by sharp production and industrial scrap generation, especially in prime grades. High-quality automotive scrap flows are down sharply as a result of the American Axle strike and lower auto production with no end in sight. Obsolete scrap flows have been off during the winter despite high prices but are expected to increase based on seasonal factors going into spring and summer. This may take a bit of the pressure off that may also just fill the gap created by the continuing shortage for fine scrap and export demand. The non-ferrous shipments of 240 million pounds reflect steady volumes and translate into an annual pace of almost a billion pounds, which would be a record year for OmniSource. Scrap flows are steady, also related to record price levels for copper and aluminum although non-ferrous markets remained highly volatile. Current non-ferrous markets are influenced by the same factors as ferrous markets. Strong export demand especially in Asia is driving copper and aluminum prices and short supply in the US is affecting flows into domestic consumers. We do not see any reason for conditions to change in the near term. From an operating point of view, our efforts to integrate processing operations are ongoing with Tennessee and Virginia transitions going quite smoothly. We expect the new [inaudible] in Indianapolis to be running late in the second quarter or perhaps very early in the third quarter and continue to evaluate additional opportunities to expand our processing activities. Keith?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Danny. Therasa, would you like to provide some financial highlights?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. I'll just take a few minutes to bring about some financial aspects to the quarter and give you some guidance for some aspects of 2008. Regarding working capital comments and youll know that accounts receivable did increase substantially but what I want to what everyone know is that in spite of some of the worries in the credit markets, our days outstanding actually decreased from quarter-to-quarter and we still have a very good ageing of the receivables. So we are not concerned from that perspective. Our inventory has also decreased slightly which might be a surprise to some given the cost structures that occurred due to a reduction in volumes of raw materials and an increase in some volumes of the finished goods at the increased costs. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $94 million, about 67% of that was related to steel mill operations and 40% of that was related specifically to the addition of the second rolling mill in the Structural and Rail Division. For the full year of 2008, inclusive of the first quarter, we are currently expecting capital expenditures to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. Currently the revenue-generating projects that we have in line, some for completion in '08 and some in completion in 2009. The larger projects are the completion, the Structural and Rail Division second rolling mill in Caster for approximately $135 million to $145 million. In Mesabi Nugget project for 2008, we expect to spend approximately $120 million to $130 million and in the scrap operation, we expect to spend approximately $75 million for different developmental projects there. For depreciation and amortization for the quarter, we had $53 million. For the remainder of 2008, I would estimate somewhere between $45 million and $50 million a quarter. Goodwill and intangibles changed slightly. Were still refining our final purchase accounting for OmniSource; were almost there. Currently we have amortizing intangibles of about $200 million related to OmniSource with average life of between 10 and 25 years. For an ongoing amortization number of our intangibles, I would model somewhere between $7.5 million to $8 million a quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38% versus a full year 2007 effective tax rate of 37.4%. The increase is related to some items in our actual state tax planning. I review that on an ongoing basis as well. During the quarter from a liquidity perspective at March 31st, we actually had $147 million outstanding on our revolver but on March 31st, you may have seen that we raised an additional $218 million on our senior secured facility. That was comprised of $124 million in additional revolver capacity to now a revolver a $750 million revolver is actually an $874 million revolver and we increased our term loan A by $94 million for a total of $218 million. In addition to that in April of 2008, we actually raised $500 million in the high-yield market. It's a term of eight years, four-year non-call due 2016 at 7.75%. The interest on an ongoing basis for the quarter was actually gross interest is 35 million with capitalized interest of 5 million. I would anticipate gross interest being around the $40 million range on an ongoing basis and that does not take into account capitalized interest. Other income for the quarter was $7.8 million, $6.7 million of that was actually related to earnings from equity investments in certain ferrous resource companies. From a share perspective, we repurchased just less than 2 million shares on an effective tax-split basis for $46 million in early January. Our current remaining authorized shares for purchase are 4 million shares. Our treasury shares at the end of the quarter were 29 million at an effective cost of $17 per share. Our outstanding shares at the end of the quarter were 189 million and we still have convertible securities outstanding of 8.5 million shares and we have options that are exercisable of approximately 3 million shares. So if you are trying to estimate maybe for the second quarter what shares may be, I would think just somewhere in the 200 million range. Some details regarding the flat-rolled shipments for the quarter. Our hot-rolled shipments were 305,000 tons. Our pickle and oil shipments were 38,000 tons; cold-rolled, 56,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized, 111,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized, 86,000 tons; painted products, 52,000 tons; and Galvalume products, 27,000 tons. And just one quick comment regarding exports, again we talked considerably about that this morning. About less than 5% of our net revenues actually came from exports this quarter and approximately 60% of that was related to the non-ferrous materials that Danny mentioned from our OmniSource operation. Keith?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Theresa. Peter, I think we are ready for the Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: Great, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Well take our first question from Timna Tanners, UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Yes. Hi, good morning. Wanted to ask about what your scrap assumption might be into the second quarter a little bit more to reflect the fact that your inventory numbers went down, it sounds like that might mean that you might have a scrap price reflection that would be a little closer to what we are seeing in the spot market. Can you comment on that, please?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, clearly they are going to go up during the quarter. I don't know that I have a handle on the scrap numbers that went into the model, but I think that last month we saw the numbers were fairly aggressive in the market. I think with demand remaining strong, they are going to be again... its not going to be as significant, but the direction is probably still up. I'll let Danny comment on that. Most of the resource material that weve baked into the forecast was already known to us in terms of what we have on hand and can melt in the month of April and May. So the unknown piece that you really have to take a stab at is June and I think we've modeled... initially we thought that the obsolete material might actually go down a little this coming month. I suppose there's still a possibility that that would happen, but no a likelihood that it would happen. And the scrap material, as Danny said, is still somewhat constrained and is likely going to be bid up again. But Danny, could you comment provide any further color?
Danny Rifkin - Executive Vice President, Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: Sure, Keith. We believe that export will remain strong through May and perhaps into the summer. We know that well over 700,000 ton has been already booked for shipment to Turkey in May at levels that would have been reflective of a mid-to-high $500 shipping point price on the coast. That would be for obsolete scrap. I think we are expecting obsolete both [ph] throughout the US to increase quite dramatically over the summer, which would allow the export demand to be satisfied and still allow domestic mills to consume what they need. The wild card in the ferrous market though remains the prime scrap situation and we could see that go either away. If there is an extended a further extension of the American Axle strike and the automotive prime scrap production remains at current levels, we could see that continue to remain tight, very tight and drift upwards if that strike is settled anytime soon and production resumes and prime scrap flows then would come back on to the market and relieve the pressure that would be especially in the Mid-Western part of the country. So I think I would agree with Keith that our models reflect probably pricing to remain high. We haven't forecast a tremendous increase or a tremendous decrease and would say that that is as hard to predict scrap prices today as it is the weather. So --.
Timna Tanners  UBS: Fair enough. I guess what I was looking for is something a little more concrete in terms of the impact on your segment for steel mills. And so if we look at the scrap price increase that you discussed, you talked about a $50 increase Q1 over Q4 whereas the number one heavy melt price probably went up closer to $90. So as we see Q2 over Q1 at least $150 or so, I mean I just was wondering if you could give us a little bit of guidance in terms of modeling for the impact on your steel mills segment?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously since we're seeing... we think we're going to see better margins in Q2 and that's baked into our earnings forecast, you would have to conclude that the pricing that will exist in the second quarter will outpace the cost of resources. I usually am prepared with that, but I don't have it in front of me right now. I can't tell you what I think is going to occur there. I mean I think the margins are going to grow. If you give us a minute, we may come back to that later in the call. Theresa is going to go look at what activity we have built into the model and we could provide a little more specific color.
Timna Tanners  UBS: That'd be super. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Olin, Cleveland Research.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research Company: Good morning.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research Company: Just a little clarity on the non-residential construction part of your business, looking at the beam side, I apologize if you covered this, but I missed earlier portion of the call. Can you talk a little bit about your visibility into this market, if you are hearing anything about cancellation of projects related to material costs and how comfortable are you looking third quarter and beyond?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Maybe I... this is Dick Teets and I'll give you a little bit color on that. I would tell you from a beam perspective, we have not seen cancellations of projects or even delays due to the escalating price of a product. About the only place you may see a little bit of that might be in our New Millennium Building Systems. Their non-residential construction activity at this time, quite a bit of it, let's say schools and many times schools, needless to say, they go out, they get the architect to do the engineering work, they get the bids, and then they go out and get bonds and when the bonds tend to have a fixed value and then the price of the product like ours goes up reflecting current cost, sometimes there is a crunch going on and schools are delaying some of their construction activities having to decide what to do about the actual connected cost currently versus what it was when they went to market with their bonds. So there is some delay in that market but from a beam perspective, we haven't seen any slowdown.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research Company: Thanks.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Sure.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Richard, Longbow Research.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Good morning, and thanks for taking our call.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: I appreciate your comments, Mr. Busse, on the shortage of flat-rolled, if you will, more of a supply than a demand issue. Would you say that the shortage is more acute on galv than the lower-volume products?
Mark Millett - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: This is Mark Millett, I would suggest that the [inaudible] would be on our arenas that we serve [inaudible] currently.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Wow, I just, contrary to what I would have guessed based upon your galvanized shipments, if I heard Theresa right?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the question was when do we see the greatest tightness, I am not suggesting that [inaudible] demand is not strong, its very, very strong. There appears to be more opportunities than the spot market currently than anywhere else.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Okay, fair enough and one quick follow up if I could and I don't want to beat this the non-ferrous [inaudible] but traditionally did OmniSource export a fair share of that or was that traditionally consumed domestically?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our export of non-ferrous has grown steadily over the last seven or eight years as the demand for aluminum and stainless has grown in China. So I think what we are seeing today would be very fairly typical of what we have seen in recent years.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Okay. And could you offer a mix between what domestic and export business is for your non-ferrous?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say and this would be an approximation, over 80% of our business would be domestic and not more than 20% exports.
Bob Richard  Longbow Research: Okay, thanks for that and great quarter and best of luck.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bob.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Great, thank you. My question relates to energy cost, Keith, and can you refresh our memory on how much energy constitutes of your total non-metallics costs and how much is electricity or what's natural gas and what might be protected under long-term contracts?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, youre probably in a better position to answer that line item.
Mark Millett - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: [inaudible]. In the natural gas arena you probably have said over next certainly six months at 30% to 40% [inaudible].
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Okay. Great thing. And then one other question that has to do with pricing that we're just kind of reading in the trade press that some of the mills are going back to the customers and learning on surcharges on previously booked orders because of the rapid rise in scrap prices, are you guys doing the same thing too or just kind of waiting for the old words [ph] to build before the new prices take effect?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the sheet side of our business, we are our lead times are incredibly short. We only went out for May business a week ago. And thats potentially carried out to take into effect the volatility of the scrap. So before we go out for business, we know what the scrap market is going to be potentially, and we put in some degree of [inaudible]. So in our pricing, it's already built in.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Okay. Great, thank you.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I might just... I think our energy costs at least from electrical energy perspective, Brian, we are probably about 4%, somewhere in that arena. We might guess, maybe 5% and of course with prices moving up significantly, it becomes half of that. Prices of [inaudible] doubled in the last six months. So energy certainly is not... as Mark said, we have a very good contract, I think at Butler which is the primary consumer. Dick, you might want to comment on where your energies went recently in the spat?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Really Pittsboro and Columbia City are the two that are exposed to market pricing, Pittsboro has a defined calculation with their energy provider, whereas Columbia City is out in the open market buying on an hour-by-hour basis, we do hedge, we need to have layered in a 15-megawatt package for the year, just for a base load for early mill and ancillary equipment and we buy and we do have about half the year purchased out for the melt shop and then the balance of that is in the spot market. We use that as a strategy and the same philosophy as in Butler although executed independently on a natural gas basis that we have up to 36 months hedges. But most of them are in the short term. Now we want to get to different seasonal aspects from an exposure standpoint from hurricane in Gulf Coast item.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I guess the only point I was trying to make earlier was the percent of our cost to production for energy obviously is diminished diminishing by a percentage from percentage perspective due to the rapidly escalating revenue line. I do have the listing... a rough number for you for the second quarter. We think scrap will probably up at least $130 a ton on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So that might help you a little bit. Prices will be up more than that obviously.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.
John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Good morning. Danny commented that higher price benefited OmniSource's results, which I am sure it did, but there may be a lot of subtle value-added contributors, the non-ferrous recovery, shredding and separation. Agency services like brokering the auto auction monthly. There might be incidental services, not the same, but in the vein of a heck of international mill service or logistics or other services provided to steel mill customers. Could you try a venture how much of the OmniSource profits are aside from the price of steel scrap rising, whether a third of the profits or sort of the other and higher value-added stuff? I don't want to oversimplify the fine quality of OmniSource just in terms of the price of scrap rising.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know that the margin what Danny answered as well. The margins on the brokered material for the automotive list, they're just half their margins. So they're not going to expand all that significantly in high-growth periods like that. Obviously, people in the processing business buy much of their [inaudible] some indices that they're tied to. So therefore there might be an early quarter advantage prior to major changes in indices impacting that margin, but obviously, obsolete margins tend to broad rather significantly during times like this. I don't know what percent of Omni's earnings are non-ferrous but it is to your point a significant number, their results were very good. Danny?
Danny Rifkin - Executive Vice President, Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: I would say we haven't looked at it quite in the way that you've asked the question, John. But approximately 60% of our contribution comes from ferrous and 40% from non-ferrous. As Keith accurately described, our management and service business, those are fixed-fee contracts that are done over a long-term basis, unrelated to the market. So our income from that segment of the business is steady regardless of the market prices. Beyond that, we haven't really evaluated base business was separated, base volume without any market change compared to movement of market, but historically because of the lagging nature of both industries, the margins expand slightly in rising markets and especially when market moving [inaudible] the markets are falling.
John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you.
Danny Rifkin - Executive Vice President, Metals Recycling; President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: John, I hope that --
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're getting a lot of static on our end. I hope it's not affecting how it comes through relative to answering your questions. [inaudible].
Operator: We will go to our next question, Aldo Mazzaferro, Goldman Sachs.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: I guess the static [ph] you just have to turn the service after the conference call I guess. Are you still there?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Static bar is having more of an impact than we thought.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Keith, weve always it's amazing how you can get the $130 scrap increase and the price goes up more. Do you still talk about what your conversion cost is for hot band? And if so would you mind letting us know what you think it is now with all the alloy cost having moved in stuff?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I... it's certainly north of $125 and I think south of $150, somewhere in that area. It does vary. Mark, do you want to take a stab at that?
Mark Millett - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: On a strictly operating basis, it's running about $126 to $130, Aldo.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, that's still excellent. Thanks. On your... I got another question kind of a broader question, Keith. How the... the capacity that's been announced for the industry recently in North America seems to be focused on structural steel which is kind of surprising, since that's in my opinion anyway, not as in short supply as flat-rolled. I'm just wondering why do you think the structural market has attracted so much capacity in the flat-rolled, except for second quarter, fairly little so far and I'm wondering what you think about the future in that trend?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think margins certainly were greater in that segment of the business for quite a period of time, although I would tell you the margin opportunities does change from time to time are better in flat-rolled and we recently haven't been able to recover the full cost of resource escalation. So probably a little bit of margin compression going on in there which I would tell you we have modeled. I really think if you are referring to the activity at [inaudible] that's years away given how equipment deliveries are in the marketplace, they will be 2012 before you see a project like that really integrated into the market. And then its fairly remote from a delivery and freight perspective from where much of the tonnage is consumed on the North American continent. Obviously there was an announced project in Mexico and how much of that could find its way into this market remains to be seen. But other than those two projects, I am unaware of... there's some rumors that certain individual is looking at another project in this country within the 48 distinguished states that even I would tell you that that might be given today's lot more demand activity pretty periles adventure. I know years ago when we got into the structural business, there certain individuals didn't think that there was room for SDI's entry into the market. But the market did expand and contracted and there was more room. Now there is not much room for the imports to contract, markets headed the wrong direction right now. So right now if I were to build new capacity, we wouldn't be focused on that arena. Obviously we've done so with the expansion of Columbia City, but that project was in the work a couple of years. But we don't see any further growth there, we're focused on opportunities now in the flat-rolled segment of our business plan and with the kind of... with the dollar being what it is and it may not see the kind of strength that it had in the past, there may well be opportunities for domestic growth in the flat-rolled arena in the years to come, although given equipment deliveries again, that's going to be sometime in the making.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Great. And could I ask one more question on the scrap market, maybe for Danny? If you look at some of the big players around, Nucor is obviously trying to buy... Sims Metal Management is looking to buy from what we hear exports are very strong and I am just wondering could you give us an idea of what the what you see is the size of the market today and whether OmniSource is looking to grow beyond its current volume? Or do you I mean ultimately, do you see OmniSource as a long scrap growth of the Steel Dynamic's consumption?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's our vision and as we look at opportunities, we expect to continue to grow our processing business domestically. We may not have moved as quickly lately as some others but I would assure you that we are in the game.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: So other than yourselves, Metal Management or Sims Metal Management and then Nucors processing side, how much scrap processing capacity do you see left in the US market?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think there are still some... the scrap industry is still quite fragmented and there are some very sizeable players other than those that you've have mentioned. I think our current view of the domestic scrap market is somewhere around 6.5 million tons to 6.75 million tons per month and so there is still quite a bit available in terms of consolidation opportunity and geographic expansion as well as perhaps longer-term involvement in more international business.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Great. That 6.5 to 6.75, that includes the export market?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats half.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: That's domestic to including export, right?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks very much.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Aldo, we do plan to grow processing, both by greenfield growth as well as additional M&A activity as opportunity presents itself. So there are plans to specifically you might say outrun our capability to consume as a company.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Right. I see. And that would not be the case if you built another flat-rolled mill there, right?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats correct.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks, Keith.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Aldo. Peter, I think we've lost, where do we lose that webcast? Theyre having trouble with the static on the webcast. Peter, are you there?
Operator: Yes. We'll check into that.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: We do have more questions in the queue.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead.
Operator: Mark Parr, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, Keith.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mark.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Congratulations to you and your team. A great quarter.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Had a good quarter. Thank you.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: One part of the resource question that you haven't addressed is pig iron. I know what your long-term strategy is but over the next what's your current situation on pig? I know there has been some supply constraints coming out of Brazil. Is that something that could hit your cost to a greater degree in the second half of the year?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably not so much this year, Mark. I think looking back on it, we wish that we would went out for a boat or two when it seemingly was very pricey at 500-some dollars a ton which we would have sagged another boat or two but we didnt. But I think we have enough pig on the ground and with IDI operating at a higher level to get through this year, that will leave us some exposure into the unknown universe relative to the price of pig in '09.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That obviously were very hopeful that [inaudible] gets cranked up by the middle of the year and could fill some of that gap that may exist between our stocks and our operating activity. So there could be a period where we have to go back into the market of market prices and it could impact to some small degree our input cost, but I don't think it would be all that large, we are not consuming all that much pig given the performance of IDI, they are operating at we are probably consuming 2% to 3% [inaudible] liquids at about 6%.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So we are getting up there in a comfort level with our own and currently generated iron plus substantial stocks on the grounds but those will be depleted by the end of the year and were certainly going to need to order a boat or two here later this year.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. If I could ask is one more question on a different topic, on the M&A front, you have done a phenomenal job of growing the business in addition to all the organic momentum that you have built in the first decade of the company's existence and I was wondering how you're feeling right now about M&A or organic growth outside the 48 states, have you changed your view thinking more aggressively in moving outside the US?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Have not, really do not have a major focus in that regard at this point in time, Mark. As I said earlier, if world market prices remain in demand world market demand and pricing remains high and the dollar does not strengthen substantially, I really think there is... it creates an opportunity to grow domestically.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes, just thinking that was one of the thoughts in the back of my head and I'll just close with this is, we are if were going to export as a market 17 million tons of scrap, I mean wouldnt the value to this country be better if we could convert that scrap into steel before we export it?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes, we would like to no see so much of it go offshore but obviously we're happy about exports in finished steel products and lack of imports which have been [inaudible] over the course of the last so many years. So, it's a two-edged sword. There have been a lot of people that have talked to me openly at conferences about, geez, they are going to form a coalition in trying to keep more scrap at home, its Americas strategic resources and we shouldn't be export I mean those kind of activities are going to go virtually nowhere as I see it at this point in time. We still live in a globally competitive universe and a free country and I don't think we're going to see constraints there.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, well, anyway, congratulations on the great execution and I look forward to talking with you again soon.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Michelle Applebaum, Michelle Applebaum Research .
Nate Carruthers - Michelle Applebaum Research: Hi, guys. It's actually Nate filling in for Michelle. Great quarter.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Nate.
Nate Carruthers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I was wondering if you could give us the quantity of steel exports in the first quarter, if you could provide a breakdown of the products that you shipped and then your plans, what products you plan to ship in the second quarter? And then if you can give us an idea of export margins versus domestic margins?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats not a subject weve addressed and I don't think we care to comment on it even if we could. Theresa may have something specific for you. But if such a small piece of what we do it tends to be rather irrelevant. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nate, as I mentioned earlier, we had less than 5% approaching $90 million of net sales for exports, thats very small. Of that, approximately 45% went to whats related to non-ferrous materials that went predominantly to Asian countries and then the rest probably another fourth of that came from the long mills and the structural mill actually and that was more in line of Canada and Mexico. There is nothing of great substance.
Nate Carruthers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And so I mean billet prices are over $860 a ton in the world market, is that something that you had planned to export in the future?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We with the continued weakness in the dollar, I think Pittsboro especially will export, I wont say a substantial quality, but a decent quantity of billets abroad. We are... just for the color on that, we currently are shipping billets to Scandinavia, Germany and it will be in this current plan out of Pittsboro.
Nate Carruthers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Great, thanks. Thanks, guys. And then also I just had a quick question about SBQ demand and the new capacity that Nucor is bringing on. They said they are going to start casting in June. Do you think that that new capacity will be able to be absorbed by the market? And then, if you can give any color on any impact the American Axle strike is having on the SBQ market right now.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, needless to say, anytime someone brings additional capacity on to the market, well have to readjust, they are already out, kind of needless to say, making their preliminary sales calls and so forth, and we recognize that thats going to happen. We do have in that market an extended qualification period, anyone who would go through it. So we expect that to apply some pressure to the market but we're not overly concerned but we have to recognize that its back to life but again, given the export opportunities, there will be some adjustments made by all of us as to percentage of products out but thats domestically consumed versus an export. The American Axle strike, we are not we havent been affected by it, we were supplying some material to AMN, but they took all the product that they have on the books. We have a backlog from them and theyve told not to reduce any. And so we arent in any way held up with products struck in inventory, either semifinished or finished due to that. So I think its business as usual and when they get back to work, we expect to go back to supplying them and hopefully grow that a little bit as we had intended to prior to the strike. I think if the dollar remains weak, and I don't see it strengthening in the short run, there will be considerable opportunity not just for billet export activity but finished tonnage, we are talking to several trading houses about exporting greater quantities of SBQ abroad. So its not going to open up some market opportunities for all of us that arent there perhaps with the weak economy right now.
Nate Carruthers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow up from Timna Tanners.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, just quick question for Keith. I followed your math on the guidance discussion for the full year. But any particular reason why you wouldn't want to revise your outlook for 2008 at this time?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we've said enough about it. I think the approach who knows what could happen by the fourth quarter, Timna. So I think wed rather be a little cautious right now. Weve more than once said that we probably are in the on the old basis, the high fives; on the new basis, that would be approaching $3. And were not trying to send a negative message, we believe we have very positive message about the second quarter. I don't know the third quarter results will be any worse. And you have to draw your own conclusions. I think we actually modeled a tighter fourth quarter just to be conservative, but it's we still continue to see us in the $3 zip code on a split basis which I think is extraordinarily good performance. I hope you were listening when I said earlier our scarp input costs should be up at least $130, could be a little higher than that, could be $140, $145 but somewhere between $130 and $140 a ton is where I would expect the increase on a quarter-over-quarter basis to fall out.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay. That was really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Peter. I'm sorry, we lost a few of the people in the webcast, I hope thats returned. As always, very good questions from the audience. We certainly appreciate the following we have. So I want to take this opportunity to thank 6,000 employees of Steel Dynamics who are just doing a bang-up job, a terrific job. Thank you for your efforts and we will be there supporting you every step of the way. Thanks, Peter. Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Fred Warner - IR Manager Keith Busse - Chairman and CEO Mark Millett - EVP of SDI, President and COO for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources Richard Teets, Jr. - EVP, President and COO for Steel Shapes and Building Products Danny Rifkin - EVP, President and COO, OmniSource Corporation Theresa Wagler - VP and CFO
Analysts: Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs Brian Yu - Citi Chris Olin - Cleveland Research Brad Levy - Jefferies & Co. Michelle Applebaum - Applebaum Research Timna Tanners - UBS Mark Parr - KeyBanc Andrew O Connor - Millennium Partner John Tumazos - Prudential Financial Charles Bradford - Bradford Research
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. Joining us today are Keith Busse, Chairman and CEO, Richard Teets, President and COO Steel Shapes and Building products, Mark Millett President and COO, Flat Rolled Steels and mining and minerals, Danny Rifkin Executive Vice President and Metals Recycling, Gary Heasley, Executive Vice President Strategic Planning and Business Development, and Theresa Wagler, Vice President and CFO. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Fred Warner, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead sir.
Fred Warner  Investor Relations Manager: Thank you and welcome to today's Steel Dynamics conference call being webcast, January 29, 2008 from Fort Wayne, Indiana. This call will be available for replay from our website and will also be available for downloading as a podcast. Today's management discussion includes forward-looking statements. We caution that actual future results and events may differ materially from statements or projections that are made today. You may obtain additional information concerning a variety of factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from today's forward-looking statements, by referring to our most recent annual report on form 10-K that's filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other reports we file from time to time with the commission. Specifically, please refer to those sections in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports entitled forward-looking statements and risk factors. These reports we file from time to time with the commission are publicly available in the SEC website and on our website steeldynamics.com. After today's management discussion, we will open the call for questions from participants, who have informed us they may wish to ask questions. We will begin with remarks by SGIs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Busse.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thanks Fred. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. As our tagline, our headline of our press release states, our fourth quarter was a little stronger than we had anticipated, when we talked about mid-quarter guidance that we put out and we had good annual results as well. I think that's significant in the phase of considerable weakness that persisted in the Flat Rolled arena throughout the year, which as most of you know is on the uptick or upswing at this point of time. But Flat Rolled was the weak spot with regard to steel earnings at least in our camp last year. Our net income was essentially unchanged, $395 million in '07 versus $397 million in '06. Earnings per share reached a record of $4.02 versus $3.77, although it was principally a result of the share repurchases, although I think most companies in the sector were probably engaged in share repurchases and we're no different than any other company, but it did possibly impact the earnings per share calculation. During the quarter, the net income was $98 million or $1 per share versus $105 million or $1.03 per share in the fourth quarter of '06 and $101 million or $1.06 per share in the third quarter of '07. OmniSource was dilutive to our earnings by $0.07 as advertised during the quarter, and of the $0.07, a penny of that was due to purchase accounting adjustments. Therefore, if you remove Omni from the calculation, we ended up with income for the quarter at the high end of the range of $1.07. I think we'd originally forecast $1.02 to $1.07. Our mid-quarter guidance was about the same, although we guided to the low-end and had better results. So, without Omni in the mix, we would have had about $1.07 for the quarter, which is a fairly good result. We're going to talk about the fact that our results are to some degree indicative of our growth strategies and diversification, and that's true. During the year, later in that paragraph, we talk about the fact that our Flat Rolled shipments actually declined by 2% while our structural steel volume increased 15% and engineered bars increased 9%. These were our original Indiana operations netting 4% year-over-year increase in steel shipments from the Indiana mills. We did not have Roanoke as part of our family throughout the entire year 2006, but they had a great year as well and our total steel shipments including acquired operations grew to 5.6 million tons in 2007, a 17% increase over '06. I'd point out to you that our scrap costs increased 3% quarter-over-quarter. I think that number is very similar to that was reported by Nucor during their conference call. Although on a year-to-date basis, our scrap costs were up 9% per annum. Those were up a little higher perhaps due to pig iron moving rather aggressively throughout 2007. The outlook is very good for the future. We see our earnings in the $1.10 to $1.20 range in the first quarter, which is a little bit of an anomaly growth in steel earnings at a time when we're perceived to be in a recession or there is some market weakness and there is market weakness out there. I think Brian Yu's comments from Citi that I read this morning really summed it all up talking about manufacturing weakness, but good results potentially available to just not just Steel Dynamics, they should be available to all steel makers due to a structural supply shortage creating a gap that's not being filled by imports, and I think Nucor talked a lot about that on their conference call as well. So, we had a situation, where our domestic pricing was far below world market prices that is high as some areas greater than $150 a ton, but somewhere between $100 and $200 a ton, when you factor in the extensive cost of trading products from other environments to the United States. It is one of the only times I can remember in history where domestic pricing was well below international pricing. It is usually domestic pricing that is above international pricing, but when you think about the impact of the weaker dollar and the fact that there are no import surges of any significance to deal with. In fact there are just almost no imports to deal with. We probably do have a structural shortage of supply. As I said before, the industry is increasing its capabilities but yet they would only be able to ship 105 million tons of steel less exports, which have increased from 4 million, 5 million tons to perhaps as much as 8 million, 9 million, 10 million tons. So what is available for the domestic market may well be actually below 100 million tons and even though the market may not be at 130 million ton consumption level, it may be significantly less than that given the weakness in economy. That gap has still not been adequately met by imports, which have historically, at least recently been higher priced than domestic products. I think most of you know that. We have all experienced a very positive increase in revenues and will be in the first quarter as a result of price increases that are holding in the market. And they are varied. And I know there are some people wondering whether or not that impact shouldn't have a greater impact then perhaps the 15% impact we're forecasting. I did that my merely taking the middle of our range and compared it to our dollar reported number, which is a 15% increase. But you have to remember scrap costs have escalated rather dramatically for all EF producers and late December and in January, and we will let Danny talk about the environment in scrap universe on a go-forward basis, but scrap cost will remain high in relation to where they were throughout most of the year, which will heat up much of the margin increase gain by the price increases, yet there will be a margin gain. I think the other factor that is maybe impacting these numbers to a greater degree than some people had contemplated is the fact that much of our pricing is tied to allow [ph] our pricing somewhere between 30% and 40% of our pricing is tied to CRU. And CRU is moving, but it certainly hasn't moved as aggressively as the hot-rolled numbers have moved, and the impact of where CRU has moved is really only going to be felt by most of us in the month of March, the last month of the reporting quarter. So, it is a little slower as you are traveling up the hill and you get the benefit for a month or two longer as you travel down the hill. So, for some people that may have been expecting a buck on a quarter or something like that, I don't know that that's not out of the realm of possibility, but it is not likely as we see it. So, we see our earnings between $1.10 and $1.20 on a go-forward basis. We did buy back about 2.1 million shares during the quarter. And from a steel segments perspective, I will offer a few comments before I turn it over to Dick and Mark and Danny that you will note that... and I think we are offering a lot of information in here now that we are doing segment reporting, it is going to help many of you model the future. I think it certainly gives you a clear picture from a steel scrap substitutes and fabrication perspective. But our shipments in the steel operations segments were about 1.5 million tons, which annualizes to 6 million tons. I suspect next year, we will probably ship at a rate given the... if the economy doesn't just totally collapse, we should, if the [inaudible] environment continues to be positive, we should ship about 6.5 million tons of steel. We follow the growth plans that we have set into motion if you will. I would also point out that the in that paragraph we talk about our operating income being $131 per ton ship excluding profit sharing costs of approximately 8%. So, you can do the math on that to see what the net is. But I would tell you that our primary operations where we melt steel and process it through hot rolling and finishing probably would have been closer to $150 a ton. We have the tax results in here and that does it does drag down the operating profit per ton, because as we stated, it's just a margin gained on a number converted by purchasing steel in the open market. I would tell you that Omni was dilutive. During the quarter, we do expect Omni to be slightly accretive, it's not going to be massively accretive, but slightly accretive in the year '08. Normally their fourth quarter is one of their weaker quarters historically. I might also point out that volume in that segment of our business if you look at 5 million tons of ferrous shipments and that will be 5 million tons of Omni ferrous plus our own ferrous, margins in the scrap business so why are margins so low in the scrap I don't know that on primary operations they are all that low. But when you mix in and I think in Omnis case nearly 2 million tons of brokerage activity it does hamper margins and without brokerage activity, I think those margins would be greater. So, all in all I think their company is going to have a very good year. Some of the data we've provided to you during the quarter does not include iron dynamics, which by recollection produced and shipped, I don't know, 50,000 to 60,000 tons of total during the quarter that's not in there. The wording is very careful total, total ferrous scrap shipments during the quarter were 831,000 tons and during the quarter the company companies scrap operations supplied 239,000 tons. Now the company includes our own ferrous scrap operations as well as Omni's resulting in about 22% of the tonnage that are purchased by our mills in this operating segment. Our steel fabricating operations, I would only point out that we have finished renovating the three Roanoke divisions, which were older facilities and operated on a very marginal basis, whereas the two steel dynamics operations were very, very profitable enterprises. When you blend all that together, you could see we made a $141 per ton ship. I think that's a good number, but I think it's certainly a number that we expect is going to grow as we bring the Roanoke Corporations online in our own image, that number should grow throughout time. So, that's my comment about the segments. In the last page we talked a lot about our project statuses. We expect to see some volume expansion in Flat Rolled and are currently experiencing that, especially now that we have a better quarter book and in hand. And we'll let Mark market address where we are relative to our order book. In coated steels, we note that we will see some benefit from Galvalume and painted products throughout the year, and we are currently in the process of commissioning our second paint line in Jeffersonville. I think most of you know about our expansion at Columbia City, and Dick will talk a little bit more about that, and we expect to grow our business in engineered bars. In 08, yet I would point out that our expansion plans will principally impact '09 as equipment delivery will be very late in the year. As I said, we have now repositioned new millennium from a competitive posture and expect to see some results there. Omni will contribute to our earnings during the year as we see it this point in time. And we are moving forward on Mesabi Nugget, and there are only positive events going on there, but we will not put that division on until the Nugget issue wont come online until sometime in mid '09. And I will let Mark talk a little bit more about that. So, I would conclude my comments with those comments, and turn it over to Mr. Millet.
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Thank you Keith. Good morning everyone. As Keith alluded to, despite weak underlying demand by end users, Service Center inventories still remain very low, necessitating a sort of steady purchasing of their immediate needs. And so we are not speculating on or building inventory at this time. And the recent market strength has certainly surprised by driving we certainly have some domestic production issues and the integrated mills, again strong export activity and obviously minimal influence. And currently, we are fully booked through February and we have got rapid order entry for March and depending on the product, the lead times are either mid-to-late March on our order book. So, we are in great shape. '06, '07 shipments for the year were 2% off principally due to the very soft market through August. During this period, we had some short backlogs that required some additional downtime that presented efficient mill scheduling. In the Q4, that backlog did come back, although I would suggest our performance remained a little disappointing. We had some design issues relative to the caster modifications, which presented the full exploitation of the new cast feeds. These issues substantially resulted the cast demonstrated operating [inaudible] in excess of the 2.8 million ton annualized rate that we previously advertised. And given the solid market, we would hope to ship 2.8 million tons in '08. We have had further capital expenditure approved for electric furnace modification to expand the shells there. And that should fully exploit the caster modifications to get through a probably 3 million ton rate in 2009. Galvalume modification started up well. We shipped about 47,000 tons last year, being well received by our customer base, excellent quality, width up to 61 inches. We remain the only mill with a double-wired capability for [inaudible] as we speak. It's been delayed dramatically unfortunately through late deliveries of equipment and also there is some critical component that was actually missed now designs that we have to retrofit over the several months. But it is commissioning that today and we hope to be shipping painted products next month. Now last year in total, the Techs produced 910,000 tons given that the combined Techs SDI end of the year 2 million tons of galvanizing capacity. That's roughly 25% of the non-automotive galvanized market, which gives us a strong market presence there. It's become very apparent that their product mix is very complementary to the established SDI product portfolio further increasing on our market diversification. Furthermore the focus on end user accounts complements the SDI's focus on service centers and processes, and their ability to serve the market has been amply demonstrated just recently. They were rated number one rank in the Jacobson quality and customer satisfaction survey this past year. The integration is proceeding well. Techs employees are being patient as we introduced new employee benefit and incentive programs, and in fact they're responding very well. We are operating at record rates and the Q4 operating income was actually a record for the Techs organization. It's a great combination, two groups of dedicated hard working creative people. It's going to be a wonderful, wonderful synergy. Their order books are strong with lead times essentially into April as we speak. Just a couple of comments on Iron Dynamics. We produced 250.. 2000 tons of iron last year. That's up 7% to 10% over the prior year. But more importantly, the mix of HBI to liquid iron changed dramatically. We produced and shipped 120,000 metric tons of liquid iron. That's up 46% over prior years, principally due to better availability of the submerged arc furnace. We have three times carved into that, 66% on that piece of equipment. So, there is still plenty of room to move and improve. Cost structure actually remained very consistent through '07, even though we had inflated prices for iron ore and coal, but natural gas consumption went down dramatically. We utilized substantial amount of mill scale, recycled mill scale, which cut our iron unit costs. Currently we are a little challenged on the all cast system, rotary hearth furnace and have CapEx approved to retrofit that system, which will happen probably in Q3 of this year. And that should be able to take the facility up to probably 30,000 tons of DRI or 23,000 tons of product shipments for the month. I think it's doing very well.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: It is indeed, Mark. Thank you for your comments. Iron dynamics since their November outage has produced in excess of 20,000 tons, two months in a row 23,000, 24,000 tons, which is as good an operating rate as it has ever achieved. And if it continues at that level, it ought to be profitable. The only other comment I would add is that we just opened our order books. So, when I talk about March, we opened it Friday and it's only Tuesday morning. So, we're halfway through the month I guess, essentially in terms of bookings and feeling very positive about our future in the out months if you will. Dick, let's turn it over to you.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Thank you Keith, good morning. As the press release stated, we had a very good year, 2007, for the long products steel sheath group, a couple of comments about each one. The structural mill at Columbia City continues to improve. 2007 as we stated was a 15% improvement in shipments over 2006. And we look to improve significantly over that even in 2008 as we bring on our second rolling mill. From a backlog perspective, I would tell you that first quarter of '08 appears favorably to the first quarter of '07. There have a been lot of questions I get asked about the market and so forth, and I'd just tell you that, as we see right now, it continues to be strong as it was in 2007. So, we're very pleased with that And as stated, the second mill is scheduled to begin commissioning, cold commissioning in May of this spring and continue into June with hot commissioning and then start bringing some of the smaller steel shapes to the market off of that mill. That complements our other divisions. At Pittsboro again, we saw 9% improvement in shipments when comparing '06 to '07. The expansion there is going well. All the equipment has been on order and mill stands are scheduled to arrive in July. As Keith said, many of the major components for the casting will show up in October and November, and therefore the expansion capacity improvement won't be realized until '09, but things are going well there. I'm also happy to report that from a quality perspective, Pittsboro continues to make great headway. We did earn the Caterpillar Bronze Certification. Congratulations to everyone. And we also received London certification for crankshaft production, which have opened up new opportunities for us from the sales perspective. In Roanoke, we continue to have good bookings and excellent shipment in production levels. Our customers in that bar division and up from that bar division continue to actually have lower-than-average inventories, and so even with the price recent pricing increases that we've seen and announced, we continue to see bookings steady. Production levels for 2008 have started off at record levels at both in the melt shop and in the mill, and we look out to carry that division through 2008 with a record performance. And capital projects, we have one there of modernizations in the scrap handling arena, and also from a work life quality perspective with improved baghouse evacuation and that looks to help us with our expansion in tonnage down there. And from our Steel West Virginia group, we had our highest income in the history of that company, and that was really in spite of our core market there at the truck- trailer business being in a typical downturn. What that shows is the ingenuity and the resourcefulness of the employees of putting back onto that mill sections, that they have need for substantial periods of time and came back very successfully with it. We do have about $25 million worth of capital of appropriations at Steel of West Virginia, which includes a new melt shop transformer and some new straighteners, and those will all improve our reliability and reduce our operating costs, so there are some good things going on in Huntington. And finally, the New Millennium Building Systems group. As I stated, construction is finally, basically behind us in three acquired organizations and all five of them will see a higher performance in contributions in 2008 versus 2007. Keith?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thanks, Dick. And I'll turn it over to Dany Rifkin, who leads our new operating segment ferrous and non-ferrous resources.
Danny Rifkin  Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: Thanks Keith. Good morning everyone. Scrap markets in both the ferrous and non-ferrous areas continue to be characterized by higher levels of volatility and look to continue that way for the foreseeable future. In the ferrous world, pricing is high by historical standards. We expect generally for that to remain over the next few months. Exports are continuing to move at record levels, based on strong overseas demand and the weak dollar. Domestically from a supply side, we see volumes down as compared to historical level last year primarily based on diminished industrial production especially in the Midwest and seasonal reductions in flow from obsolete scrap. On top of that, some processors have relatively low inventories and when faced with solid demand, that will lead us to the higher price environment that we are experiencing today. Over the last few months, our shipments to our own mills have increased somewhat, but OmniSource has been able to maintain consistent supply relationships with our other long-term consumers. In terms of '08, we look to continue the integration of the SDI yards into the OmniSource organization and OmniSource into SDI and expect to ship somewhere on the order of 5.5 million tons of ferrous scrap and about 900 million tons of non-ferrous scrap.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thanks Danny. Theresa?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Keith. I will briefly review some of the aspects of the quarter beginning with the balance sheet. The additional increase in accounts receivable and inventory really as related to the acquisition of OmniSource, our receivables are still extraordinarily strong at over 95% or less than 60 days outstanding. Our capital expenditures for the year were $395 million, a $139 million for the quarter. Approximately 45% of our annual capital expenditures were related to the addition of a second rolling mill and a structural mill. About 10% to 15% was related to our expansion to Galvalume and new paint line at Jeffersonville. Approximately 10% to 15% was related to the renovation of the fabrication plant which is now complete and a little less then 10% was related to the Minnesota project, purchasing the mining property and some initial construction at Mesabi Nugget plant. In 2008, we currently expect capital expenditures to be between $350 million and $400 million. Most of the projects that we indicated in the press release comprise these capital expenditures as well as some new capital expenditures from OmniSource and are related to scrap yards. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $42 million, for the year was $138 million. For 2008 we estimate it to be somewhere between $175 million and $180 million. Liquidity at 12.31 was approximately $500 million to $510 million. We had $239 million outstanding on our revolver and we still have I only remember it as $360 million available on an accordion feature on our revolver if we were to wish to have that committed. From a tax perspective, our deferred tax assets are currently booked at 38.5%. Our effective rate for the year was 37.4%. For 2008 due to some state income tax changes, we would suggest that you model at 38% effective tax rate. Other long-term assets you will notice increased about $90 million. That's due to some equity investments that we acquired along with the OmniSource acquisition. Goodwill and intangibles, you will notice increased as well. We're still in the middle of finalizing our accounting adjustments for OmniSource. We will have those finalized by the middle to end of March where we will report final numbers. As Keith mentioned, we repurchased 2.1 million shares in the quarter. Year-to-date we actually repurchased 12.6 million shares for approximately $534 million. At the end of the year, we still have 3 million shares available under our share repurchase program. We had 95.2 million shares outstanding. We also have 4.4 million shares that are related to our convertible notes. So on a fully diluted basis we would have been about 99.6 million shares at the end of the year. Moving to the income statement, gross interest expense for the quarter was $31.6 million. Year-to-date, it was $69.1 million. For 2008 we would estimate currently quarterly interest expense to be between $30 million and $35 million a quarter on a gross basis. Some of you had some questions relating to the other income that occurred during the fourth quarter. It was primarily composed of $1.5 million of interest income, $1.4 million from the equity investments that we acquired through the OmniSource acquisition, and $1.2 million worth of trade case recovery. To conclude, for the Flat Rolled shipment. Hot-rolled shipments were 312,000 tons; pickled and oiled, 28,000 tons; cold-rolled, 29,000 tons; hot-rolled/galvanized, 92,000 tons; cold-rolled/galvanized, 79,000 tons; painted, 55,000 tons. And our third quarter of Galvalume production actually resulted in 19,000 tons of shipment, which would have a total Flat-Roll division shipments of 614,000 tons. Keith?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thanks Lisa. When I was reading some of the early press releases about our earnings, for the quarter and for the year, it was noted that we did not mention or provide any further guidance for the year. And we see that from the year perspective being unchanged from the guidance we previously have given. Having said that, if you look at $5 to $5.50 and pick the middle of that as your range and divide it by $4.02, which is what we earned this year, that would imply that we are capable of growing in a rather weak business environment, 30% year-over-year, which is pretty substantial growth. And I think I read it in one release and I think it was [inaudible] where he talked about leverage being at 57% and manageable. I would tell you with those kind of earnings, it's very manageable and that calculation is the correct calculation as I said. So, that really concludes my comments and my team's comments. So, we would be please to answer any questions that any of you might have. Operator. we're ready. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Aldo Mazzaferro with Goldman Sachs.
Aldo Mazzaferro  Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. How are you?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: I am fine, Aldo.
Aldo Mazzaferro - Goldman Sachs: Good. So, I was wondering if I can get a little further detail on the expected ramp up of your two big projects at the structural and at the Pittsboro mills. I see the total for the full year, I am wondering if you could compare what you might see in the first quarter or two compared to the fourth quarter and then maybe help us ramp up to the total for the year?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, the ramp-up is clearly from 500,000 to 550,000 is with existing assets, and it's spread fairly evenly throughout the year. So it's just a month-over-month or quarter-over-quarter consistent increase up to a higher level. As we said, the big change, 225,000, 250,000 tons somewhere in that arena, we will not really begin until the first quarter of '09 and its impact will be felt in '09.
Aldo Mazzaferro  Goldman Sachs: Right. That's Pittsboro you're talking, right?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Right. Relative to structural, it's really anybody's guess as to how fast the commissioning process moves along, but I think the team is expecting that it could produce 350,000, 400,000 tons. Is that right Rick?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: That's what we originally had forecast Keith when we showed the start-up in January, the weather being delayed to half a year, it looks like it's going to be about 200,000 tons in the first year. That's what will effectively be shippable. Production will be higher, but shippable tons in 2008
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: And then you just have to add that Aldo to where we we are on the number-one mill at about 1.2 million tons, which would imply 1.4 million and maybe potentially, we could get to 1.5 million.
Aldo Mazzaferro  Goldman Sachs: I got you. Okay, that's all I have right now, Keith, I'll be back in queue. Thanks.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Yu with Citi.
Brian Yu - Citi: Okay great, thank you. Keith, I remembered last year when we had a kind of similar scrap push on fuel prices. There's a lot of customer push back, wherein your prices subsequently declined. And that's because a lot of mills sold quite a bit. Is that part of the reason you're keeping a shorter strength on the order book this time around? You just opened up March, so it would suggest that there is about a month lead time?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: I think the market in the end is going to determine [inaudible] could go. Some of it would obviously occasionally be tied to resource cost, and I think as Danny said, he expects that market to remain strong, and I think if I heard him right, it's because the collective volumes out there in the manufacturing sector are a little weaker. There is just not that great stockpile of obsolete scrap that there was a couple of years ago available to the processors as well. So, I think when you look at his forecast for ferrous, which is 5.5 million tons, 500,000 tons of that are sold. He is telling you from a collection perspective, it's got to be a little short of the previous years. from his experience and that's due to the weakness in the economy and the manufacturing sector which is probably with the import factor going to keep prices fairly volatile. I do believe that as we talk to Dan and his team, they felt there could be some softening as there was last year in the spring, when the flows are better, but it's anybody's guess as to where we are going to be here at the end of this month and the end of February. Some people are betting we will go in sideways, some people are betting up a little, some people are betting down a little, and I don't think any of us know yet. So, commenting on it would be speculation.
Brian Yu - Citi: Okay. And then, I might have missed this, but did you discuss the Roanoke expansion of the melt in the upgradeable rolling capacity, when that might be available?
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: No, we have only bought spare parts and a couple of extra stands so far. And so we really don't have a capital expenditure going on down there as far as the rolling of those the major capital expenditures that we have down there are supportive scrap yard areas, and new transformers I mean we have a lot of smaller projects, but we have no major expansion projects going on there in the rolling mill.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: I think some of the upgrades might help throughput, consistency things like that, but no terrific volume expansions. A lot of these as expenditures as Dick said are related to Caster upgrades. And if you have ever been to Roanoke, you will know they almost didnt have a scrap yard, and so we are busy excavating hillsides and putting in the scrap yards so we can do the appropriate power rotation on their inventories as we march forward.
Brian Yu - Citi: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Olin with Cleveland Research.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research: Hi.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Hi Chris.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research: Just a question on the non-residential construction, I guess call it commercial construction market, which for me is the biggest question mark out there. It seems like you have some pretty bullish comments as it relates to being demand and new millennium demand. I'm just wondering is that related to a better supply dynamic or are you seeing any slowdown in commercial construction order activity that could represent a risk to you guys, maybe further down in 2008?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, I think there is always the risk that as you continue with this malice in housing that you could see the light side of commercial non-residential construction, perhaps the impact at some point of time. I think we have yet to experience that, but I think in terms of infrastructure and heavy construction, the order entry is really pretty good in that sector. And so we see a good year ahead of ourselves in structural. A lot of it again is tied to our order books. We havent really opened them beyond March, and if we did I am sure we'd have some order entry activity for April. Clearly at this point in time, that's just not the way we run our ship, and in the case of new millennium, they have a strong order a stronger backlog as they have had in many, many years, although the first quarter in terms of the approval process is generally fairly weak and picks up throughout the quarter, and deliveries pick up into the second quarter or third quarter which tend to be the peak periods and fourth quarter. But as you gauge it against no money and backlogs of yesterday, we are not in bad shape at all.
Chris Olin  Cleveland Research: Okay. That's all I need. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will hear next from Brad Levy with Jefferies & Co.
Brad Levy  Jefferies & Co.: Hey guys, couple of questions. First off, you mentioned that the March order book is about half flow on the sheath side. Are you getting the full price increase for the portion that you have full for March? And then sort of further out again kind of maybe a sheath question. As soon as you get Mesabi Nugget up and running or maybe before that, you guys have been out in the press saying something about potentially putting up a West Coast mill would be a sheath mill or would be a plate mill. Have you guys thought out that far and can you guys expand your thoughts kind of in terms of the West Coast concept?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, we would love to have a primary presence out there, but I have said many, many times, it's really tied to our ability to deliver low-cost, high-grade resources into that project. And that would be primarily dependent on the success we have with Mesabi Nugget. That could be a big driver for launching a primary project of some significance, although it certainly wouldn't be a 3 million ton mill. We will probably look at 1 million to 2 million ton facility if that project whenever given the green light. What was the first part of your question Brad?
Unidentified Company Representative: Whether we achieved full price increases and I will say, yes, we have.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Mindful of the fact that we are behind the curve on CRU as we stated earlier, but in terms of spot pricing, we are we have bauxite achieving full price increases and mindful of the fact, the order books have been open two days.
Brad Levy  Jefferies & Co.: Got it. And then one question for Dick. I mean the talk of any kind of further developments of your rail product seems you have gotten very silent and maybe that is the function of a very strong structural beam market. But there was supposed to be this transition to the new longer rail by the end of this decade. Is that kind of on hold right now, or can you talk a little bit about kind of the plans in rail in the longer term.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Sure. The fact that the structural market in 2007 wasn't robust as we experienced did put us in a mode of making rail only when it was advantageous for the mill, and as we went out, we made no commitments to customers so forth for the further development of that product. We do see the phasing in of the rail products in 2008 as we ramp up production on the second mill and start stripping off some of the products that are currently being rolled on the existing mill. And so we do have a game plan, we are executing to it. We have continued to roll 240-foot rails occasionally, and we have been welding it on our welding line and shipping it. So, all the tools were in order, it is just a matter of us being focused on it as appropriate for mill loading and maximum profitability.
Brad Levy  Jefferies & Co.: And then a last kind of follow up on my original question. Is the West Coast mill contemplated to be a sheath mill or plate mill or have you guys kind of thought about what kind of mill that ultimately would be?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: We were contemplating a sheath mill with finishing activities associated with it.
Brad Levy  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks very much guys.
Operator: We will hear next Michelle Applebaum with Applebaum Research.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Hi, good morning. A couple of quick ones. First, when you originally guided in the December to $5 to $5.50 for 2008, I really don't think that you would have anticipated, maybe you would have Keith, but on a say completely I don't think you would have anticipated to see March prices at $670 a ton for hot rolls? And so, I am trying to reconcile the $5 to $5.50 with the $1.10 to $1.20 and the dramatically higher prices for hot rolls that we are seeing going into March. Do you understand
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: I understand your question Michelle. Let me do my best to answer it. We did anticipate March pricing over 600, with that anticipated being at the level that it is currently at. And therefore you would expect some improvement in earnings as a result of that, but we also did expect scrap to shoot up $100 a ton in one month and really expected more like, somewhere between $30 and $40, $50 and the market just delivered a different message. So, one was a little higher than contemplated, but the resources being delivered during the timeframe are higher than we had contemplated would be delivered to the mills. And therefore it had its impact as well.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Okay, and then the other side...
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: And then the other fact we mentioned earlier, CRU is behind the curve as prices are going. And therefore what we are realizing in March, they will be behind what we actually realized in April.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Well, offsetting that, what I had heard in the marketplace was that your February books hadn't even been opened, when Mittal first announced that $50. So, I would imagine that you probably might have gotten, which obviously was a smart move on your part. So, on the spot side, the 70% sheath tonnage that you sold, you probably got, I would imagine you got some of them in February, right?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Our number is for a model for February, whereas we had pretty much forecast them and our scrap costs were too, because we had sizeable stocks on hand, but certainly the world began to change in March.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Okay. So clearly you are saying no upside in the first quarter to the guidance?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: I don't say that. I mean, if you deliver somewhere in the range, that is pretty good upside quarter-over-quarter in what could be one of the weaker quarters of the year.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Okay. Then my next question is with regard to the West Coast Mill, I see press release after press release and conference calls, where you talk about your margins for Techs galvanized products being lower, because you are purchasing material, and I am just kind of wondering, you had talked years ago about that West Coast Mill potentially being out there if Mesabi Nugget were probably four years ago. I'm guessing that wouldnt the priority now be solving some of the procurement margins issue for the Techs?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, I think that is a good observation, we are working on that. That doesn't dampen our enthusiasm for having a West Coast project, which got delayed because Nugget was delayed for a couple of years, but clearly Nugget could be the primary driver for an effort on the West Coast of modest size. And obviously we are going to be dealing with primary metals, with the cost structure that should put us in a favorable position. Having said that, we probably need to quit quick talking so much about it, because it is years away
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: The West Coast?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Yes, and if they will happen and it is a future growth project for us, but it is not tomorrow. We are looking at how in our extended universe, we might provide more Hot Metal to our sister divisions over the course of time. That is something we have looked at continually.
Michelle Applebaum  Applebaum Research: Okay. Well, listen. You know, I beat you up a lot, and it is out of, you know, love. And to say that your timing in getting into the loan product market was either brilliant or lucky, a fabulous move, and we are seeing it pay off in a very large way here. So, nice quarter. Nice job.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Timna Tanners, UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask some quick questions really. Theresa mentioned that there would be a finalization I think on some of the intangible or the goodwill calculation in the middle of March and there will be preps and updates. Is that a signal that there will be a mid quarter update maybe?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Oh no, I didn't mean to do that.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay.
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I just meant that we've made some estimations, a month to a month and a half. [inaudible] the evaluations are final. It wasn't to mean that we are going to have a mid quarter guidance call.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Got you, and thanks for giving those volumes, that was really helpful. On the CIU contracts, would you mind just explaining how that works a little bit better, how quickly are those repriced, and you said that 30% to 40%. Can you give a little more detail on how this works?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: The CIU deals, we basically have as a range and it changes with seasonality of our customer base and also the market a little, but as the range of 64,000 to 85,000 tons of CIU based contract. Roughly 20,000, 25,000 tons of that is hot metal related, whereby the CIU price that comes out typically round about a twelfth of the month, would dictate the following months twice. For total products and galvanized products, there is a two-month lag. So, January pricing for instance, the increase in January CIU, which was $75, gets realized for those products in March.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Got you, that's helpful. Okay.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: 44,000 and 60,000 ton range of those products.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Got you and then finally, I wanted to ask if you could comment on your potential for export given that the market overseas has continued to be quite strong and big exports. I don't know if your geographical positioning is as supportive, but if you could comment on exports please?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, essentially Timna the export numbers that we have been seeing, [inaudible] - have just not been attracted to us. Again, to your point geographically, and again this is cheap flat products, which is going to get us there and get the margin that we want. I think Dick may be slightly different.
Richard Teets, Jr. - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer for Steel Shapes and Building Products: Mostly from the [inaudible] perspective we do have the ongoing business relationship with a number of European customers than we've been shipping to Europe on an ongoing basis throughout the 2007 calendar year and expect that to continue in 2008.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: And I mentioned, as you know Nucor and other competitors mills may well be better positioned to export business. When you look at the fact that Hickman is on the water, Decatur is on the water, Brooklyn is on the water. They are in a lot better position to effectively compete in that market.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: We will hear next from Mark Parr with KeyBanc.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Hi, thanks a lot.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Hi, Mark.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Hi Keith, a great quarter. Had a couple of questions. First, I was curious about scrap market. When you are talking about lower industrial activity, perhaps with the supply of prompt material or obsolete material is somewhat constrained. I was wondering if Danny could comment on perhaps how much of an impact this could have on spreads over the course of '08 relative to '07?
Danny Rifkin  Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: Mark, part of it is seasonal in that we usually see in the November, December early January timeframe, industrial output slow, and therefore scrap, industrial scrap volume diminished. I think it is exacerbated this year by some of the issues coming out of the domestic automotive sector.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Okay.
Danny Rifkin  Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: And the suppliers to automotive. It is a bit early to forecast how that might affect everything in 2008, but in the near term, the competition for industrially generated scrap is fairly intent.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Have you ever seen it this way before, say in the last 4, 5 years?
Danny Rifkin  Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer, OmniSource Corporation: I think we've I think we'd see it this way almost every year. I think 2004 was quite similar. And although I think what's different this time is not so much the issues with the generation of industrial scrap, the fact that domestic demand has remained pretty solid in terms of demand for scrap and export of scrap are at record levels. So, whatever scrap has been historically imported into the US is not coming in and therefore running at 16 million ton a year export rate, that's probably 3 million to 4 million tons above what would be normal on an annualized basis. That makes a huge impact on a month-to-month basis in domestic branches.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Okay. I was wondering, Keith Dan I appreciate that color, thanks. And I was wondering, Keith, if you can give us any details about the supply contract that the Techs have, and what sort of cost pressure that might be creating at that on that part of your business for the first half of the year?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, most of the outsourcing at the Techs is with US steel, who has been a very good supplier and we anticipate will continue to be an excellent supplier provider if you will. As pricing in that product environment moves up, in the substrate environment, we would only hope that the end market prices would keep up with in terms of finished product coated. Mark, any other color?
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: They're obviously booking their mill ahead of most of the market because of the lead time for substrate. And so on the way up, they have the advantage obviously, because they are buying substrate two or three weeks ahead of the curve at lower pricing.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: And so the stretching of the order book at the Techs out into April is an advantageous thing in the light of the substrate environment.
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Absolutely.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: That's fair. All right. I appreciate that. I had one last question, Keith. I was wondering, there has been some trade press this morning about a whole bunch of steel mills in China that have been shut down because of electricity shortages. I was just wondering if there is anything that you're hearing or seeing that could create some incremental upsight for pricing or your further reductions in supply for the US market in the next couple of months?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Mark I was unaware of those releases. I am not up to speed on that. So, I cant comment.
Mark Parr - KeyBanc: Okay. All right. By the way, congratulations on the great results.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will have next from Andrew O Connor with Millennium Partner.
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Hi Andrew.
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: Keith, I heard your response to Michelle's question about '08 guidance. I guess further to this, is it possible to identify the projects or elements that would allow the company to hit the top end of the '08 earnings guidance range, 5 to 5.5 per share, who would you suggest we focus on? Thanks so much.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, obviously the market, it's healthy right now and should the imports continue to be constrained and the pricing environment Flat-Rolled continued to improve or at least settle at the higher levels, that could have a positive impact, if resource costs do indeed back off in the spring. If they don't, it may well not have positive impacts. So, I mean the two sort of do go hand-in-hand a little, and I know they are probably disconnected more so today than they historically have been. I don't think that there is going to be a lot of change in the structural market. We do our best to forecast where we think the resource cost curve is going, and we look at that through the binoculars being able to recover that, principally in the shapes arena. So, I don't know we've already done that. We want to suggest there is probably a lot of upside, just unless we have a lot more of success would bring in these assets on stream earlier, that would probably be the only upside in the structural arena. It's kind of kind of tough to know where our fabrication is going to be settle out in the end with these brand new facilities just becoming active in the market and having better cost environments than they have experienced in the past that we've modeled better year in fabrication, we've modeled a talk about resources, we've modeled the adjusted EBITDA numbers that we saw in the past with Omni. And right now in the strength of the market don't foresee any change in that environment one way or another. Obviously, if prices remained at these levels throughout the year, there might be an opportunity for some increase in margins there, but I think it's really too early to make that comment.
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: Okay. Thanks for that. I'm looking at page 3 of the press release, projects status, and is there anything else within the control of the company, which again you think might or has the potential to evolve favorably, which would allow you to hit the top end of your '08 guidance, $5.50 a share?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, I think we pretty much laid it out for everybody, we thought that would be helpful to have a birds eye view of things that we are thinking about, and the timing of these projects. So, I don't know that we have any additional comment or anything we can add to that.
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: Okay. And then lastly on CapEx, I may have missed the full-year CapEx 2008?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We estimate to be between $350 million and $400 million.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: And the depreciation I think you gave at about $180 million.
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: And was that amortization included?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Okay. So that includes depreciation and amortization.
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: And the largest chunk of CapEx is to be spent on which?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About 45% of that would go to the structural and rail division [inaudible].
Andrew O Connor  Millennium Partner: Got you. Thanks guys.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we hear next from John Tumazos.
John Tumazos - Prudential Financial: Congratulations on $131 operating profit margin. This morning US Steel reported just $13 and last week AK Steel lamented contract pricing terms. It's hard to understand how their cost could be rising quicker when they don't rely on scrap? Is the competitive dynamic that the big auto customers have ratcheted contract prices down or that the integrated side of the competitive equation is cutting prices?
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Well, I don't think they are out there cutting prices in the spot market John. I think that I am not privy to specific contract results for each of these companies. But if you're not seeing it in the cost side, which is a fair logical conclusion that the scrap prices have impacted us to a greater degree perhaps then they have certain other competitors in the integrated arena. You wondered, if that margin compression isn't really occurring through the revenue side, and that would be something I would be thinking about. But these guys dont have any picnic either with world market prices for iron ore going up to the degree that they have. Some people are just in better position than others. Of course US is in a very strong position there. I think they probably had some operating issues scan their press release that held back perhaps the results to some degree, and they're hoping for a better quarter, but I dont know that I can help you at modeling the difference to our numbers and theirs.
John Tumazos - Prudential Financial: Congratulations on the good results.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will hear next from [inaudible].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my call.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Hi Bob.
Unidentified Analyst: Galvalume. Can you give some is there an alternative for hot-dip galvanizer?
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Sorry, I didn't catch that Bob.
Unidentified Analyst: Galvalume.
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: Galvalume is a different zinc alloy. It's a zinc aluminum alloy that gives higher corrosion protection, specially guaranteed, it is a trademark in actuality. And it is principally used in the building products trade for standing seam roofing. And the uniqueness of that actually being able to go up to 61-inch lift, we are able to make, what we call a double lift, [inaudible] and save a lot of costs and improve your efficiency in their line.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, is that necessarily a substitute for normal [inaudible] it is kind or like the next-generation?
Mark Millett  Executive Vice President of SDI, President and Chief Operating Officer for Flat Rolled Steels and Ferrous Resources: It's product diversification, which is another market. Yes.
Unidentified Company Representative: As Mark pointed out, most of that material is warranted for 20 years and 30 years and their preferred substrate would not be it would be Galvalume either exposed Galvalume or Galvalume painted.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. Thank you. And just one quick follow-up. And I appreciate your comments earlier on the scrap markets, and I understand it pricing could come down here with the warmer weather pending, but do you see enough structural reasons out there that we should expect scrap to be up year-over-year in '08 versus '07?
Unidentified Company Representative: Year-over-year, I think the global environment has changed and that's what's driving the rise in domestic scrap parts. I think over the last few years, we continue to see more and more impact of what's happening overseas, and the it's not just the demand coming from Asia, but policies put in place in Russia and demand in the Mediterranean region have reflected scrap prices. So, I think there is a fundamental sound rationale for us to expect scrap prices in '08 to remain higher than '07.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much and best of luck.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would agree with that Bob by the way, that comment that they probably will be year-over-year higher.
Operator: And your next from Charles Bradford with Bradford Research.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Hi, good afternoon. Can you talk a bit about the pig iron business, because I understand that CVRD has stopped chipping iron ore from some of the local pig iron guys and the price has soared. What do you see now for these parts of imported pig and does that have an influence on the higher grade scrap market?
Unidentified Company Representative: I'm not so sure that a major impact on the quality [inaudible] probably ran about 460, 470 right now. We have been out of the market for some time and we've got a pretty good inventory.
Unidentified Company Representative: And Chuck I think we're hoping that the inventory position that we have along with improved results at Iron Dynamics will grow a long way to getting this closer to mid '09 when Mesabi Nugget may well take the place to purchase pig iron for us.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Can you also get a comment about net interest? Can I get a forecast on gross would your interest income and equity income is relatively constant or would you see that changing?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Are you speaking to capitalized interest?
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Exactly.
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's a little harder to judge. We're going to continue to have a construction project throughout 2008. So, I would expect during the fourth quarter, we have capitalized interest of just little over $5 million. I would expect to see that same level throughout '08.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: And one last question. Can you talk a little bit about SG&A. Obviously that has jumped quite a bit with all the acquisitions. How should we model that for '08?
Theresa Wagler - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: SG&A tends to run pretty soundly at 5% of our net sales number. I will continue to see it at that level. During the fourth quarter, there were just some additions related to amortization, and as we hit the final evaluations for the OmniSource transaction, where amortization is growing to our SG&A, we'll break that up separately. But I would take 5% or 6% net sales as real good estimate.
Charles Bradford - Bradford Research: Thank you.
Operator: It seems we have no further questions at this time.
Keith Busse - Chairman and Chief Executive officer: Thank you operator. As always, it's been a pleasure to field your questions and let me just close by thanking the 6,000 dedicated people who work for this company. They're doing a terrific job; I mean just a terrific job. The company has a great culture, results have been great and we look forward to bigger, better things as we march forward. Thank you everyone for being interested in our company and thank you for the good questions that you always advance to us. Keep us on the edge of our chair or seat. So, look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.
