===== 2025 Q3  (2025-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer, and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and the detailed supplemental information for our March quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures, because the material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today, should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they're subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. In order to provide all analysts with the opportunity to participate, we thank you in advance for asking one primary question and then re-entering the queue. With that, I'll hand the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate delivered another solid quarter of profitable year-on-year growth and strong execution. Our third quarter results are highlighted by a 31% year-on-year increase in revenue and 81% growth in non-GAAP gross profit dollars. We continue to demonstrate strong financial leverage, expanding gross margin for the eighth straight quarter, and achieving the third highest operating margin in the company's history. This performance supported non-GAAP EPS performance at the top of our guidance range and increased free cash flow generation. These strong levels of performance reflect the combination of a healthy supply-demand environment for mass capacity storage and the proactive steps we've taken over the recent cycle to transform how we operate. Our supply discipline, the visibility we gain through our build-to-order strategy, and our execution on strategic pricing actions all contribute to sustainable and profitable growth over the long-term. In addition to strengthening our operating model, these factors further enhance our agility, which is critical to our ability to navigate the fluid business environment. Based on the latest trade policy announcements, we expect minimal impact to fourth quarter financial performance due to tariffs. We are continuing to monitor the situation and evaluate strategic solutions, including geographically shifting certain of our manufacturing processes and aligning our supply chains to mitigate risks associated with trade policies over the long-term should the need arise. In this dynamic macro landscape, we will continue to focus on managing controllable factors, while executing our aerial density driven technology roadmap, which delivers increasing value to our customers. Seagate's HAMR-based Mozaic drives represent the industry's only 3 terabyte per disk products. We are ramping volume to qualified customers and remain on track to qualify a broader range of cloud customers with shipments beginning in the second-half of calendar 2025. Turning to the demand environment, we are mindful that tariff measures could affect customer buying decisions. However, current demand indicators remain intact, particularly among global cloud customers. In the March quarter, cloud nearline revenue and exabytes were up by nearly 10% sequentially, almost doubling year-over-year amid a very tight supply environment. The growing demand for mass capacity storage aligns with the cloud CapEx investment cycle and ongoing build out of data center infrastructure to support AI transformations. Hard drives continue to store close to 90% of the bits in large scale data center deployments. Data center architects are highly sophisticated and have consistently employed a strategic mix of storage solutions to optimize scalability, cost efficiency, and workload performance. Reinforcing this approach, Google recently unveiled details about their foundational Colossus storage system, highlighting the use of SSDs for fast data access, while depending on hard drives for mass storage and data retention needs due to their scalability and cost benefits. This hybrid storage strategy is particularly vital for AI workloads that require access to massive data sets for training and inference, and subsequently generate valuable data content that users want to retain. For instance, training in an AI model to generate images requires billions of static pictures, while AI-based video generation demands thousands of hours of footage to accurately capture transitions and variations between frames. At 24 frames per second, each hour of video equates to roughly 80,000 images. Hard drives have historically benefited from the growth in video content on social media platforms and content delivery networks. Emerging text-to-video applications promise to revolutionize content creation and lower production costs likely to increase storage demand. In this context, hard drives are crucial for storing training data, maintaining model checkpoints, and preserving both interest and generated content. Over the past 18 months, large cloud and hyperscale customers have driven HDD demand growth. However, we have also started to see a pickup from smaller edge data centers and private clouds that seek to preserve their valuable data for privacy or sovereignty purposes. In the year ahead, nearline exabyte demand looks strong through calendar 2025, and we now have visibility of demand with several customers into the first-half of calendar 2026 as we negotiate new build-to-order agreements. Seagate is in a strong position to address the favorable demand outlook as we ramp shipments of our high-capacity drives. Our 24 and 28 terabyte PMR platforms continue to ramp aggressively, with exabyte shipments up roughly 60% quarter-over-quarter. Additionally, we are continuing to ramp HAMR-based products with our first hyperscale customer, and we are approaching the conclusion of our second major CSP qualification. Feedback from other cloud customers has been positive as they progress through their respective qualification timelines. We expect an appreciable increase in HAMR product shipments over the coming quarters as these future qualifications conclude. Based on the time required to fully scale HAMR production, we plan to fulfill build-to-order commitments through a blend of HAMR and PMR products over the next several quarters. It is becoming increasingly evident to both our customers and the market that HAMR is a groundbreaking technology that will extend TCO advantages for hard drives over other storage media for many years to come. More than a decade in the making, HAMR is pivotal in enabling Seagate to meet the world's exabyte demand growth through technology innovation rather than supply expansion, thereby supporting Seagate's ability to deliver sustained and profitable growth. I'll stop here and turn the call over to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you Dave. In the March quarter, we delivered strong earnings and free cash flow generation, underscored by solid execution and our focus on profitability. March quarter revenue came in at $2.16 billion, above the midpoint of our guidance and down 7% sequentially, limited by the temporary supply constraints we discussed last quarter. Despite lower revenue levels, we expanded non-GAAP gross margin by 70 basis points sequentially to 36.2%, supported by strong adoption of our high-capacity nearline drives. Non-GAAP operating margin increased to 23.5% of revenue sequentially. Our result in non-GAAP EPS was $1.90, which is the top hand of our guided range. Within our hard drive business, continuous strength in nearline cloud demand partially offset the anticipated decline across most of the other end markets, due to typical seasonality and allocation of our available supply. Hard drive revenue was $2 billion, down 8% sequentially on volume shipment of 144 exabyte, compared with 151 exabytes in the December quarter. Mass capacity revenue declined sequentially by $145 million to $1.7 billion, which represents a 48% increase year-on-year. Mass capacity shipments of 133 exabytes were down 5% sequentially and up 50% year-on-year. Nearline represented roughly 90% of mass capacity volume in the March quarter, with shipment of 120 exabytes, down 5% sequentially, while up 55% year-on-year. We continue to experience strong product-based demand for our 24 and 28 terabytes PMR products, which remains the highest revenue and exabyte volume product family. The richer mix of these higher capacity drives, along with initial volume ramp of HAMR-based products, drove a sizable uptick in average nearline drive capacity for the quarter. Sales of our legacy products totaled $254 million, down 8% sequentially, primarily reflecting expected seasonal trend in the consumer markets. Finally, revenue for our other businesses, which include systems, SSD, and repurposed drives, was relatively flat at $157 million. Moving on to the rest of the income statement, non-GAAP gross profit was $781 million, compared with $825 million in the prior quarter and $432 million in the prior year period. At the company level, non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 70 basis points to 36.2% sequentially, and expanded by over 1,000 basis points year-over-year. We continue to benefit from a favorable mix, including increased adoption of our latest generation products and ongoing pricing adjustments. These factors support non-GAAP gross margin from the hard drive business above the corporate average. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $274 million, down 5% quarter-over-quarter. Relative to our plan, we benefit from the timing from R&D related material expenses and certain one-off items. For your awareness, the September quarter will have 14-weeks instead of the typical 13-week period. As a result, we expect to incur higher operating expenses for the period. However, revenue patterns tend to be based on calendar quarters and would therefore be largely unaffected by the additional week. We will provide further clarity on our July earning calls. Other income and expenses decreased 7% sequentially to $80 million, due to lower interest expenses from retiring debt and is expected to remain relatively flat in the June quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $563 million, compared to $591 million in the prior quarter and $278 million a year ago, doubling year-on-year. Non-GAAP net income was $407 million, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.90 per share, based on diluted share count of approximately 214 million shares. We are managing the business for long-term durability, optimizing both profitability and cash generation. In the March quarter, we increased free cash flow generation to $216 million, compared with $150 million in the prior period. Based on our current outlook, we expect free cash flow generation to improve sequentially for the rest of the calendar year. Inventory remains flat at $1.5 billion, as we prepare to support future demand growth, including HAMR products. Capital expenditures were $43 million for the quarter and represent roughly 3% of revenue for fiscal year-to-date as we continue to maintain capital discipline. We returned $152 million to shareholder through the quarterly dividend and close the March quarter with ample liquidity of $2.1 billion, including our undrawn amount of $1.3 billion from our new revolving credit facilities. Our debt balance was $5.1 billion at the end of the March quarter after retiring approximately $536 million of debt during the quarter, consistent with our intent to reduce debt. Our resulting net leverage ratio was 2.1 times, and we expect to see further reduction in the coming quarters. Turning now to our June quarter outlook, we have continued to see robust demand for our high capacity nearline products across the global cloud customer base, which along with incremental improvement in the VIA market are expected to drive revenue and profits higher in the June quarter. As noted earlier, we currently forecast minimal direct impact from tariff policies and will be monitoring for secondary impacts, including changes in customer demand. Based on what we know today, we expect June quarter revenue to be in a range of $2.4 billion, plus or minus $150 million. At the midpoint, this reflects 11% improvement sequentially and 27% improvement year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $285 million. And at the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand into the mid-20s percentage range. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $2.40, plus or minus $0.20, based on a diluted share account of approximately 214 million shares, and non-GAAP tax expense of roughly $10 million. As a reminder, starting in fiscal 2026, we estimate a tax rate in the mid-teens, as the various jurisdictions in which we operate adopt the pillar to global minimum tax. To close, we are continuing to demonstrate strong financial discipline and operating leverage that support both profitable growth and greater agility to navigate the dynamic macro environment. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I would like to conclude by reiterating three key points that underscore my excitement for Seagate's opportunities over the long-term. First, we've transformed our business model and made a cultural shift to prioritize profits and cash generation with a sustained focus on driving healthy industry supply demand fundamentals. Second, these changes are taking place amid secular growth tailwinds for mass capacity storage that are underpinned by the ever increasing rise in data generation and data value. And third, Seagate's winning technology platform and clear roadmap positions us to capitalize on those tailwinds to deliver sustained profitable growth with agility. We look forward to sharing more about how this winning combination of technology leadership, profitable growth and healthy industry fundamentals set Seagate up for even greater success at our investor and analyst event taking place on May 22. I'd like to thank our global teams, supply partners, and customers for your ongoing contributions to our success and to our shareholders for your continued support. Operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and nice quarter here. I know you guys were capacity constrained in the March quarter. So can you maybe just help us better understand how and where you got some of the upside in the quarter with that supply shortage? And as I just extend that to the June quarter. How do we think about the risk of pull forward impacting June quarter revenue? Or maybe if I asked you differently, if you guided to the June quarter a month ago, would you have still guided to $2.4 billion of revenue at the midpoint? Or has anything changed over the last month as it relates to your ability to your customers maybe needs to pull forward any demand? Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks for the question, Eric. Simple answer is yes, we would have guided the same thing a month ago, and that's largely this predictability that we've built in through the build-to-order process playing through. We were under serving the market last quarter. I think that's probably true not only for Seagate, but for other players in the market, we'll be able to assess that more over time. And some of that's due to our operational issues that we had. We discussed this back in November. Really came through last quarter. Those operational issues have been fixed. And so all that's been planned for quite some time that affects the Q4 guide here that's in front of us. As far as longer term, the build-to-order continues to serve us quite well. And we're doing it through product transitions as well, which helps the qualification predictability and all other financial aspects of Seagate. So, I'm quite pleased with that.
Operator: The next question is from Asiya Merchant with Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the question and great quarter. If I can just if you can double click on where we are with HAMR, you know, where you are with your qualifications with your other customers and how much did HAMR contribute to the March quarter results? And how we should think about the contribution of HAMT to your bytes as you progress through calendar ‘25. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Asiya. Yes, I'll let Gianluca speak specifically to the numbers. HAMR is growing quite well. I would say quarter-over-quarter since the last time we spoke. We're still on the exact same plan. So I'm very happy with the qualification progress. And we'll share a little bit more of that in the May 22 Analyst Day. So I'd say please attend. Relative to how we are standing right now, we talked about in the prepared remarks one qualification, a major CSP almost complete and we have another quite a few in flight as well, so…
Gianluca Romano: Yes, also, now referring back to Erik's question about the revenue increase, compared to the midpoint of our guidance, I would say that is actually coming from more volume on HAMR products. So where we were able to squeeze a bit more supply during the quarter was mainly on the HAMR part. And HAMR is ramping very, very well and very rapidly. And we will disclose more about HAMR future development in a few weeks from now at the Analyst Day.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I just did, you know, on the call today, you've discussed the industry on your shipping end demand. You're seeing new demand from NeoClouds and others. So the question is, how is your visibility improved? What kind of sense of urgency are you getting from your customers? And I guess is that extending beyond kind of a 52-week lead time? And last part of the third part question would be, how do you see that kind of playing out in pricing over time? Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, C.J. I think there's two components to your question, obviously. The build-to-order, as we've discussed about the remainder of this calendar year and already into next calendar year, we're starting to have visibility. People are building data centers and refreshing data centers need that predictability of supply, and we need that as far as running our own shop. So all of that is run fairly predictably. There's occasionally swaps where some -- for some reason somebody comes down and another person needs more, but I think that's what we mean by healthy supply demand and agility. And relative to pricing you know as we continue to plow through these product transitions, especially at higher and higher capacity points, we negotiate those new build-to-order agreements with that in mind. You know, we need to continue to get paid more and more for what we do because we're making the requisite investments to make these people more efficient in their own data center. So there's a win-win there and we're factoring that into all forward-looking financial discussions.
Operator: The next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes, thank you. You just reported an increase of 70 bps in gross margins, even when the nearline was down quarter-to-quarter in total. In the June quarter, you're guiding a similar gross margin expansion, but nearline, I think, should be up quarter-on-quarter. So why are we not seeing more upside on June quarter for margins? And is the cloud versus enterprise mix changing significantly in the June quarter, because it feels like it was very tilted cloud in the March quarter, if you can square those? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, thank you, Wamsi, I'm happy you have strong expectations. I think we are doing a very good job in driving our profitability up every quarter since like eight quarters as Dave said in the prepared remarks. Mix is important to us. So of course, no nearline and cloud in particular will be higher in the June quarter. And we have no build-to-order, we have contracts and depending from the time of the negotiation of those contracts, we have price increase in certain quarters that are maybe higher than other quarters. But I would say the important is the trend is continuing, the strategy is strong, and we will continue to deliver.
Dave Mosley: I think the other thing, Wamsi, is that we also underserved the market quite a bit in Q3. And now we're back to serving customers the way we want to. So, you know, all this is long-term planning, but we prioritize in particular the certain segments that Q3 needed where we actually had product for them.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Hadi Orabi: Hey guys, this is Hadi for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. Your guidance includes minimal impact from the tariffs in place, and that makes sense due to the 90-day exemption. But I wonder if these tariffs were to take place in the September quarter, how should we think about the impact on the financial model? Like, is there a time lag where you guys might take the tariff hit initially? And initially, and it's a matter of quarter or two until you raise prices or you expect to pass through tariff related costs right away? I just wonder like if you can share any color on how your conversation is going with customers about pricing, how long it would take you guys to pass through tariff related costs would be helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Eddie. It's a complex world. Like you said, there's many scenarios being run. And our first response is to go work the supply chain or operational details, such as the rules are with our customers. And that will impact their demand, what they want, where, when. Ultimately, as we drive through these product transitions, as we talked about before, we're going to be adding more value, so we have a chance to reset the negotiation. Passing through the cost is a last resort option, but we'll factor that in any cost increases due to whatever reasons into the go forward model. I think everyone understands that we need those margins, as I referenced before, to go reinvest in our business and keep driving forward the technology, which is great value to the customer. So I won't get into specifics about what the different scenarios are because we just don't know yet, but you know, operationally we've dealt with these kinds of problems before and we'll deal with them again. I think we're very agile, nimble operationally to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a nice set of numbers here. Dave, as we look at the predictability in the business and you sort of talked about you see nearline exabyte demand I think looking strong not just to the end of this year, but also into early ‘26. Does that imply that you expect to see sequential revenue growth, gross margin expansion in the back half versus what you folks are guiding to June? I'd love to just understand how much visibility you have in the back half? And then maybe someone related to that, you know, Meta had a white paper out, I think, in the last 90-days, which got a lot of attention in terms of how QLC could be used almost as a new storage medium between traditional flash and nearline. Would love to get your perspective on that and if you see that having any sort of dampening effect in the nearline drives over the long-term. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Sure, Amit. I'll let Gianluca take the gross margin, then I'll take the flash discussion.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Amit our plan has not changed. As we were discussing also in prior quarters, we see opportunity to grow revenue, profitability. Of course, this is our current expectation. We need to wait and see if there are any new rules that could impact this view, but currently we have no reason to change our expectations.
Dave Mosley: And on the discussion about the meta blog, I've read it. My first reaction was it's a fairly niche application and it makes sense. I mean, there's a lot of different types of applications in the cloud, some of which may benefit from QLC-NAND, especially if they're very read intensive. But I don't think that it comes anywhere close to disrupting the general blend of NAND and HDD in the cloud, in the larger cloud. Again, NAND is a very critical technology for everyone. And the data center architects know how to manage it. We pointed to a Google white paper as well in the prepared remarks. And there are others out there. I think a lot of our customers are some of the best storage architects in the world. And they're making these decisions very consciously, spreading the workload, if you will, to maximize cost power performance, so on and so forth. And so from a hard drive perspective, we still believe there's a very substantial cost differential between any kind of manned and hard drives, especially in the performance tiers that we have to operate in. And hard drives are much, much more capital efficient. We can add exabytes to the world in a much more capital efficient way. What I'm kind of excited about on this front is there's a bigger move to disaggregated storage, which is decouple compute from storage investments. And if that's the case, I think for some cloud service providers and even some on-prem instances, there's more opportunities for HDDs rather than less. Q - Amit Daryanani Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Excuse me. The next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jacob Wilhelm: Hi, this is Jacob on for Aaron. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the results. I was wondering if you could get some color on how material you see emerging AI inference storage your mid to long-term TAM. And how, if at all, hyperscale purchasing patterns have changed over the last few quarters or two to support the ongoing shift in training to inference driven by some of these newer reasoning models?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jacob. What we would have said 3 or 4 quarters ago was the first recovery, if you will, of the cloud was largely based on video applications, which a lot of people might call that AI models themselves. I think you have to be a little bit careful with this to the extent that large language models are opening up data analytics to much larger data sets. I think we're still in the early days of that. And then relative to new video applications, I think that's still in our future. So quite excited about it. There's a lot of -- and we've made some prepared remarks on this. There's a lot of new video applications coming that we believe that stores will really benefit from. And then there are bigger and bigger framing sets, if you will. And some of those training sets, as they're adjusted, they have to spin off more data that has to be stored so that you can go back and prove that they did it right, that data infrastructure that's going to come behind AI is residing to us.
Jacob Wilhelm: Great. Thanks, And then I was wondering if you could just give a little additional color on your capital allocation priorities moving into the back half of the year and how that's changed, if at all, given the increased tariff uncertainties? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: No changes, but I'll let Gianluca answer specific.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we are still working on reducing our debt. As you know, we have done a big step forward in the March quarter. We reduced more than $500 million of our debt, but we are still not at the level we want. So in the next few quarters, we will continue to address that level. And as we said, after that, we will start working on the share buyback. And of course, we were always focusing on our dividends.
Jacob Wilhelm: Great. Thank you so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jacob.
Operator: The next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi, thanks, good quarter. Dave, just a quick question on HAMR side. Just wondering how -- on the mix of HAMR be, let's say, exiting fiscal '26. And then Gianluca, are you still comfortable with the road map to the mid-40% -- gross margin as you look out? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We haven't guided exactly how fast our HAMR transition is going to be, although as these qualifications complete as we referenced earlier, we're going to continue to accelerate. So I'm happy with the progress that the team has made right now. And I think as we look forward, there will be more and more HAMR drives in the world very, very soon. So I'm excited about that.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. For the gross margin, as I said before, we continue to improve every quarter. So this is our objective. We are -- and I think you need to wait a few more weeks to have a better idea of the model for the future. But the important is, we have a strong demand. We have a very good mix, and this is, of course, helping in improving the profitability. The gross margin and operating margin. I would like to bring your attention on the very strong operating margin that we are generating at this point.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had a multipart question. So guiding revenue of $250 million. How much of that's related to the $200 million that you lost in March, I know it's probably a little hard to tell. But I guess the question is like, have you caught up with demand yet? That's the first part. And then the back part is, I would think that customers are probably placing double orders, but how could you tell if there were? Are there enforceable pieces that come with the orders? I know you're talking about there's ability now into next year. How do you know how much of that is real? Are there penalties that are associated with these? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tim. So the build-to-order model, especially when we realized that we had these supply constraints now more than three months ago, we are communicating that specifically to the customers. This is long before any of the current macro issues have arisen. From my perspective, Q4 is happening to plan and Q1 will happen to plan half of that as well. That's how these build-to-order models are giving us that predictability.
Gianluca Romano: I would say it's difficult to say how much of that $200 million demand that we're not able to serve in March is now the demand in June. Of course, the demand shift to the future and it's probably not part in June. And as I said before, we expect revenue to grow even in the following quarter. So it's just a situation where demand is above supply. I have no -- I don’t think we have any evidence of double orders. So I don't share that comment from you, but I will just say demand is continuing to go in the direction that we had even before even a quarter ago or two quarter ago. Now the build-to-order are not changing in the next few quarters and as they’ve said now we ae starting negotiating event calendar of '26.
Dave Mosley: I think the other thing is that the data center infrastructure, the investments that need to be made are not these temporal things anymore, and there's not a lot of excess supply as we just said that to pull forward or to do deals at the end of quarters anyway. So as these new applications come online, we're not seeing any inventory buildup we're seeing people demand the demand be fairly stable. This is the point of the build-to-order. So happy that some of the new applications are starting to launch more and more data. And I think this it's been a fairly predictable world for us other than the supply issue that we had.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, thanks guys. Appreciate you guys taking the question. Dave, just on sort of new data center creation. I guess the question is for Gen AI data centers, out like what's -- a decent way -- is there a decent way to think about sort of typical storage consumption into a Gen AI data center relative to like a classic cloud data center. I guess any context there would be useful.
Dave Mosley: It's really hard, Ananda I think there are many different kinds of applications, and we're all looking for which are the killer apps and what order do they take off. And from our perspective, some of the early applications around large language models are very compute-intensive and opening up bigger, bigger data sets to be ingested and analyzed maybe data sets that are old, things from the past, makes data more valuable. As I said before, still early days of that. And then if you get into the types of Gen AI that actually create new data, video applications and things like that, very exciting for storage, long-term storage as well. But it's still very early days.
Ananda Baruah: And I guess just a follow-on there. Is there -- and this may be getting sort of like two in the week, but do you guys have any sense on if you're starting to see more storage arrays, well, sort of more nearline drives that they use for their own storage arrays be placed into what's been existing data centers any context there?
Dave Mosley: Yes. What I would say is that and I referenced this already, this concept of disaggregated storage is much more interesting. So that compute and storage is decoupled to some extent. And then if you need to scale storage, you can without the overhead and costs associated with adding more compute to that. So the compute can scale one way and that storage can scale the other. That, to me, is a more interesting trend as applications develop that need to ingest and spin off more and more storage than that storage investment will be relatively more efficient. So I'm really interested in those architectural changes.
Ananda Baruah: That’s great. I appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. June 14 the quarter, you're saying OpEx is impacted, but no real change on the revenue side. You guys are kind of talking about a continued growth profile into the back half of the year talking about good visibility. Should we be thinking about September, any kind of headwind from that 14-weeks? Or does the same rule apply to the back half of the year with just revenue unaffected? Do we need to be kind of discounting that September quarter after the stronger June?
Gianluca Romano: In general, when you have this extra week in the quarter is only impacting your OpEx. It's not really impacting your revenues. Revenues are generally negotiated based on a quarter, not based on a week.
Dave Mosley: And Tom, I think I heard you say June quarter. That will be the September quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. September, it is 14-weeks.
Thomas O'Malley: Excuse me, sorry for mistaking. I was just talking about the stemmer. Yes, thank you. And then the second is just if you look at the exabyte shipments, like rewind the clock, you're kind of getting back to where you were kind of pre-pandemic from a total exabyte shipments. I think you guys have talked about like 160 exabytes is kind of the range where you need technology transitions to move ahead of that? So I guess part one is when do you guys think -- do you think that this is in the next fiscal year that you're going to kind of hit that wall because it sounds like you're accelerating very quickly. And then secondarily, like on the pricing side, I know you talked about direct impact to tariffs. But indirect impacts, oftentimes, the conversation comes up, will your large customers be more aggressive with pricing. Do you feel like you're going to -- have you seen any behavior change to your customers? Are you safeguarding against that with this view that you have your kind of fully baked already? Thank you, I know that was a bunch there.
Dave Mosley: No worries. So recall our strategy, we're adding exabyte capacity through aerial density technology, which makes our ability to serve the market more and more efficient. As we do that, we can grow revenue and profit and deliver better value to customers as well. So I wouldn't think about 160 or 165 as being the peak ever. The drives are much more exabyte efficient than they used to be. And so we're really excited about our ability to deliver more and more exabytes and therefore, see that kind of growth. From the broader perspective, tactically, we have not really seen very much impact from customers changing anything, one way or the other. Nobody is losing their place in line. People are still making the data center infrastructure investments they are because data infrastructure is key to some of this cloud applications or the AI applications that are going to come and so we expect predictability from that, and that's what we need as manufacturers as well as predictability. So that's one of the reasons we've driven these new strategies.
Thomas O'Malley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. A quick follow-up on the question you just addressed about adding exabyte capacity. So in an environment where you were in shortfall a quarter ago, do you have to -- and assuming your utilization rates are pretty much at peak. So are you dedicating more CapEx to ramp capacity? How linear is this of a step function? And are you going to pose on any capacity ramp because of the uncertainty of indirect effect of tariffs?
Dave Mosley: Thanks for the question, Tristan. So the issue that we had in supply that really manifested itself last quarter, but that started in wafer last summer actually, during August. That issue was only on PMR products. And so we have the HAMR technology products. We've already planned the CapEx. So we don't need to add any additional CapEx to continue to ramp the HAMR products. I say this all the time, we already have this advanced manufacturing that's some of the most sophisticated manufacturing of the world build these devices atom by atom by atom. It takes a long, long time. And we're going to continue to invest in that -- some of that investment is in the U.S. as well. So we're going to continue to invest in that, but we need demand predictability. We need to be able to predict the rate of return. Right now, we're fairly happy with where our capital is versus the demand that we see. And maintaining an eye with healthy supply-demand balance. Should there be more demand than we can address that when we need to, but we haven't done that just yet.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we are not planning for more heads or media production, but of course, those hasn’t meet or will generate a higher volume of exabytes, because of the technology transition. And this is how we want to address the increasing demand.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Miller with the Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: Congrats on your quarter, and thanks for the question. I’m wondering if you have seen any recent or do you expect any significant changes and data center CapEx by your major hyperscale customers? And second question is any significant component sourcing out of China?
Dave Mosley: So Mark, I would say that we have recoupled supply chains long ago. So I think we can control sourcing whatever we need to make sure that we don't run out of parts or there aren't any significant cost impacts. So that's one of the reasons why we said whatever has happened so far has been minimal. But we always watch specific sourcing issues to make sure that we have what we need. I think there are geocentric options for anything that we need from a sourcing perspective. And relative to predictability of the customers, their demand. We've said before that this has been fairly predictable. Some of it is because the market has been underserved, but we're running the play and there's visibility into more demand in the back half of the year and even people are starting to book into calendar year '26 because data center infrastructure is very important in their business models. It's a relatively small percentage of their CapEx to is what they spend on storage. So given how important it is and how data continues to grow, they're making that a priority.
Mark Miller: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks very much, Gary. I'd also like to take the opportunity to once again thank our employees and our customers and our suppliers for contributing to our results and our shareholders for your support. We look forward to speaking with you in a few weeks at our analyst event May 2. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today, and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may impact our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. In order to provide all analysts with the opportunity to participate, we thank you in advance for asking one primary question and then reentering the queue. With that, I'll now hand the call over to you, Dave.
David Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate closed out calendar 2024 on a strong note, driving 7% sequential revenue growth in the December quarter. Our non-GAAP gross margin expanded by more than 200 basis points and non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded $2 for the first time in 12 quarters, underscoring our continued focus on profitability. Our performance was supported by increased demand across nearly all markets we serve with the most significant growth in the cloud sector. This broad-based demand from global cloud customers led to an almost doubling of nearline product revenue in the December quarter on a year-on-year basis and close to 60% nearline revenue growth for the entire calendar year. We are experiencing strong momentum with our areal density-driven roadmap, which positions us well to offer compelling storage solutions to our customers and also supports our expectation for significant profitable revenue growth for fiscal 2025 and beyond. We continue to advance our product roadmap and have achieved several key milestones related to our HAMR-based Mozaic platform in the December quarter. We completed qualification and started to ramp HAMR-based products to our initial CSP customer. Earlier today, we also announced sampling of Mozaic drives with capacities of up to 36 terabytes. Overall, Seagate is in an outstanding competitive and technology position in a strengthening demand environment. Prior to discussing the end-market environment, I'll briefly address the production issue that we disclosed last month, which has led to supply constraints for the March quarter. Gianluca will provide details on our fiscal Q3 outlook. However, I can confirm that this issue has been resolved, we are able to meet our built-to-order commitments to major customers, and we expect the revenue impact to be limited to the March quarter. Now, turning to the mass capacity markets, cloud remains the primary demand driver. The surge in nearline product demand that I referenced earlier aligns with the nearly 50% increase in cloud capital investments made by our customers in 2024 with their CapEx expected to continue growing in calendar 2025. We believe hyperscale customers are continuing to manage their inventory levels well while making infrastructure investments to support growing demand for traditional services, advertising, and e-commerce as well as emerging GenAI applications. These applications will be prolific creators of data. And given that a substantial volume of the data will be stored on HDDs, we expect GenAI to drive future mass capacity storage growth. This is particularly true of data-rich imagery and video content created by GenAI models, which is projected to expand nearly 170 times from 2024 through 2028. Today, HDDs play a crucial role in housing the massive datasets required for training AI models serving as central repositories when these datasets are not actively being processed by GPUs. These mass storage data lakes form the backbone of trustworthy AI by storing checkpoints or snapshots of AI model datasets, ensuring that data is both retained and available in the future for continuous model refinement. A recent survey of over 1,000 business leaders and AI decision-makers underscores the critical importance of data retention and checkpoints in enhancing the quality of AI outcomes. These insights are not only applicable for the cloud, but also the edge where the vast majority of data is generated. The enterprise markets fall under this edge umbrella. We expect enterprises to replicate and store more data locally at the edge as AI computing and inferencing moves closer to the source of data generation. VIA is another opportunity-rich market at the edge. For some time now, we've spoken about the increased adoption of AI analytics within the VIA markets, which help form actionable insights from data for applications such as smart cities and smart factories. In the December quarter, average drive capacities for VIA products set a record, reflective of increasing uses of video analytics as well as longer data retention periods. Overall, we believe mass capacity storage remains both an enabler and a beneficiary of these emerging data trends. Seagate is in a great position to address the resulting demand growth through our areal density-driven product roadmap. As we've shared in the past, we are maintaining a disciplined approach in planning our production capacity. We will leverage technology transitions to support exabyte growth rather than adding new head and media unit capacity. Looking at our long-term roadmap, our Mozaic-based technology provides Seagate with a highly capital-efficient means to satisfy growing exabyte demand to deliver a strong TCO value proposition for our customers and expand profitability over the long term for the company. Today, we have continued to ramp our 24-28 terabyte PMR platform, which has rapidly become our top product platform in terms of both revenue and exabyte shipments. At 30 terabytes or higher, our Mozaic HAMR technology delivers leading capacities and is gaining momentum across our customer base. There are now multiple customers qualified on this platform across each of the mass capacity end markets. Currently, we are ramping volume to our lead CSP customer while progressing on qualifications at additional cloud and hyperscale customers. These qualifications will set the foundation for the next phase of our Mozaic volume ramp starting in the second half of calendar 2025. We are confident that our Mozaic HAMR technology provides a strong and sustainable competitive advantage at scale for mass capacity storage and underpins a cost-efficient roadmap to build on those advantages. Consistent with feedback we've received from many cloud customers, AWS highlighted at their recent re:Invent conference that adopting the highest capacity hard disk drives allows their storage system architecture to lower costs, conserve floor space, and reduce power consumption. Data center architects will continue to adopt both hard disk drive storage and compute-oriented memory technologies such as NAND Flash to support the breadth of their workloads. NAND is best suited for high-throughput, low-latency tasks, while hard disk drives remain the preferred storage solution for the bulk of data storage needed in the cloud. We do not see these dynamics changing over the foreseeable future due to several advantages that HDDs hold over NAND. HDDs offer customers at least six times lower cost per terabyte of storage capacity. They possess a significantly smaller embodied carbon footprint and provide manufacturing scale that is highly capital-efficient. Wrapping up, Seagate is in position to deliver further improvements in revenue and profitability in fiscal 2025. Looking out further, the path is set up for Seagate with our steadfast focus on supply discipline in a favorable demand environment, a leading technology roadmap, and the tailwind of AI's massive data storage requirements. I'll turn it over to Gianluca now.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate's strong December quarter results were highlighted by 50% growth in revenue and a four-fold increase in non-GAAP operating income on a year-over-year basis. We delivered December quarter revenue of $2.33 billion, up 7% sequentially. We increased non-GAAP operating income 22% sequentially to $538 million, translating to a non-GAAP operating margin of 23.1% of revenue. And our non-GAAP EPS was $2.03, at the high end of our guidance range, reflecting strong adoption of our high-capacity nearline drives along with ongoing price adjustment and cost discipline. Within our Hard Disk Drive business, revenue increased 8% to $2.2 billion with volume shipment of 151 exabytes, up from 138 exabytes in the September quarter. Mass Capacity revenue grew for the sixth consecutive quarter, reflecting continued strength in nearline cloud demand, along with anticipated improvement in the enterprise and OEM markets and seasonal uplift from VIA customers. Mass Capacity revenue and exabyte shipments both increased 9% sequentially and totaled $1.9 billion and 140 exabytes respectively. Starting this quarter, we are including nearline exabyte shipped to VIA customers within our overall nearline exabyte reporting. Many VIA customers are adopting nearline drives consistent with the shift toward more cloud-like solutions that we had highlighted last quarter. Consequently, we believe this reporting change more accurately reflects how customers are utilizing these drives and aligns with industry reporting standards. With this change to all periods presented, Seagate's total nearline shipments were 126 exabytes in the December quarter, up from 114 exabytes in the prior period. Our performance reflects strong demand for our 24 and 28 terabyte PMR products, particularly among cloud customers, as well as continued improvement in enterprise marked by record-high average drive capacity for the second consecutive quarter, extending the trend for a higher storage content per server unit. Sales of our Legacy products totaled $275 million, up 2% sequentially, supported by higher seasonal demand in the consumer market. Finally, for our Other business, which includes systems, SSD, and refurbished drives, revenue was $156 million, down slightly from last quarter as lower SSD revenue was partially offset by improved system demand. Moving on to the rest of the income statement, non-GAAP gross profit increased 14% sequentially in the December quarter to $825 million. This increase reflects continued revenue growth of Mass Capacity products, increasing mix of new high-capacity drives, ongoing price adjustment, and cost efficiencies. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 220 basis points to 35.5% at the company level, marking our seventh consecutive quarter of sequential gross margin improvement. Non-GAAP gross margin for the HDD business remained significantly higher than the corporate average. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $287 million, consistent with our plans and up 2% quarter-over-quarter. Other income and expense was stable at $86 million and are expected to be relatively flat in the March quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased 19% sequentially in the December quarter to $591 million. Non-GAAP net income increased to $433 million, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $2.03 per share, based on a diluted share count of approximately 213 million shares. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet. We continue to focus on driving free cash flow generation, which increased to $150 million in the December quarter compared with $27 million in the prior period. We continue to expect free cash flow generation to improve sequentially through the rest of the fiscal year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $71 million. For fiscal 2025, we will maintain capital discipline and continue to expect CapEx to be at the low end of the long-term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue. We returned $148 million to shareholders through the quarterly dividend and closed the December quarter with $2.7 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolving credit facility. Inventory increased slightly to $1.5 billion, primarily to support the ramp of new high-capacity products. Our debt balance was $5.7 billion at the end of December quarter. Consistent with our intent to reduce debt, we retired approximately $479 million of notes as they matured in early January. As a result, we have no debt obligation until late fiscal 2027. We exited the December quarter with a net leverage ratio of 2.5 times and expect to see further reduction in the coming quarters. Turning now to our March quarter outlook. We expect ongoing demand strength from cloud customers to partially offset seasonal decline in the VIA and legacy markets, along with the supply constraints that we have already discussed. We still expect to meet our build-to-order commitments, but our ability to respond to in-quarter volume upside opportunities will be limited. Consequently, embedded in our guidance is approximately $200 million of revenue impact from these supply constraints. With that as a context, March quarter revenue is expected to be in the range of $2.1 billion plus or minus $150 million. At the midpoint, this reflects more than 25% year-over-year improvement. Despite supply limitation in the March quarter, ongoing demand for our latest generation nearline products, including Mozaic, offers the potential for sequential improvement in gross margin performance. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $290 million and at the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to remain in the low-20% range. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be $1.70 plus or minus $0.20 based on a diluted share count of approximately 214 million shares, and non-GAAP tax expense of roughly $20 million. In summary, Seagate's strong December quarter financial performance underscores our continued focus on enhancing profitability, optimizing cash generation, and driving growth. As we focus on capturing the significant opportunities ahead, we will remain diligent in supporting a healthy supply and demand environment, which we believe positions Seagate to deliver further improvements in revenue and enhance profitability this fiscal year and beyond. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
David Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. As data value continues to increase, so too does the strategic relevance of mass capacity storage, particularly in the era of AI. Against this backdrop, Seagate is executing a strong product and technology roadmap to deliver a compelling value proposition for our customers. In short, we are responding with technology to store the world's data. We've crossed an exciting inflection point with our Mozaic HAMR platform now ramping volume to address customer demand at exabyte scale. The Mozaic platform provides a capital-efficient solution for Seagate to sustain areal density leadership and effectively address the growing demand for mass storage. This paves the way for Seagate to offer significant economic advantages both to our customers and the company. These achievements are only possible through the hard work of Seagate's global team. I extend my thanks to them as well as recognize our suppliers, customers, and shareholders for their ongoing support. Operator, let's now open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. Maybe, Dave, maybe just to start, if I look to past June quarters, I know we're getting ahead of ourselves here, but we've seen sequential growth historically. And in light of your positive demand comments and the fact that March quarter supply issues would be transitory, how do you think about that incremental $200 million of shortfall in the March quarter? What exactly happens there? Does it get pushed to June? Does it get pushed to multiple quarters in the future? Can you just help us understand kind of the magnitude and timing of when you expect to call that back? Thanks so much.
David Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Erik. As you know, we've tried really hard to get predictable in the last couple of years, especially with the downturn. And so as we come out of it, we've really valued that predictability. This temporary issue that we're dealing with limited to this quarter only, I think as we look out further and further, especially through some of the product transitions that are coming, we have confidence in the predictability. And so I think the exabytes are going to continue to grow, demand is going to continue to grow, we're confident in that and we'll get through those product transitions as well, which allows us to grow our margin profile as well. So, I do think this is a very temporary issue.
Operator: The next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to clarify the comment about the transitory nature of this $200 million. So, if it is transitory, should we think that the true baseline for March was $2.3 billion? And then June should be sequentially up from that. That's just a clarification, if you could clarify that. And my main question is really around the fact that you've seen six quarters of really strong nearline and mass capacity exabyte shipment increases. Historically, these have been 1.5 to 2-year cycles and then there's a period of a pause. Can you perhaps maybe, Dave, share your view on where we are in the cycle and anything that you see that could cause the cycle to turn in 2025? Thank you so much.
David Mosley: Yes, Wamsi. I think we're still pretty early in calling this a cycle because the overbuild at the start of the pandemic was probably substantial. And then the last two years, the exabyte shipments has been really low. So, it's a very profound cycle compared to those previous ones that we had seen before. That said, these build-to-order -- the build-to-order discipline that we have is giving us good predictability and people continue to ask for, with that predictability, more certainty of the build-outs that they're doing, the data centers that they built need population, the refreshes that they're doing of old gear, the wholesale replaced entire data centers to uplift their capacity. I think the whole industry and supply chain is getting more predictable and quite happy about that. So, that gives us confidence through this calendar year. Relative to kind of like Erik's question, same one you asked, relative to this issue that we have this quarter, it's really hard to tell in that predictable behavior that we're doing for say, a year in a build-to-order or visibility that's even going beyond a year, whether or not this quarter effect is a pull-in or is a push-out, that's really hard. But I'm confident in the financial expectations that we have. And I'm also confident in these product transitions that we have that that's building value for our customers and we're going to be able to execute them. So, that's how I think about it. Gianluca, do you want to add something?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. No, related to the part of the question on the impact to the March quarter, now the answer -- short answer is yes. We could have been higher. Now demand is there. Unfortunately, for the short term, we don't have the volume to satisfy the demand. So, we could have of course achieved a higher level of revenue. But as Dave said, we see further improvement through the calendar year. So, it is not going to impact our overall results.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question -- excuse me, the next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Gianluca, when I look at your guidance, it seems like your March quarter gross margin is about 36% give or take. And you said HAMR is obviously going to be accretive to numbers, and both you and Dave seem pretty optimistic on nearline for the rest of the year. So, is it fair to assume, as the nearline grows, the gross margin should improve quarter-over-quarter through the rest of calendar 2025 off of this 36% baseline in March? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. We see good opportunity to continue the trend that started like six quarters ago to improve our gross margin sequentially. Part is mix, of course, now moving more and more into the high-capacity drive give us opportunity to improve gross margin. And of course, there is always our strategy in term of stable consistent price increase quarter-after-quarter, cost efficiency, HAMR will help us, especially in the second part of the calendar year when we can ramp much higher volume. So, no, right now, we have -- now we are very confident that our profitability will continue to improve.
Krish Sankar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Dave, I was hoping you just talk a little bit about -- there's always a sphere when you hear about HDD companies adding capacity, what does that really mean for the industry? So, can you just talk about, are you really adding net new capacity, trying to get back to some baseline level and what do you think sort of Seagate's total exabyte capacity could be once these additions are done? Can you just touch on that part? And then maybe along that theme, I'm somewhat surprised that your gross margins are expected to go up in March despite revenues coming down and despite the capacity addition. So, just talk about what's going well or what's offsetting what I think are headwinds sequentially in March quarter that's enabling gross margins to expand? Thank you.
David Mosley: Thanks, Amit. Yes. Yes. If it helps, if you think back three quarters or four quarters ago when things were -- when demand was a lot lower, we were on older product generations and we had buffers of those product generations. Because demand has picked up, those have blown through largely. And then we had this issue -- this production issue on some of the new product generations. But it's really -- the answer to your question is all about mix. So, as we mix the higher and higher capacity points, we believe that that's a compelling value proposition for our customers. We also believe that we're giving predictable economics for them and for ourselves as well, and that's what's building the margin structure in.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask about this $200 million and the effect into June again, because I'm not sure I understand what the message is. I think, Dave, in the remarks, you said that the impact will be completely limited to the March quarter. So, it sounds like you think that June, you get the entire $200 million back, but you seem like you're not really willing to clarify that. So, can you clarify exactly what you meant by, the entirety of the impact is being felt in March?
David Mosley: Yes. Remember, this is -- hey, thanks, Tim. This is a supply issue, not a demand issue. So, from our perspective, we're communicating this and we started -- after the conference in December there, we started communicating to the customers exactly what's going on. We can maintain all the build-to-order commitments that we have this quarter. Next quarter is next quarter, we're recovering from the issues as quickly as we can. But again, it's not a demand compression, it's only our ability to hit the supply. Gianluca, do you want to add something?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So, Tim, basically, as we explained in December, we did not start enough material in a certain period of time because we didn't put back the equipment that were necessary to produce the material. So, we don't have that level of supply, but could have been necessary to match demand in the March quarter. So, that $200 million is not coming back. It's just material we were not able to start. And so we miss that opportunity in the March quarter and then we go back to June with the right level of supply that will match the June demand. But of course, the one that is in March is probably going away.
David Mosley: And as we discussed in December, this is yet another reason you see the long lead times that we have in some of these wafer equipment, which is why we need the build-to-order predictability for our customers and for ourselves. This problem started manifesting itself late summer and then we realized that we had it in late November and but -- and it's still flowing through the system. We're going to try our best to recover as much as we can, but we know that -- and it's up against the backdrop of a very steep ramp. So, it's not like a hole that goes away. It's a ramp that we're on that's very steep. It's just -- there is an impact this quarter as these parts don't flow through that we wanted to at the level we had. And then we fixed the problem now. So, we're convinced that we can get back and satisfy demand next quarter and beyond.
Operator: The next question is from Asiya Merchant with Citi. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for taking my question. The -- you sound very confident about a lot more upside to gross margin, especially as HAMR ramps here and you're shifting your mix to even these higher capacity drives. Maybe if you can shed some light on what do you think about the appropriate margin for Seagate as you go forward given you're executing well above your target range at this point? Thank you.
David Mosley: Yes. I think that depends largely on the demand picture. We think the demand picture is strengthening and we think we have a good portfolio against it. People will buy the new drives, higher and higher capacities because they need -- they're going to run these in data centers for a long time and they see a great value proposition for those. And to the extent that we can be more predictable with these build-to-order negotiations, then -- and we know what we're building anyway, so we can go out and have those negotiations and say, we'll build it for you if we all agree to this. And so I think that's served the industry really well, served our supplier -- our supply base really well, helping us recover from the situation we were in a year or two ago.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. And that target range that you are referring to, now we gave that target and we clearly said this is not including HAMR. So, of course, in future, we were already expecting a higher profitability and we will ramp HAMR in just two or three quarters from now. We will discuss maybe more at our Analyst Day in the future what will be our next model, but I would say I will not focus on that old gross margin range that we were discussing in the past.
David Mosley: Yes. One of the things I'd say about margins, gross margins, and operating margins is that at the -- even at the revenue levels that we're at right now, we have to continue to fund the R&D in order to keep driving the roadmap forward, four terabytes, five terabytes that we have to fund CapEx so on and so forth. And from my perspective, those things provide such a compelling value proposition to our end customers, they want us to as well. So, we're going to need the right combination of margin and revenue to be able to continue to continue to drive the roadmap for the end-user value propositions. And I think everyone's kind of understood that is, even though these undulations in supply and demand that we went through in the pandemic were so painful, but I think we're starting to come out of it and people understand the financial impacts of those a lot more and allows us to be a lot more predictable.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Dave, I was just wondering, as we think about the longer-term impact of transitioning to HAMR, you move version through the initial ramps of new technology. Does the customer mix or how you ramp become faster, slower, more broad? Like I'm just -- you mentioned like going from one cloud guy to having a second and third, but as you go towards 36 terabytes, what changes in how this technology hits the market?
David Mosley: I'd say our first ramp was tougher than we expected, even right up against it. We had great results out of the labs and the first experiments and then we ran into some problems in productization. We don't exactly see any of those problems in future productization. So, it should shorten the cycles. The strain on all the other subsystems, not just the recording subsystem, but all the other subsystems as we go from 30 terabytes to 40 terabytes to 50 terabytes is still great. But we have confidence and we've told people that based on what we see right now, we should -- we're going to drive as aggressively as we can through all those transitions. And that's why the announcement of drives -- shipping drives already up to 36 terabytes, that's already happened by the way. So, from my perspective, onward and upward, that's what this industry gets paid for is areal density, that's how we bring value to the world and that's what we'll continue to drive.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O’Malley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to get a better picture for your mix of business. I think you like to talk on exabytes that are moving towards HAMR. You guys had originally talked about a unit forecast, you've adjusted that over time, but maybe as we look out into the calendar year 2025, you could talk about how much of your business in terms of mix is HAMR today and maybe how much you think exiting the year. Obviously, you had enough to impact gross margins in the near term. So, maybe if you could size that for us, that'd be really helpful.
David Mosley: Hey, thanks, Tom. We did talk about the success of the 24-28 platform. So, that's growing it even very, very fast ramp, very-high volume. There's a lot of common parts with that and HAMR. So, we can ramp HAMR quickly as well. And we're focused on doing that, getting through the qualifications and ramping. Last year, we were pushing through these transitions as hard as we could just to inject some margin back in the business. This year, the demand picture is quite different. And the response of people and what are -- where they are in qualifications is very different. So, we're going to be a little bit more careful. Remember, HAMR is still accretive to margins and we still want to drive it and we still have parts that are coming. But we'll just be a little bit more cautious and make sure we work with the customers on exactly what they need. I think as we get to higher and higher capacity points, it's such a good compelling value proposition for our end customers that they're pulling very hard. So, yes, maybe even to some of the earlier questions, I do think that there's going to be an acceleration based on the fact that we are already at the curve productization-wise, we -- that we have all those learnings so the other person doesn't have to learn those same lessons and there is this compelling value proposition that people know about.
Operator: The next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I'm going to stick with the gross margin narrative here a little bit. Gianluca, if I try and make some adjustments for your non-HDD gross margin, I guess what I'd be left to think about is that your hard disk drive gross margin is probably in the 37% plus or minus range. I guess the question is that, would you say even today as you're initially ramping HAMR that your HAMR gross margin is accretive to the hard disk drive only gross margin? And is there anything structurally that keeps you from thinking, hey, gross margin could have a four in front of it just structurally as we look-forward and pricing continues to progress, etc., etc.? Just curious on what your thoughts are.
David Mosley: Yes, Aaron, thanks. I would say that, and you know our history really well, I'm pretty happy where we are right now. So, as we're looking out into the future, we're signing up for business that's good business and higher capacity points through these transitions. So, that's what allows me to build confidence. Is there a theoretical maximum? I think a lot of that depends on the demand picture that ultimately comes. And we'll keep you informed on that as time goes on. But I think we've done a really good job of getting the margin structure back into the industry or even in some cases to all-time highs, revenue is still not back and the output is still not back, right, frankly. I mean we could do some more output. So -- but we want to do it in a very predictable way and defend what we've had to rebuild. We still have some supply chain issues that we have to take care of as well and that's going to be going on for the next few quarters. So, we're kind of in that transitionary period to future models versus continue to just execute as hard as we can to rebuild and we're quite happy with the progress.
Gianluca Romano: And Aaron, no, part of the confidence we have in improving gross margin even in the March quarter where, as you know the revenue is lower, is coming from the increased volume of HAMR. So, in general, the mix moving to higher capacity drive has always helped us to improve margins and HAMR will increase a lot the capacity per unit, so it is a good contributor to the improved gross margin.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you.
David Mosley: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: The next question is from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. As we think about the sustainability of the cycle, are your nearline and hyperscale customers giving you more visibility today, which I think was six months or longer last quarter since you've experienced these production capacity constraints? And for my clarification question, does the production capacity address only HAMR drives or were these tools used for conventional nearline drives as well? Thank you.
David Mosley: Thanks, Karl. Yes, the second question first, the production capacity issue affected non-HAMR drives, not the HAMR drives. So, it was the ramp of the 24-28. Think of it this way, we've actually qualified that back in even some old programs, but it's the non-HAMR product being affected. So, stepping out a little bit more into the future, I think that the HAMR transition is actually -- we're going to drive it more and more aggressively just because we get the extra capacity points like Gianluca was talking about. Higher capacity points and then we can also refresh lower capacity points as well. So, that's what helps build margin into this entire portfolio, not just the highest capacity point.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. I was hoping you could talk about the visibility you're receiving from hyperscale customers today since those capacity constraints. Thanks.
David Mosley: Oh, yes. So, the built-to-order models that we're coming up with have given us good visibility. Maybe as we get through the supply constraint issue that we had this quarter, we said we're protecting all the build-to-order commitments that we have. So, on an account-by-account-by-account basis, then I think it's almost -- that particular issue is almost irrelevant for them, right? So, that's -- we're talking about Q4 is Q4, Q3 is Q3. Q1 next year is Q1 next year. So, they're helping us with that visibility and this temporary issue is irrelevant in that BTO model.
Operator: The next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi, Dave and Gianluca. Just looking at the HAMR, when you look at your 150 exabyte product shipments or the 126 exabyte nearline, do you expect HAMR to get to like 10% to 20% of that mix by like first half calendar let's say 2026?
David Mosley: Well, we certainly expect to make it -- to ramp it really hard. Yes. We're not going to say a specific number. We're in a very different space than we were a year ago, right? But we're not going to say a very specific number, but we expect it to ramp very hard. The customers are pulling it very hard because of the value proposition that they see. So, it has to be accretive as well. We've said that for some quarters now. But we're confident that it is. So, yes, we're going to drive it hard and drive the volumes very soon.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Vijay, we will have a -- we will have improvement every quarter, of course, but we'll have to follow the qualifications with the different customers. And as we said, we expect multiple qualifications between December last year and mid of calendar 2025. So, I -- we still expect the majority of the ramp to happen in the second part of calendar 2025 and that will be another improvement for our business and our performance in just few quarters from now.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Thanks. And then in terms of capacity as you ramp HAMR, do you expect -- do you need to add more capacity in the back half or how do you see the available capacity and the ramp of HAMR with that? Thanks.
David Mosley: No, most of the tools -- almost all the tools that we're using for our non-HAMR products are convertible to the HAMR products. So, there's really no added tools that we need to bring on. We planned this transition for quite some time. And we've said in the prepared remarks, we would not add head and media unit capacity. The capacity adds that we get are by virtue of driving the areal density. So, we can go to customers and say, hey, instead of shipping a 24 terabyte drive, I'll ship you a 32 terabyte drive, hopefully someday we'll ship you a 40 terabyte drive and that gives us more exabyte capacity and more relative power, more TCO proposition for them, benefits to their -- for their value and more power for us to go increase our margin, make sure that plan is working.
Vijay Rakesh: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, it's a clarification. On the $200 million for March, is that completely traded away or are you expecting partial part of that business in the June quarter? And then for my main question, in your prepared remarks, you talked about increasing focus on imagery and video as part of generative AI. I'm curious if you've done any work in terms of sizing what that might mean. It looks like Meta is really the big driver today, but curious if you've sized it at all and how you think about the incremental demand to your overall business. Thank you.
David Mosley: Yes. So, the $200 million, I think we answered this a little bit earlier, CJ. So, the way I think about it is the build-to-orders are all -- all those commitments are being made. So, if there was this stuff on top of it, does it transact this quarter or next quarter, I mean we'll get into that. But as far as the major accounts that are participating in build-to-order, it's really not an impact. The -- so it's a supply hole, remember, it's not a demand hole. So, that's -- the demand is still fairly strong. When we talk about video and imaging, we're usually talking about what's going on at the edge, smart cities, smart factories, the data that's actually being created at the edge and finally making it to the cloud. But there are video applications as well that are raging in the cloud. I mean, some of the use of video on some of the major media properties and things that are growing the -- videos themselves are growing in length, in number in the long-tail is getting huge and there's more hour-long documentaries and things. The creation tools with AI are coming that allows people to create video much -- be more inventive on that. So, the -- think the creative professionals that are out there creating content. So, all those trends are very beneficial for us. And yes, some of the first movers that we saw in this resurgence as demand started coming back were those people who are servicing those models. Video is creating a lot of demand in the cloud. Yes.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Yes. Thanks, guys, for taking the question. So, maybe I'd love to hear maybe from both of you guys. This is just sort of HAMR transition question. So, I might have missed this, but Gianluca, did -- are we just -- are you communicating that the HAMR margin -- I guess at what point are the HAMR margins accretive? And then, Dave, I guess for you in that question, I was going to ask, like how to think about the pacing of volume of HAMR given the richness of the legacy tech margins right now? And I guess I was thinking you might be more selective with rolling them out given the margins, but you also just made a comment about driving HAMR into the market with some energy. So, I guess just sort of -- those are really the questions. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Hey, Ananda. Yes, no, HAMR is high capacity drives, and that is generating a higher level of gross margin than of course, other drives. As I said before, it will be more visible later during the calendar year when we can ramp more volume. And now we would like to have more volume today, but we need to go through a certain number of quals before we can really ramp up in a much higher quantity. But as with -- as all the high capacity drives, we expect a very good profitability from this product and this technology.
David Mosley: Right. And Ananda, if this helps, if you go back a year ago when our gross margins were considerably lower, of course, we were saying HAMR is accretive to the gross margin. Now the gross margins are considerably higher on some of the legacy products like you talked about and some of the 24-28 PMR platform, PMR SMR platforms. HAMR is still accretive and more we can drive through these transitions that we're talking about, not only do we increase the top-line capacity, if you will, which provides such a compelling value proposition that we can actually get paid for it, but also we can start to refresh some of the lower platform drives, lower capacity points with fewer and fewer components inside and therefore, you get margin uplift that way. So, we're still driving the HAMR transition, if that helps.
Ananda Baruah: I got it. No, that's great. So, you're going to ship as much HAMR as you can and it's going to -- as quickly as you can, it's going to be accretive although.
David Mosley: Yes. And we just have to get the qualifications done and then we'll make the right decision based on the specifics of what the customers want at the time.
Ananda Baruah: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I guess a quick question on HAMR. The sampling of the 36 terabyte drives that you announced, is that with the same leading CSP that you qualified the earlier HAMR drives? And any color that you could share on HAMR units? Originally, your expectation was shipping 1 million in the first half of last year. Clearly, now with this ramp being much more significantly underway, would you say that it should be orders of magnitude higher than that in the second half of this year? Thank you so much.
David Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. So, it's much more broad-based. We're shipping sample units to not -- to more than one person, let me say it that way. Not to just one. I won't comment specifically on any one customer, of course. But -- and then relative to the size of the ramp, yes, we've got customers that are latched pretty well right now on the 24-28 product and we talked about factories being full and the ramp being really high. We will supplant some of that product with HAMR product. We'll do it in a measured way based on when the qualification is complete, what those customers exactly want. Some of them, yes, you always have to keep in mind, they have to get their systems ready. Some of these -- some of the transitions that they're going through as silicon transition or software capability for some of their fleet management features, they'll say, I'll do that on the next-generation product. So, there's a lot of -- it's not as easy as us just ramping HAMR and then shipping more HAMR. We have to go through those qualification cycles, but that's ongoing and we're going to drive as hard as we can because we think it's so accretive.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you.
David Mosley: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. Gianluca, a quick question. Of the 126 exabyte nearline you shipped in December, how much went to surveillance? You start to do a comparison because you did 109 in September, but that was all your traditional nearline definition. So, I'm just trying to figure out through 126, how much is surveillance versus traditional nearline?
Gianluca Romano: In general, in different quarters about 4, 5 exabytes.
Krish Sankar: Thank you.
Shanye Hudson: And our supplemental will show the history for the last five quarters so that you have like-for-like over the prior year period.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: You bet.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
David Mosley: Thanks, everyone. I wish everyone a Happy New Year, a Happy Lunar New Year. Really appreciate all the efforts of our employees and our suppliers in helping the recovery what's still ongoing and looking forward to talking to everyone this quarter or next quarter's call. Take care.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today, should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. In order to provide all analysts with the opportunity to participate, we thank you in advance for asking one primary question and then reentering the queue. I'll now hand the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate delivered a strong start to the fiscal year with revenue growing nearly 50% and non-GAAP gross profit increasing over 150% compared with the prior year period. These results demonstrate our ability to drive profitable growth, which is the outcome of sustained supply discipline and the strategic cost efficiencies that we have built into our operations. Fiscal first quarter revenue came in at $2.17 billion, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.58, both were above the midpoint of our guidance range, benefiting from a better-than-anticipated mass capacity product mix and an improved pricing environment. Continuing cloud demand strength coupled with improvement in the enterprise and OEM markets, drove top line growth and also contributed to enhanced profitability. Company non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 240 basis points sequentially to 33.3%, the highest level in over a decade. This impressive performance was driven by our HDD business, with non-GAAP gross margins now in the mid-30% range. Amid a healthy industry supply-demand environment, we anticipate further margin expansion opportunities as we ramp our portfolio of high capacity nearline drives, including our Mozaic based HAMR products, which I'll discuss shortly. The increasingly favorable business landscape combined with our industry-leading technology road map, lends growing confidence in Seagate's future opportunities. Reflecting this confidence, we are increasing our quarterly dividend by nearly 3%. Our optimism is reinforced by our build-to-order model, which provides us with good demand visibility over the next few quarters. We see the potential for significant revenue growth for fiscal 2025, inclusive of the seasonal demand fluctuation that is typical for the March quarter. We are maintaining supply discipline, and we'll address near-term exabyte demand growth by efficiently leveraging our available capacity. Beyond that, we are well positioned to support further demand growth, mainly through technology node transitions with HAMR playing a vital role, as we complete qualifications and ramp shipments. Turning to the mass capacity market trends. Cloud demand for our nearline drives remains robust, and we believe customers are managing their inventory levels well. In the September quarter, revenue growth was driven by U.S. cloud providers, though we continue to see positive demand trends globally. For instance, some customers have highlighted the growing use of video content on e-commerce and social media platforms. Data indicates that video is the most effective format for engaging digital audiences. Furthermore, research suggests that longer form video content and personalization through AI technology can significantly enhance revenue generation opportunities for our customers. These trends bode well for mass capacity HDDs, which are ideally suited for storing large and diverse data intensive video content. HDDs comprise close to 90% of bites stored in public cloud environments and we are confident that proportion will hold for the foreseeable future. Among the enterprise and OEM customers, we observed the first meaningful uptick in nearline demand following a multi-quarter period of stability. This increase reflects an improvement in traditional server demand, as well as higher storage content per unit, pushing the average capacity per enterprise drive to a new record high. In the VIA markets, sales remained stable in the September quarter and slightly ahead of our expectations. We are witnessing a shift towards more cloud like storage solutions that utilize higher capacity drives. This transition is due in part to longer data retention needs and increased video analytics. Our HDD solutions, including Mozaic HAMR products, provide cost efficiency and scalability to our VIA customers' evolving demands. These same advantages are also crucial for generative AI applications, which is why we continue to believe Gen AI will be a driver of mass capacity storage simply by being a powerful catalyst for data creation. HDDs provide a trusted, economical and secure platform to host data that feeds into AI engines and preserves the content produced by AI powered applications. This data is ultimately fed back into the AI training models in a continuous cycle. As data center architects prepare for GenAI to move into the widespread adoption phase, they continue to grapple with cost, scale and power challenges. Seagate's product road map is addressing each of these key challenges. Compared with NAND based storage alternatives, our HDD solutions offer approximately 6 times lower cost per terabyte. And HDDs are roughly 9 times more capital efficient, delivering the economies of scale necessary to support the anticipated surge in data demand. And according to cloud customers, HDDs have 10 times lower embodied carbon per terabyte relative to NAND, which can translate into a much lower carbon footprint, very important given the world's growing number of data centers. That provides a good segue into our product ramp and qualification plans. We have three primary areas of focus for fiscal 2025 aimed at driving profitable growth over the long term, and we're progressing on all of them. They include ramping the company's last PMR platform, expanding Mozaic adoption and executing our Mozaic product road map that will enable Seagate to address the breadth of customers' mass capacity storage needs. Consistent with our plans, we began to aggressively ramp our final PMR platform in the September quarter, which is currently up to 28 terabytes in capacity. We are very pleased with the pace of customer adoption. These drives have quickly catapulted to our second highest revenue product, and we are continuing to both ramp volume and broaden our customer base in the December quarter. We have expanded customer qualifications on our three plus terabyte per disc Mozaic HAMR based platform with a few customer quals already completed spanning the enterprise nearline, VIA and mass market segments. The qualification with our lead CSP customer is progressing well through what has been a very intensive and thorough testing process. The learnings that we have gained are already being leveraged into future customer qualifications and product generations. To that end, HAMR qualification drives are now in the hands of multiple global cloud and enterprise customers. Our expectation for shipment and revenue ramp timing across the broader customer base still points to mid-calendar 2025. Our confidence in HAMR technology remains strong and customer feedback has reinforced our value proposition that the Mozaic platform provides the foundational technologies required to satisfy high capacity storage requirements at the lowest total cost of ownership. We expect to extend our technology leadership as we deliver on the next stage of our HAMR road map, the 4+ terabyte for this platform. As a reminder, the step function capacity increase to 4 terabytes per disc is being achieved entirely through aerial density gains, supporting our cost per terabyte reduction path with additional benefit to both customer TCO and Seagate's structurally improved margin profile. In closing, Seagate is performing well amid an improving demand backdrop with healthy industry supply dynamics. We are at an exciting inflection point rooted in the structural changes we've made to our business and with our compelling technology road map. These factors underpin our ability to build on the last four quarters of strong sequential performance and drive future profitable growth to create long-term value for our customers and stakeholders. Thank you, and I'll now hand it off to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate started fiscal 2025, delivering strong revenue and profitability growth for a fourth consecutive quarter. September quarter revenue was $2.17 billion, up 15% sequentially and 49% year-over-year. We increased non-GAAP operating income 35% sequentially to $442 million, translating to a non-GAAP operating margin of 20.4% of revenue, and our non-GAAP EPS was $1.58 at the high end of our guidance range and reflecting improving demand trends, ongoing price adjustment, and continued cost discipline. Within our Hard Disk Drive business, exabyte shipments grew 20% sequentially to 128 exabytes and revenue increased 16% to $2 billion. Mass capacity revenue grew for the fifth consecutive quarter more than offsetting the expected decline in the legacy business. Mass capacity revenue was $1.7 billion, up 21% sequentially driven by continued strength in nearline cloud demand, along with a significant uptick in nearline enterprise sales. Mass capacity shipments totaled 128 exabytes compared with 104 exabytes in the June quarter, up 23% sequentially. Mass capacity shipments now represent a record 93% of total HDD exabyte, reflecting the continued long-term secular growth for cost efficient scalable storage. As planned, we began to ramp our 24 and 28 terabytes PMR, which helped to boost Seagate nearline shipment to 109 exabytes in the quarter, up from 84 exabytes in the prior period. As Dave highlighted earlier, customer reception for this product has been strong and represented more than 20% of our nearline revenue in the September quarter. We expect nearline demand will continue to improve in the December quarter as shipments for our latest high capacity products broadened across global CSP and enterprise customers. Demand for our VIA products remained relatively stable in the September quarter, and we currently project similar revenue in the December quarter. Smart City projects remain a key demand driver for VIA products worldwide and regional economic conditions play a key factor in budget decision for the new projects. The ongoing, economic uncertainties in China has been a headwind for the VIA business in that market. We are cautiously optimistic that recently announced stimulus plan in China would positively impact on VIA demand over time. Sales of our legacy products totaled $270 million, representing roughly 12% of total revenue. The remaining 8% of revenue was derived from our other businesses, which held steady at $164 million. The other businesses include system, SSD and refurbished drives, a business that has grown by about 25% year-over-year and includes drives under our circularity programs. Moving on to the rest of the income statement. Non-GAAP gross profit increased 24% sequentially in the September quarter to $723 million. With significant increase reflects a favorable mix shift to our mass capacity products, continued price adjustment and ongoing cost efficiency in improving demand environment. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin was 33.3% at the company level. Overall non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter, which was slightly more than we had originally anticipated. Non-GAAP gross margin for the HDD business and mass capacity, in particular, remains significantly higher than the corporate average. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $281 million, up 10% quarter-over-quarter and above our original plan, largely due to higher variable compensation commensurate with improved profitability levels. Other income and expense were $86 million, and we project similar levels in the December quarter. Adjusted EBITDA continued to improve and was up 23% sequentially in the September quarter to $498 million. Non-GAAP net income increased to $337 million, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.58 per share based on a diluted share count of approximately 213 million shares. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow generation was $27 million, reflecting our initial steps to normalize working capital to support our supply chain, while at the same time, meeting increasing mass capacity demand. It will take a couple of more quarters for working capital to fully adjust, which will have some impact to free cash flow generation. Even so, we expect free cash flow to improve in the December quarter and through the rest of the fiscal year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $68 million for fiscal '25. We will maintain capital discipline and continue to expect CapEx to be at the low end of the long-term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue. We returned $147 million to shareholders through the quarterly dividend exiting the quarter with 211 million shares outstanding. As Dave mentioned earlier, the company approved an increase to our quarterly dividend, raising the quarterly payout to $0.72 per share, and reflecting our long-term confidence in the business. We closed the September quarter with $2.7 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolving credit facility. Inventory increased to $1.4 billion including material that we are staging in support of improving mass capacity demand. Our debt balance was $5.7 billion at the end of the September quarter, with more than 90% of our long-term debt obligation maturing in fiscal '27 and beyond. We exited the quarter with a net leverage ratio of 3.2 times and expect to see further reduction in the coming quarters. Turning now to our outlook. Mas capacity revenue continued to trend higher, with growth driven by global cloud customer demand for our high capacity nearline drives, along with ongoing improvement in the enterprise and OEM markets. With positive trends are expected to more than offset lower sales into the legacy and other markets. We anticipate profit to further expand from the richer mix of mass capacity revenue that I just described and ongoing pricing actions. With that as context, December quarter revenue is expected to be in the range of $2.3 billion, plus or minus $150 million. At the midpoint, this represents an increase of 6% sequentially and 48% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $285 million. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand into the low-20s percentage range. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $1.85 plus or minus $0.20, based on a diluted share count of approximately 214 million shares and a non-GAAP tax expense of about $20 million. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In closing, Seagate is achieving significant profitability expansion in a favorable demand environment. I'm confident that the structural improvements we have implemented and our differentiated technology road map will further enhance that profitability and meet the evolving requirements of our customers. Demand for our high capacity nearline drives remained strong and we will build on that momentum to deliver scalable, cost efficient storage solutions to support the anticipated growth in data demand, including from GenAI applications. . Seagate's dedicated global team, strong business model and technology leadership form a winning combination that positions us well for future success and underscores our confidence in deploying capital and enhancing value for our shareholders. Operator, let's now open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes. Thank you so much. Dave, I was wondering, if you could flesh out a little bit your commentary around this build-to-order and very good demand visibility into this fiscal year. You noted significant demand growth, including some seasonality that you typically expect around March quarter. I was wondering, if you could maybe elaborate a bit on maybe some bookends around what you're thinking around demand growth as March quarter seasonality going to be different from what you've experienced before. And I'd be curious to also hear your thoughts around, if I could, how you're expecting to compete versus your competitors' products, which have slightly higher capacities currently as you're ramping HAMR. It sounds like HAMR gets there sort of mid-next year in volume. Thank you so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. So a couple of things. If I go back at six months ago or a year ago, we instilled these build-to-order models largely to get predictability, and I think it's working well. As we look into the next year, we're confident that we booked those quarters pretty well. So I'm very happy the way we're running the business with given that predictability. And we're only going to build what we need to build. We're still not fully recovered as an industry from what we just went through a couple of years ago. So I'm quite pleased with how the build-to-order models have gone. There is some seasonality in some markets as you alluded to, and we'll watch that carefully. But I think everyone is a little cautious on next year. From a cloud perspective, I don't think inventory is built up any, I think the buffers are still low from my perspective. And so I think we are happy with the cloud predictability, the mass capacity predictability from here. On the second part, I think from a capacity point leadership perspective, we're shipping the leading products. From a CMR perspective, no one else is shipping over 30 terabytes for sure. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's capacity points even higher than that going up and if we put SMR on top of that, we can qual even higher. So I'm very comfortable with our positions there. So I'm not quite sure exactly what you're referring to on capacity leadership or lack of leadership. I mean, from our perspective, we've got to get all the quals and all the ramps done and so on. And then we get on to 4 terabytes of disk and so on. We're very comfortable with our technology portfolio that way.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Dave, I had a question on your market share. Historically, you're more in the mid-40s, but last few quarters, it's kind of dipped down to 30% to high 30% range. Can you talk about the factors that are behind this low share? Is it potential disruption from HAMR causing temporary share loss? Is it customer specific where WLE (ph) customers are ordering more than yours? And along the same path, how to think about the industry pricing in calendar '25. It's been extremely rational in HDD, how to think about it in 2025? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Krish. Yeah. For market share, I said a number of times, market share is an outcome of running your play. And exactly to Wamsi's question, we changed our place a year ago when we said we want these build-to-order. So we said I want predictability, a longer time horizon rather than we're building a bunch and then hoping to push it into a channel and going for market share or something like that. I think when we were at the bottom of the demand cycle, market share doesn't really matter. It's more of the predictability of the cash that you're generating and so on. As we get back into things, obviously, we're taking -- now that the margins are higher, we're getting rewarded for the money that we extend and the investments we've made and so on, then we'll clearly take more of that demand our way. And so I think the market share will re-equilibrate. From an exabyte share perspective, I think we'll be just fine because these customers want to continue to push the TCO proposition going to higher and higher capacity points, I think, we're going to be fine there. On the pricing side, I think I'll let Gianluca answer the question there.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Yeah. I think the pricing environment continued to be positive for the industry. Every quarter, we have seen a little bit of improvement, and this is what is also driving our gross margin higher a little bit every quarter. As you know, on the cost side, we still had some unused capacity in the June quarter. And in September quarter, we don't have any of those extra costs. So we also had a little bit of that help in the gross margin. And going into December, if you look at how we guided, we expect further improvement in gross margin, further improvement in operating margin, which is, of course, very important to us, and that is coming from the mix, ramping more of our latest PMR product. Of course, we also have a certain volume of HAMR in our December quarter and the pricing action that is still ongoing and we have a good balance between supply and demand, in general, for Seagate and I think for the industry, and we are continuing for our long-term strategy.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Dave. Thanks, Gianluca.
Operator: And our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, the question really, Dave, is around there's always this fear that the HDD industry broadly, Seagate specifically are sitting at these cyclical peak levels. I'd love to get your perspective, as you look at the exabyte shipments that you have right now, how do you get confident that with your shipping is actually getting deployed by your customers versus perhaps, ending up in inventory for them? How do you kind of gain that confidence? And then really related to that cyclical fear, I would say, you focus on very confident that there's a lot more upside to gross margins versus where you are today, which is actually above your long-term target. What do you think is the appropriate margin frame of Seagate as you go forward now?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Amit. Yes. We have run a cyclical business over the many, many years. I think it's changed quite a bit as we came down from client server. There used to be a lot of seasonality in that market. And now as we're in the cloud, the cyclicality, I'm not sure, it's totally periodical, but the pandemic, in particular, caused a very big bubble and then a big crash on the back side of it. So I think that's kind of an anomaly there. How do we know what customers actually have. We have to triangulate ourselves and I think we've really improved our processes for being able to do that. But we're also not pushing in nearly as many drives, total units or exabyte points. And some of this the build-to-order model, actually, helps us with quite a bit. So that we know that we're not overbuilding if you were planning to overbuild. Exactly to your point on upsides to gross margin, I mean we believe that the way we bring on more capacity is to drive for more aerial density gains. And we have to go work the cost on those platforms, and that's what we're really focused on doing, making sure that we can introduce terabytes in the 20s and 30s and 40s with lower and lower costs to be able to serve the market. A good TCO proposition for our customers who are building data centers and want to support data centers for a long time is to put more capacity online because it's so much more efficient for them, but we need to be able to get that efficiency through our continued cost reduction also. So I do think there's significant upside to gross margin still, but it all starts, to your point with supply and demand, managing supply and demand properly.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thank you, guys for taking my question. Gianluca, maybe if we just stay on the theme of gross margins here. I think your guidance for the December quarter implies about a 34% gross margin, up roughly 70 basis points sequentially. You've been growing gross margins by about 2 points to 4 points sequentially over the last four quarters. And so, I'm just wondering, if pricing and mix are still favorable. And obviously, Dave just made some positive comments on gross margins. Can you help me understand why we might not be seeing more gross margin expansion in the quarter, again, relative to the multiple points of gross margin expansion you've been able to drive over the last 12 months? Thanks so much.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Erik. Well, as I said before, in the September quarter, we also had the support from better cost structure because of higher capacity and the elimination of the underutilization charges, that was about 100 basis points in our gross margin improvement. We are not going to have that improvement in the December quarter because now we don't have any other utilization charges anymore. But we are still progressing with our pricing structure, and we are making a good ramp of our latest PMR product, and we will see some volume on HAMR, so all those are positive. And as you know, we guide based on forecast that we had at the beginning of the quarter and then we executed during the quarter as best as we can. And our focus is to keep improving quarter-after-quarter. We are not trying to increase too much at one time. We want to be consistent and keep this cycle up for as long as we can. .
Operator: And our next question today comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thank you so much for taking the question. I had a multipart one on HAMR. I think on the last call or at a conference, you guys talked about your expectation around getting qualification at your lead customer in Q3, I believe. Is that now Q4? Is that early '25? Any thoughts on that would be helpful. And then, Dave, you talked about additional cloud companies or customers having qualification products on hand. Should we expect the qualification process at some of those customers to be smoother than your lead customer given sort of the debugging process that you've been through over the past year or so? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Toshiya. Yeah. The failure mode that slowed us down as we ramp to high volume this spring and summer is behind us. The team's worked really hard to make sure we get all the process improvements that we talked about last time in. I did speak on last earnings call about the our confidence was based on the test beds that we have running that are all designed to detect these fail modes with, intense stresses that are way beyond our spec. And here we are another quarter later, we have more drives, more configurations, running more models of tests, and we haven't seen hide nor error of the failure mode. So we're confident that it's behind us, that's that initial learning that we get relative to proving it, sometimes it takes a little bit of time with the customers to prove it, but I'm confident we're going to be able to prove it right now and those tests are ongoing. The customers know exactly where we are. When we think about qualifications, there's a lot of different facets or quals of interoperability and different data center applications and so on and so forth. No significant concerns there. It really does come down this one last issue. And that's why we have confidence that no one else is going to see it because as we ramp to high volume, those other customers -- we've got this problem fixed, I'd say, those other customers want. Some multiple non-cloud customers have already qualified the product and already -- we're already getting volume shipments there. They run tough quals themselves but may not have these same kinds of stresses. But now that we have the recipe, I think we're going to apply it every.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you very much. As you guys ramp HAMR and you start to see more qualifications and more shipments, let's say, you're at December and into the March, how -- is that a negative to gross margins, just given the shipment volumes are lower, there might be some ramp issues there. How should we think about overall impact to margins as HAMR ramps? And I get the sense that obviously, once you guys are much further along, that's a margin driver. But near term, how should we think about the impact to margins from HAMR ramping? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Asiya. Near term, we don't want to give it away. Long term, we don't want to give it away. So we definitely want HAMR to be accretive to gross margin. And we think it does add benefit to our customers as well. So there's a trade-off. Do they want to increase the higher -- the capacity for the data center build-outs that they're doing. And then we have to say, you have to make sure you pay for it to replace the drives. As we said before, our factories are largely full. So to take drives out of those or take the supply out and turn it over to HAMR, we have to make sure we're getting paid for it. And I'm confident, we can do that in the near-term as well. It's just a matter of managing the supply and demand picture properly.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I’ll say on the cost side, a similar level of volume. HAMR cost per terabyte is below the PMR cost per terabyte. So for sure, there is an advantage on HAMR. And the pricing, of course, depends on the timing and where we are in the cycle. But at this point, in the short term, there’s no reason why HAMR should not be accretive to our gross margin.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple of just real quick model questions. It looks like your OpEx was a little bit higher than you expected in this quarter. I'm curious, relative to the $285 million guide, how do we think about the trajectory of operating expenses as we look out into the March quarter beyond any kind of framework of what kind of we could think about from a normalizing operating expense perspective? And then as the kind of quick follow-on. As you get the -- I think it's $480 million of debt maturing in January, from that level, how are you thinking about the possibility of reentering share repurchase activity going forward?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. On the OpEx, the increase between June and September is only due to variable compensation. So we are not hiring more people. It's just a matter of -- last year, we didn't have variable comp. And this year, we have variable comp at a fairly good level. So from here, I would say, probably we stay fairly flat through the rest of the fiscal year, around 280 to 285, I think that the new range. The debt, as you said, is maturing in beginning of January. So as we said before, we are going to address that with cash on hand. So we start reducing our debt. We want to be even a little bit lower before we’ll start share buybacks. So I’ll say, as you know, we have increased dividend that is a top priority for the company, and then we want to take care of the debt. And then after that, we will look at share buyback, probably a little bit further in time.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had a question about the capacity outlook now given that you're just kind of bumping up against your max today. So unless you decide to add more, you're -- I mean you're going to ship close to that 130 exabyte of nearline, probably not in December, but quite soon. So I mean you're growing nicely off the bottom on mix and on exabytes coming back. But if you're not going to expand capacity, should we think of things starting to flatten off from here? And I realize that pricing is going to go up. But it seems like you kind of lose a degree of freedom in the model unless you start to expand exabyte capacity. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Tim. I think exactly to your point, we’ll expand exabyte capacity by transitioning to new products. And so if you think about it, as I go to – from 20 terabytes-ish to 30 terabytes-ish to even 40 someday, we’ll be able to expand exabyte capacity without adding significant capacity from a driver heads or media perspective. We’ll just use it much more efficiently on an exabyte basis. And that’s where we’re confident that we’ll be able to also take out cost at those higher capacity points, which is what builds into the margin proposition into the model.
Operator: And our next question today comes from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Dave, in your prepared remarks, you talked about good visibility for growth in fiscal '25, notwithstanding seasonality for March. So I was hoping you could kind of speak to where your visibility is today for nearline? Is it three, six, nine months? And then based on that backdrop, how should we be thinking about, at least for mass capacity, what seasonality will look like into the March quarter?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think mass capacity is pretty full, and it goes out that nine month period that you talked about, C.J. And that's a virtue of the build-to-order model that we've actually established on. I think customers understand that. They get predictable economics. And we're all going through these qualification processes so they get access to that technology as well, that's all serving as well. I think, right now, I would say the total demand is not significantly higher than historical demands. And I certainly don't think there's inventory buildup going in or anything. So I don't think there's a cycle coming. I think we're running a fairly predictable business. And we'll get better visibility as we get through, obviously, early next year. People are re-upping, if you will, the build-to-order configurations. But right now, I feel fairly confident certainly through the front half of the year and probably even into the back half of the year.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. On the seasonality, C.J., usually, the majority of the seasonality is on the legacy part of the business, where the March quarter is a lower quarter, slowest quarter in the year, but we also have part of mass capacity, in particular, VIA so the surveillance part of the business that is usually fairly weak in March and they start to grow in June and is fairly strong in September and December. So when you model your four quarters for calendar ‘25 or consider that there is seasonality not only in the legacy part, but also in some of the mass capacity products.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Fox with Fox Advisors LLC. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon, guys. I guess just following up on the point on how much capacity you have available. I think I understand how you create capacity when you go from like 3 terabytes per platter to 4. But from here, going over, say, the next 12 months, I think last quarter, you talked about debottlenecking. There's a potential that maybe you do get a better cycle in enterprise and VIA next year. Like, how do we get comfortable with the idea that you can manage all that and still satisfy all your customer needs or any further color on that would be helpful.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think that's an -- it's a question -- a good question about how big could things get. If the edge really turns on; if GenAI turns on, which I would say is still very, very early innings of that, if there's some kind of macro recovery in all the markets; and we're not there yet. We're still being very cautious on any supply. And any additional supply we would have to put on would be very long lead time. So we can satisfy more exabytes exactly as you described, and we've talked about earlier. But additional drive demand, if you will, I think we’d have to add supply, which would be longer – much longer lead time. As we spend 4% of our revenue on CapEx, we do add technology transition capacity, so you get some small capacity adds because of that. As you’re buying new tools, they tend to be more efficient. But the growth would be necessarily slow, I think.
Steven Fox: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, Dave, sort of sticking right there on the capacity question. If things progress as you anticipate with HAMR in the event that even with HAMR and areal density increases, sort of data increases, GenAI, video apps, etc., all of that were to put in a position where you want to be increasing capacity? What -- you just mentioned long lead times? What is that process? Can you give us some sense of what that process would look like? We've also heard about kind of the whole component change that you have also needs to be tended to, I guess, just what would be the ways that you guys could maybe get with that, that would be helpful? Thanks a lot.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Ananda. I think that we fix it in our industry on the highest capacity point. And obviously, that's the -- max capacity gets a lot of attention. But when you get into the growth of some of these other markets, we would be talking about 20 terabytes or maybe even less than that. What's your value prop at that level. And by pushing forward in aerial density, we get to take components out of those capacity points. So we can actually hit much more aggressive price bands, if we want to and still maintain really good margins. And then those components that are freed up go -- you can make twice as many drives with half the components going -- being dedicated to each drive, right? So I think that's where if we saw resurgence aerial density helps solve a lot of problems because you can go address those markets that are half capacity, if you will, of the max capacity in a much more efficient way.
Ananda Baruah: I got it. That's super helpful. And just to complete that, does that mean like even in like a strong case with HAMR, you guys feel pretty good when you sort of map out ability to hit exabyte ships for the industry for a good amount of time to come, I mean, measured in probably years, not months?
Gianluca Romano: Well, it depends, right? We have our supply plan if demand is much higher than our supply plan. Of course, we will have a little bit of unbalance that we have time to address, but our focus is on technology transition, is not on more units. And we think this is the most profitable way for the industry to progress in this period of time, and this is what we want to do. So let's see where demand is in two or three quarters from now, but we know where our supply will be.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi, Dave. On the -- I'm just wondering, if you give or size, what do you think the unit shipments could be for calendar '25. And Gianluca, I think in the past, you've talked about trying to bring on some of the idle capacity and headcount as you start to bring some capacity back on. Can you lay out how that road map looks like? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Vijay. Yeah. We didn't speak specifically about how many units and how fast will push. We just -- we said that mass qualification will be done for all these customers that we just shipped to probably mid-2025. From my perspective, the factories are relatively full right now. And so, as we plan with those customers and they say, hey, I'd like the exabytes in this form rather than this form. We'll make the transition, but it will be probably less of a transition than we would have made, say, a year ago when we had empty factories, we would have ramped much more aggressively. This time, I think we'll make sure that we pivot accordingly and carefully. It's very important that -- to realize that the components that we use in our last generation of PMR product are very, very similar to the components we use in HAMR as well. So not the critical components ads (ph) and media, obviously, but all the other components. And so we feel very comfortable being able to pivot from one product to the other if we have to, the mechanics, the electronics, there's still much leverage there. So that's what allows us that flexibility.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. From an idle capacity standpoint, I would say, at this point, we don’t have much idle capacity anymore. So what we are doing is, now moving faster into technology transition now with our latest PMR products that we are ramping very aggressively already in the September and December quarter. And then the transition to HAMR will generate a certain level of additional exabytes that will support the increasing demand.
Vijay Rakesh: All right. Thank you, Dave and Gianluca.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Dave, if you would just humor me, as I try to clarify things too. But just in the back half, it sounds like you are fully at capacity and technology transitions are getting you some growth, and it sounds like that looks really good. It's obviously been a couple of really good quarters for you guys. But let's just say, we head out into fiscal year '26, you're talking about more volume per HAMR kind of coming in the middle of the next calendar year. And so you would imagine more substantially into the next fiscal year for you guys. If you guys were to see further delays on the HAMR side, what actions would you guys take just given the fact that you're at capacity and wouldn't -- from a factory perspective, you wouldn't see the technology transitions. Just walk me through what you would do in that instance, obviously, that's not ideal and you're not planning for that, but we've seen the qualification slip a couple of quarters with the largest guy. So I just want to understand how you guys think about things if it's further delayed?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I'm not really worried about it for exactly the reasons that you talked about. We see the how the test sets are running. We see how the qualifications are running, and we're very confident in being able to make the pivot. But exactly to the earlier question, I think it was Vijay's question, we can pivot from the last generation PMR to the HAMR technology very, very easily. And last generation PMR is a great product for us with really good margins that we're not fully ramped on yet either. So from that perspective, if it came out like one quarter of delay and some customers said, I want it like this rather than like this, we can very easily pivot back.
Thomas O'Malley: Helpful. And then, in terms of just your outlook on AI, you obviously made some comments earlier on the call. You're saying it's still kind of on the come. In terms of initial conversations with customers, do you have a time frame of when you may start to see some contribution there? Is that something that would come as early as this next fiscal year?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. This is a really complex topic because I think there's a lot of different things that are called AI. Some of them are traditional workloads that we've seen for years and years, and some of them are brand new workloads. And we are seeing demand that's coupled to brand new workloads, right, with purchase orders that reference specifically things that people would identify as predictive AI or gen AI applications. What I would say is that the recent trends are really more towards video, which we talked about in our prepared remarks. And that’s the biggest thing that we’re seeing right now grow, and I’ll call that AI for a while because I think it is a much more efficient way to drive our customers’ business models and that’s – we see that demand flowing through right now. I don’t think that there’s a bubble going on in there. I think there’s a continued value competition happening in a bunch of different vectors, with new technologies, new applications coming that could continue to drive video as fundamental value store for our customers. So that’s why we’re excited about it. And I know some people call those traditional workloads, but I'll give credit to AI because I think they’re being used in very interesting, creative new ways.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Mark Miller with the Benchmark Co. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: Congratulations on your upside results and your good guidance. I just want to go back to AI and the opportunity there. Do you believe that PCs with AI chips will drive a major refresh cycle? And if so, when? Second half of next year?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Mark, I don't have a ton of visibility into that. Although, I do talk to some of these customers that I grew up with about that exact topic. Look, I think that the PC space has been relatively slow to adopt new applications of late, and I think that's about to change. How quickly it will change is still anybody's guess. And of course, it's not about spec-ing new hardware. It's about spec-ing new applications that come. And most of those applications are, to your point, they're video applications. So yes, I do think that when you can enable creative professionals certainly to do -- to create especially video, but audio counts as well and all kinds of other analytical tools that happen at the edge, you allow them to create much more aggressively. I think they'll spin off more data. Some of that data will be serviced by the cloud service providers that already are. And so we see those applications growing, but some of that may be closer to the edge, and we're really excited about that. It's still very early. And I can't really predict where AI PCs are going to be just yet. But I think from what I'm seeing from application development, I'm excited about it, and I think it is going to be a driver in the near future.
Mark Miller: Okay. Just one other question. You mentioned there's a little idle capacity at the moment. What is the factory utilization in your hidden media fabs? Are they 85% or higher?
Dave Mosley: Yes, fairly high in both. I think we do have capacity as we transition to HAMR, we can -- because we've dedicated a lot of that space to experiments, if you will, in the last few years. And so now some of that can become production instead of experimentation but I think very high over 90% utilization right now. And that's the way we want to keep it. We don't want to dip down because, as you know, that has a lot of cost implications back into the business, and we want to make sure we maintain those fabs running full.
Mark Miller: So the greater 90% is both for ads (ph) and media fabs, is that correct?
Dave Mosley: That's right.
Mark Miller: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you. I was hoping you could discuss your build-to-order visibility and whether it's based on take-or-pay contracts or if it would be better characterized as strong indications of interest, as you and customers plan their storage capacity additions over the coming quarters? And secondarily, if I may sneak in another one. I was just hoping you could also discuss the mix of SMR today, and perhaps going forward as we think about the mix of these higher capacity products going into December and into 2025? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Karl. I'll let Gianluca do the build-to-order question. Just on the SMR, I said this many times, there's only a couple of cloud customers that really take SMR. There's a couple of client server customers that take SMR as well, so we ship it into multiple markets, but we talk about SMR versus CMR, but I just look at it as drives, drives, how does the customer need them, and we can configure them for those applications for those particular customers, whether it's one or two people accordingly. From my perspective, we have a great technology set that we can deploy every place, and we'll try to keep those factories as full as we possibly can and maximize it. So that's how I think about the SMR mix.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. On the build-to-order, we have different kind of agreements with different customers, but the vast majority are orders that are fully committed by customers out in time.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dave Mosley for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Nick. Our strategic improvements in advanced technology road map position us well to meet evolving customer needs and drive future growth. We remain committed to delivering value and scalable storage solutions for our customers. I’d like to thank our dedicated team, our supply chain partners and our shareholders for your continued support. Thanks. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer, and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and in our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. In order to provide all analysts with the opportunity to participate, we thank you in advance for asking just one primary question and then re-entering the queue. I'll now hand the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate in fiscal 2024 on a high note, reflecting strong operational execution and more favorable supply demand dynamics. Fourth quarter revenue increased 18% year-on-year, supported by strengthening global cloud demand. We achieved non-GAAP gross margin of nearly 31% at the company level, supported by HDD gross margin that were above that level and at the top end of our long-term target range. These results, along with ongoing expense discipline, led to non-GAAP EPS of $1.05, far exceeding the high end of our guidance range. At the start of the fiscal year, we highlighted three financial priorities, namely to increase profitability, drive cash generation, and strengthen our balance sheet. Reflecting on our full-year performance, we delivered on all three. Our results were due in part to the built to order or BTO strategy that we put in place to provide greater supply-demand predictability and optimize our cash resources. For fiscal ‘24, we expanded non-GAAP operating profit by 64%, grew free cash flow sequentially every quarter of the fiscal year, and maintained healthy liquidity levels. As we enter the new fiscal year with operating and financial momentum in an improving demand environment, executing our mass capacity product roadmap is a top priority. In the September quarter we expect to complete the HAMR-based Mozaic 3+ product qualification with our lead CSP partner. We've also started to ramp our 28 terabyte PMR, SMR product platform drives in high volume. These two product advancements align well with the strengthening nearline demand environment. I'll share further details around our product execution momentarily, but first I'll briefly review the current market trends. As I highlighted a moment ago, we are seeing strong nearline cloud demand growth from customer globally. Fourth quarter nearline cloud revenue more than doubled from the year ago period and we expect growth to continue in fiscal 2025. We attribute the underlying demand drivers to an increase from both traditional cloud computing workloads, as well as new AI-related deployments. We believe this demand rebound follows a period of deferred HDD storage investments by cloud providers as they prioritize spending towards compute-intensive infrastructure. While cloud service providers are continuing to build out that infrastructure, they increasingly focus on developing, deploying, and monetizing AI applications. This involves both training of large language models and expanding the entire hardware stack to support future generative AI content-driven growth. While HDD demand pull-through related to AI is still relatively small, we believe HDDs will play a crucial role in enabling both of these phases of the AI adoption curve. By offering cost efficient, scalable storage solutions, HDDs are ideal for maintaining the integrity of AI training data sets, as well as preserving the valuable content that AI engines are projected to generate in the future. In the enterprise OEM markets, we observed a gradual improvement in demand for the second consecutive quarter and continue to project stronger growth in the second-half of the calendar year, driven by both modest improvement in traditional server unit demand and increased exabyte content. We've also started to see incremental demand for higher density storage specific solutions, due in part to enterprises putting storage capacity in place, either on-prem or in private clouds, as they prepare for future AI applications. Finally, turning to the VIA markets. Sales of our VIA products came in better than we expected in the June quarter, while customer inventory remains at healthy levels. We expect VIA sales will likely fluctuate a bit in the second-half of the calendar year off of this higher base. Global demand indications for smart city projects remain strong, but near-term budget visibility for these projects is mixed in many markets amid the current global macro uncertainty. Overall, the end-market demand trends are solidly pointing to long-term growth opportunities for mass capacity storage. Demand recovery for our high capacity near line drives has been faster than anticipated, which has extended product lead times and led to tighter overall supply conditions. Based on our current outlook, our nearline exabyte supply is committed through the end of the calendar year. These trends underscore the relevance of our BTO strategy, which is intended to provide greater demand predictability for Seagate and supply assurance for our customers. In this environment, we are working with our customers to obtain better demand visibility and address their exabyte growth needs through product transitions while maintaining a strong focus on profitability and supply discipline. As noted last quarter, we are executing the qualification and ramp of two new high capacity drives. Transitioning to these higher capacity products enabled Seagate to profitably expand exabytes shipment volume with our existing Hard Disk Drive production capacity, while also supporting our customers growing data demand and TCO needs. Customer acceptance of our new PMR product continues to gain momentum. These drives, which offer capacities of up to 28 terabytes, have demonstrated solid yield, quality, and performance today. With numerous customers now qualified, spanning the cloud, enterprise, and VIA markets, and several more planned to complete in the coming months, volume ramp is already underway. In the June quarter, we shipped a small volume of HAMR-based Mozaic drives for revenue to non-cloud customers. Consistent with our recent public commentary, our lead CSP customer is validating drives built with the improved process controls and new firmware optimized for their specific workloads. Testing on these drives is progressing to plan and we expect a complete qualification to begin shipping them revenue units later in the September quarter. Based on our confidence in the technology and experience on this product platform, we are proceeding to launch new HAMR qualifications with the expectation to have multiple U.S. and China cloud customers, calls underway this quarter. We estimate these qualifications will take around three quarters on average to complete, which points to a broader volume ramp toward mid-calendar 2025. We are leveraging all of our learnings and pushing the pace of development on our next generation of HAMR drives, the Mozaic 4+. Mozaic 4+ offers 33% more capacity compared with the HAMR drives that we're shipping today with minimal changes to the bill of materials. This illustrates the central value proposition of the Mozaic platform, namely the technology's ability to scale drive capacity through aerial density gains rather than adding Hard Disk Drive. This capability is enabling Seagate to deliver significant cost benefits to our customers as well as offer power and space advantages that are particularly valuable for data center operators as they expand cloud and AI infrastructure. For example, each data center slot loaded with one of our Mozaic 3+ drives offers 3 times the storage capacity relative to the average capacity of nearline drives in our installed base and consumes about 70% less power per terabyte. These represent tremendous savings opportunities for data centers at exabyte scale. We are hearing from customers directly, including CSPs, that HDDs already play a crucial role in extracting value from data in the early stages of AI application deployment. As GenAI engines mature, customers expect an acceleration in content creation that will lead to significant demand for mass capacity storage. We recognize that GenAI is still in its early stages of adoption. However, this customer feedback combined with our early engagements with nearline cloud and OEM customers reinforces our view that mass capacity storage will be a beneficiary in both the cloud and at the edge as the adoption of these new exciting applications take hold. I'll stop there and pass the call over to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate delivered a strong June quarter financial performance underscored by double-digit revenue growth on both a sequential and year-over-year basis, with profitability exceeding the high-end of our guidance range. For the June quarter, revenue was $1.89 billion, up 14% quarter-over-quarter, and 18% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating income was up 79%, sequentially to $327 million, leading to non-GAAP operating margin of 17% of revenue, expanding 120 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And our non-GAAP EPS was $1.05, exceeding the high-end of our guidance range, reflecting the improving exabyte demand trends, ongoing price adjustment, and continued cost discipline. Within our Hard Disk Drive business, exabyte shipments grew 15% sequentially to 114 exabytes, while revenue increased 17% to $1.7 billion. Growing demand for our mass capacity product more than offset a sequential decline in the legacy and non-HDD businesses. Within the mass capacity market, revenue increased 22% sequentially to $1.4 billion, driven by strengthening global nearline cloud demand, along with an improvement in the VIA market. Mass capacity shipments totaled 104 exabytes, compared with 89 exabytes in the March quarter, up 17% sequentially. Mass capacity shipments now represent more than 90% of total HDD exabytes, reflecting the continued long-term secular growth for cost-efficient scalable storage. Seagate nearline product portfolio is as well positioned to address with growing demand. In the June quarter, nearline shipment totaled 84 exabyte, up quarter-over-quarter from 72 exabytes. The expert demand will continue to improve from global CSPs as well as nearline enterprise customers into the back half of calendar 2024. As Dave mentioned, demand for our VIA product was better than we had forecasted in the June quarter, which is more a function of older timing as our VIA revenue outlook for the calendar year has not changed. Finally, legacy product revenue was $290 million, while revenue for our non-HDD business was $160 million, both down slightly on a sequential basis and lower-than-expected at the beginning of the quarter. Moving on to the rest of the income statement, non-GAAP gross profit increased sequentially by $151 million in the June quarter to $583 million. This represents a 45% increase in gross profit, compared with similar revenue levels in the December 2022 quarter. Importantly, we achieve a non-GAAP gross margin of 30.9% at the company level, which is well inside our long-term margin range. Overall, non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 480 basis points quarter-over-quarter, which was faster than we had originally anticipated. As Dave noted, margin for Hard Disk Drive business were notably higher than the corporate margin. Our outperformance is supported by continued price adjustment, favorable mix shift toward mass capacity products and ongoing cost efficiencies. Underutilization costs decreased to roughly $20 million, compared to $43 million in the previous quarter. The expected underutilization cost will be minimal going forward, reflecting the improving demand environment. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $256 million, up 3% quarter-over-quarter, roughly in line with our plans. Adjusted EBITDA continued to improve and was up 45% sequentially in the June quarter to $404 million. Non-GAAP net income strongly increased to $122 million, resulting in non-GAAP of $1.05 per share, based on diluted share count of approximately 212 million shares. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet, in the June quarter, cash and cash equivalent total $1.4 billion, including $560 million, representing a majority of the proceeds from the sales of our SOC assets announced in April. From an accounting perspective, we recorded $126 million of the proceeds in operational cash flow, which are net of transaction cost and related to our long-term SOC purchase agreement. The remaining proceeds are reflected in invested cash inflow. Capital expenditures for the quarter were down 10% to $54 million. For the fiscal 2024, CapEx spending was $254 million, which is just below the low-end of our target 4% to 6% of revenue. Looking out to fiscal ‘25, we will maintain capital discipline and currently expect CapEx to be at the low-end of the target range. Free cash flow generation was $380 million, including the $126 million noted earlier from the SOC divestiture. As a reminder, we plan to use a portion of this proceeds to support our supply chain. With this in mind, we expect free cash flow in the September quarter to be at or slightly above breakeven. We return $147 million to shareholders through the quarterly dividend, exiting the quarter with 210 million shares outstanding. We close the June quarter with $2.9 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolving credit facility. With cash and cash equivalents of $1.4 billion, net debt decreased 11% to $4.4 billion at the end of the June quarter. Other income and expenses were $81 million, down from $85 million in the prior quarter, and reflecting higher interest income from improved cash balance and relatively flat interest expenses. Turning now to our outlook, we expect mass capacity revenue to trend higher in the September quarter, and more than offset lower sales into the legacy markets. We continue to see demand growth from global cloud customers, as well as a modest improvement in the nearline enterprise market. We expect growth margin to benefit from a richer mix of mass capacity revenue and ongoing pricing actions. With better context, September quarter revenue is expected to be in a range of $2.1 billion plus or minus $150 million, an increase of 11% sequentially, and 44% year-on-year at the midpoint. We are planning for non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $270 million, which include costs associated with reinstating our variable compensation plan. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the high-teens percentage range. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $1.40 plus or minus $0.20, based on a deleted share account of approximately 213 million shares and a non-GAAP tax expense of $15 million to $20 million. Our results reflect our supply discipline and strong focus on profitability. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I'm pleased with our strong performance exiting fiscal ‘24, which reflects our team's unwavering focus on improving profitability and driving cash generation. Two key financial imperatives, as we enter fiscal ‘25, and the improving near line cloud and enterprise demand, we will focus on supporting exit by growth through product transitions. We are working closely with customers to address their data storage needs through two new high capacity products, including the Mozaic 3+ HAMR Drives. We remain confident in the HAMR technology, which provides our customers with cost efficient, scalable storage that we believe will prove critical in an era where data holds unprecedented value. We want to thank our global teams for their creativity and perseverance over the last several quarters that have helped us achieve the results that we announced today. Our structural performance improvements, coupled with a favorable demand environment and differentiated technology roadmap, position us well for years to come. We also wish to thank our suppliers for your support and our customers and shareholders for placing your trust in Seagate. Gianluca and I are now ready to open up to call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Dave, you mentioned that nearline capacity is committed through end of calendar ’24? How should we think about the market coming more in supply-demand balance and when do you think that would happen? Or maybe asking it another way, how long would it take for you to add incremental capacity? And how do we square that with the low end of capex for fiscal 25 comments from Gianluca? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, we are being very careful with adding more capacity. It's good news seeing the demand come back to the extent that it has, but it's still not back to the levels it was a couple of years ago. And if you'll recall, we took something like 25% of the capacity offline and we let a bunch of people go. And so, you know, we've been hiring a lot of the people back, but we're still pretty far away from the supply capabilities that we had years ago. What we're doing right now is trying to get predictable. So, you know, making sure that with the supply that we do have, we're getting it booked and that's why we have the confidence through the end of the calendar year. And then we're trying to drive product transitions, which helps us answer the call for exabyte demand with the new products and make making sure we get that book, so that people are committed to the qualifications and then can have access to that technology as well, which obviously helps us rebuild the industry and the margins that we have. We can share that with suppliers as well. So just that predictability is our priority right now, not adding more capacity.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thanks. If I could really quick one for Gianluca. In your guide of the gross margin improvement, right? As you've gone through the last few quarters, you've been seeing material step function changes in your gross margin as some of these underutilization charges have gone away on these higher revenues. As you think about this quarter-on-quarter into September and beyond, it seems that the gross margin improvement is sort of asymptoting. And I'm wondering, is that more because of the ramp and qualification around HAMR and sort of where those volumes are this year? Or is it, and should we think that we won't get as much leverage on gross margins over the next few quarters. How should we be thinking about that? Thank you so much.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Wamsi. Well, I would say, first of all, we are very satisfied with the trend in our gross margin. This quarter, I mean, the June quarter, was even little bit higher than what we were expecting. So we went a little bit faster on both the pricing actions and the reduction in our internal cost. This is going on. We expect this to happen again in the September quarter. It's always difficult to perfectly estimate how much will be the impact for the full quarter. As you know, volume is going up. So the underutilization charges will decline even more in September, and we don't really expect this cost to be impacting the company through fiscal ‘25. And then, of course, because of the supply-demand balance now is a bit different than what was in the past. We still expect some improvement on the pricing action. So everything is reflected in our guidance and the trend is continuing and is going in the right direction.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thank you so much.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from a Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you for taking my question. The guy talked about improving enterprise storage demand from your enterprise OEM customers. How much visibility is there, and how do you feel about the sustainability of that demand as the quarters progress? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Asiya. I would say that the visibility is not as good as what we have from the CSPs today, but it's been a fairly sharp downturn in on-prem enterprise, as well over the last year. So talking to the customers, they see some of that coming back, maybe not as early, but probably into FY ‘25 later in the year. So that's what we're targeting right now. And again, trying to get the new products qualified there so we can answer it with exabytes. We think that over time on-prem is going to grow, because a lot of the cool applications that people are talking about, read AI applications, will need on-prem storage, as well for various reasons, snapshotting and checkpointing of the data and just making sure you feed all the AI engines with mass data at the edge. So we think there's opportunity there, but it's definitely lagging what we're seeing in CSPs right now.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Great guys, thanks so much for taking my question. Dave, really if you could provide an update on HAMR timing. Tonight, those comments are obviously helpful in understanding the ramp. I guess, I want to provide some assurance for the market on timing. And that is just, if we're at from 1 to 10, 10 being highest conviction, how much conviction do you have that HAMR will qualify for your first maker cloud customer in the September quarter and why? Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Well, yes, we're pretty convicted from our comments in the prepared remarks, of course. You know, in short, Erik, we're looking at the data and we have thousands of drives running in our shop. We have at the customer sites as well they're running under a variety of workloads and we're mindful of the fact that we have to prove the long-term performance. We had some supplier issues during the course of this summer when we went to high volume, but we see the fixes and we see how they're responding in the test beds that we've got. So we're very optimistic about getting through these things. Our industry's really upped its game as the drives, they have to last for five, six, seven, years in the data center. It takes a little time to prove that kind of performance. We can't just fix that in a week. We have to actually prove it ourselves. So the bar is pretty high, but we'll get over the bar really soon, and that's why we're optimistic about it.
Erik Woodring: Super. Thanks so much, Dave.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowan. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, thanks for the question. I have a two-part question, one for Gianluca on gross margins. It looks like September quarter gross margin is up probably at 50 to 100 basis points. Is this a fair characterization? And do you have any update to your long-term growth margin targets since you're already there? And then Dave, you kind of spoke about exabytes committed for this year. Any view on FY ‘25 or calendar ‘25 exabytes for you or for the industry? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: In terms of gross margin, as I said before, we are going in the right direction. We have improved our gross margin by a lot in the last three or four quarters, so we are pleased with this trend. And we see further improvements coming in the current quarter. And then, as we discussed also in the past, we see both revenue and profitability continue to improve through the calendar ‘24. So we are fairly optimistic of course, we always need to check supply and demand balance and we need to have enough volume to bring underutilization charges to zero and right now it is in our forecast. So we are going the right direction, and we are not giving a new range for now. But as Dave said in his script, especially the hard disk part of the business is particularly strong and is already at the top of what we have in the current model range in terms of gross margin.
Dave Mosley: And then Krish, relative to your question, for me, there is some evidence that the cloud continues to strengthen going into calendar ‘25. We don't want to talk about that too much just yet, but I think enterprise on-prem will, this is to a CS question, will improve in exabyte demand as well in calendar ‘25. Our exabytes are fairly committed through calendar ‘24, so we have limited supply and FY ‘25 is starting to fill up. And for customers needing more exabyte scale, that's why we're driving the mix via new product introduction, so hard that we talked about.
Krish Sankar: Thank you, gentlemen. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question out too as well, I guess. I guess just both on pricing, especially on the mass capacity side, it looks like your pricing is up mid-single-digits maybe even slightly better than that. Can you just talk about how do you see the pricing trajectory on a year-on-year basis pan out through the end of this calendar year or fiscal year. I'd love to just get a sense on the pricing side? And then, Dave, when you talk about these HAMR volumes getting -- happening in mid-2025, so the push out you've seen, there's always this fear that as people, as investors, as customers wait for HAMR arms, Western did will pick up more incremental share with the Seagate. So can you just talk about customers broadly doing as a way for these HAMR qualifications to happen? And what gives you comfort that perhaps the share -- market share doesn't go away from you as these qualifications happen over the next few quarters?
Dave Mosley: Well, I think we have products all the way from 20 to 32 terabytes, and we're going to go to 40 terabytes and we're just asking customers exactly what they want to fill their exabyte demand. So we have a lot of options. And we're making sure we're as predictable as we possibly can be. So market share is an outcome. And what we said many, many times is we're going to go build to order. We're going to communicate with the customers exactly what's going on. So I'm not really worried about market share. It's more how do we predictably run our factories. Long lead times on the products and the supply is fairly tight right now. Making sure we get the customers exactly what they need when they need it is really our priority. And that does transition into the pricing discussion, which I'll let Gianluca answer for you here in a second. But what I would say is if you look back 6 months ago before we started to see some of this demand uptick, we said we're not taking some deals that we thought were dilutive, increasingly dilutive to our industry. And now as we see better and better dynamics, tighter supply dynamics and so on, we've taken the deals obviously in the back half of this year. And where it goes from here really is dictated by the continued demand. So how big is the demand next year with all these new applications that people are talking about?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. On the pricing, of course, we are coming out from a fairly long down cycle, and we have started to increase our pricing based on the increased demand a few quarters ago. Part of the pricing is already included in our build to order that Dave already discussed, so already is part of the volume that already include a certain pricing for the next several quarters and is another part that will be discussed during the quarter in terms of upside and in different segments. In some segments, now the demand is strong, especially in the cloud. Enterprise OEM is also starting to improve. That is very good for us. Video and image application, I think through the end of the calendar year, will show some further improvement. Of course, there is also part of the business more in the legacy side that is not currently growing. Obviously the industry is becoming more healthy. The ecosystem is improving. So the pricing trend is going in the direction where we have discussed also in the last couple of quarters and of course is part of the improvement that we can see in the gross margin.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Kind of digging a little bit into the gross margin drivers. One of your competitors talks a lot about SMR. And I know in your slide deck you highlighted the 28-terabyte SMRs going through qualification. I'm just curious of how much of your nearline business today is on SMR. And if not a lot, how much does that ramp change the trajectory of gross margin? Just trying to isolate that SMR benefit that, I think, could play out from gross margin. And then I guess, Gianluca, on gross margin, I'm curious of -- excluding the underutilization charges, it, to me, looks like you're guiding gross margin more or less flat sequentially. Is there any drivers of why you wouldn't see the same kind of incremental margin flow-through in the model this quarter relative to what you've seen over the last two quarters or so?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say the June quarter came out better than what we were expecting, so we have anticipated a little bit of that gross margin improvement in the June quarter. Again, we are very positive for the current quarter. We have included in the guidance what we already have agreed with customers, and then we will see how the quarter will come out, can come out also a little bit better than what we expect in terms of pricing but of course, depends on what are the negotiations through the quarter. We are happy on the cost side. Cost is declining, so this is helping us. And it will be another step during the second part of the calendar year. So in terms of SMR, I don't know if, Dave, you want to answer that question.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Hi, Aaron. So on SMR, I would just say, look, we've qualified SMR at all customers that want it, and SMR as a percentage of the total is really a function of what customer is pulling in a given quarter. And so we work with the customers that they happen to want -- there's different flavors of SMR. There's some people who need variance of CMR, and there's a lot of different complexity in the customer base. We'll ship whatever the customer needs. Relative to margins, SMR, does it help margins or hurt margins? It's not very relevant. It helps capacity points in some cases, and that's important for individual customers, but we have options to go wherever we want to in the different flavors of SMR if we have to.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I think in the past, you said that your max exabyte shipment capacity is about 120 exabytes. You just shipped 114. You're going to ship more in September. So in the not-too-distant future, you're going to kind of bump up against max capacity. I know, Dave, you said that you're hiring folks back and stuff. But we're going to kind of get to a point where you've been raising prices. But how do you think about -- strategically, do you sort of slow roll the capacity expansion so that you don't really grow that number very much and you then take price? Or do you just think about more of a modest price increase trajectory and you basically back solve into what you have to expand in terms of capacity? How do you think about that balance?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tim. So we're going to be very cautious given what we've just been through. So it's not ancient history, and I guess the scars are fairly fresh on our back, not only us but our entire industry, right? So the entire supply chain needs to recover. I think as we start to look out further and people are booking with more confidence things further along, we'll probably add back some people, use some of the existing capacity that we have, top out at that 125 number or maybe slightly higher than that, which we'll work as tough as we can inside of operations to do that. We can grow more exabytes by getting through product transitions. And that's one of the reasons why we're driving so hard to get through the product transition. So we don't have to necessarily answer it with new CapEx. We have the CapEx that can actually go through the product transitions already. And that's the way we're going to answer it first, and then we'll see how much demand continues above that. Historically, as you all know, demand has been significantly higher for HDDs before the pandemic and even in -- sometimes during the pandemic. So we've been through a wild ride from a supply chain perspective and the demand, especially with some of these new applications that are coming online, continues to go north. We'll have to deal with that at the time. I think it's too early to do that yet.
Timothy Arcuri: So is there just -- is there some number that the customer is bearing to -- I mean, willing to bear, Dave? Is it like -- do you think the customer can bear these sort of 5% to 10% price increases? I mean those are the kind of numbers we're hearing for the back half of the year. It seems very high and not a number that the customer probably can bear?
Dave Mosley: Well, the way I would think about it instead is as we go to higher and higher capacity points, that value proposition into their data center, if they're going to be running those drives for five to seven years, is huge, right? They're getting more power efficiency and everything else. And so yes, they see that TCO benefit as well driving through the product transition.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Tim, finally, the supply-demand dynamics will determine the price. That's a reality at the end. So demand is fairly strong at least in part of the business right now, and hopefully, this will continue for a certain number of quarters in the future.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. I’d look to follow-up as well on exabyte capacity. I just was hoping you could think about or help us think about rather the outlook for mass capacity demand from here. You indicated that nearline enterprise and OEM should gradually improve with stronger growth projected in the second-half of calendar 2025. However, with HAMR expected to ramp in mid-calendar 2025, are you anticipating or should we anticipate any moderation in cloud demand from now until then given the fact that September quarter will be the fifth quarter of growth of exabytes, which is a bit longer than what a typical cycle is? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Karl, as you know, the front end of the plunge was much more significant than anything we've ever seen before. We didn't ever even seen negative growth before the middle of this pandemic, right, on nearline exabyte demand. So it's -- we started from a very weak spot. I don't think we're back to normal demand by any stretch of the imagination, but we're going to have to -- like I said, because of what we've been through, we're going to be very cautious. And do you want to say something else, Gianluca?
Gianluca Romano: I would say we -- of course, now we have HAMR, which is in qualification right now. And in the script, we said we will have few other customers that will qualify in the next few quarters, and then we will ramp more volume. But we have, of course, many other products that we can use to answer the increase in demand between now and when we have a significant ramp in HAMR.
Dave Mosley: Right, Karl. I mean the BTO process gives us the visibility that we need. I don't think I would take away that's some middle of next year or anything else. I mean we're going to be very aggressive on all of the products moving forward to give exabytes that way. The high volume issues, the process issues that we've seen are really valuable learning for us, and I'm happy that the industry is all aligned at 4 terabytes and 5 terabyte value propositions that are not too far away. So we're going to aggressively drive these introductions and be as aggressive as you can just to help reconstitute the margin in the industry. We've had a busy summer making it work, of course, but I wouldn't trade all those learnings in as far as future ramps and future qualifications. Let's go.
Operator: The next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, just a quick question on -- when you look at your underutilization, I just wonder if you can give us a color on what the utilization levels are now? And how do you -- does it get to like 85%, 90% by exiting the year?
Gianluca Romano: I'm not sure I got the question. But if you're talking about the level of underutilization, is not going to be any significant impact for the fiscal year '25. So that will help our cost per terabyte, our cost in general and is one factor on the increase of the gross margin that we expect.
Dave Mosley: Right. If it helps, the utilization generally is high, but there are various factories in the industry and the supply chain that have been pulled offline. So the question is do we bring those factories back online, even though the utilization of the existing factories might be high than bringing new factory -- or the -- sorry, some of the old factories back online is one of the questions we're dealing with.
Operator: The next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, thank you for taking the question. You talked about nearline exabyte committed for all of calendar '24. Curious how much of that have you locked in fixed pricing. And then, I guess, bigger picture question on gross margins. Now that underutilization is de minimis pushing into the second-half of the calendar year, how should we be thinking about ASPs versus mix driving gross margins higher? And as part of that, as HAMR revenues start to trickle in, in September, in December at those lower volumes, do you expect that to be accretive or dilutive? And very helpful.
Dave Mosley: C.J., on the bookings, if you will, some of that stuff was booked, as I mentioned before, as much as a quarter ago as we started to see the demand go up. So we're fairly confident in the price and the volume that we can actually supply towards the back half of the year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So I would say, all what you said will be an help to our gross margin, of course, the pricing in the BTO, the eventual pricing that we will negotiate through the rest of the quarter and the fiscal year, now assuming demand is still growing as we expect and of course, also HAMR. HAMR, hopefully, we will be able to ship a significant volume in the next few quarters, and that will help also our gross margin to grow.
Dave Mosley: And C.J., you also asked a question about whether it's accretive or dilutive to gross margins. That's not exactly the way we think about it. HAMR unlocks new capacity points, of course, very quickly, and so we'll drive for that. It's a better TCO proposition as I talked about before. There's not significant cost issues with the HAMR platforms. So I think what we can do over time is drive for more product efficiency, especially as we get higher and higher capacity drives, the lower capacity drives become much more component efficient, and that's exactly why we're driving the transition.
Operator: Next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question and I appreciate all the details. I appreciate all the details. Dave, just want to go back to the long-term strategy. You guys have done a great job of resizing the company and adjusting to tough market environment and now benefiting from pricing and very diligent with CapEx and everything else and HAMR is ramping middle of next year. When you think about it longer term, especially as we go through this up cycle, what are your thoughts about recapitalizing the balance sheet? What are your thoughts about longer-term earning power for the company? And is there anything that you see in the next year or so that you can do to better strengthen the balance sheet so that we could think of the longer-term growth drivers and earning power in an environment where you're not spending $80 million a quarter in interest expense?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Mehdi. So these are questions that we're stewing on now since the last year has been so operationally focused, to your earlier point, and thanks for all the accolades. I mean it's a very, very tough year that we've been through, but we're going to have to start addressing these questions. A lot of it comes down to what ultimately the demand is and is that demand persistent. What we don't want to do is drive our supply back up to some higher demand thing and then go through the same kind of cycle again. We just can't. We can't do that, I mean, on our financial footing. So we're going to have to address the debt. Depending on what the demand ultimately is, we're going to have to address the debt where it is. But if the demand is even higher, then we'll address that when it comes. And I think it's too early to speculate on what that is. We're still recovering from what we've just been through.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, in terms of the balance sheet, we've already partially addressed the high level of debt. We enter into the down cycle with $6.2 billion of debt. We are now at $5.7 million. Our liquidity is much better than what it was a few quarters ago. We were fairly open in the discussion even in the prior quarters. We want to bring this debt down possibly around the $5 billion. And then we see, based on where the business is, if we want to do even more or we stay at that level.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I hope you don't mind if I go back over the capacity question again. I guess I understand where you're talking about as you go through these product transitions, you sort of are shipping more exabytes per head and platter, et cetera. But I guess given that -- this new technology, how do we think about this transition in terms of opening up capacity over the next 12 months versus prior node transitions? Anything you can do on that to help us in modeling out three, four quarters because I think we're all struggling with the idea do we assume that you're in an incredibly tight environment in three or four quarters where you're getting more price or do we assume that you're matching demand and pricing is steady? It sounds like you're adding people back already, so I'm just trying to put all that together in some kind of quantifiable manner.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Steve. It is difficult math because you have to understand exactly what the mix is of the demand that comes, right? So if it's all highest capacity drives, that's one question. If you get a lot of mid-capacity -- mid-range capacity, which is really the strength that we saw before the pandemic, was mid-range capacity and if some of that starts coming back, there's various customers that may need that. We answer the call differently for our product today or once we drive through these transitions, we're much more efficient, right? So a lot of it will depend upon the exact mix. I think where we are right now is our thinking is do not add any drive capacity at all. Just continue to be as utilized as we can and wait and see how that mix develops.
Operator: The next question is from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Dave, just going back to GenAI, in the prepared remarks, you talked about starting to see demand driven by AI. I guess how much -- in what spirit is it starting to show up? Is it just kind of like dribs and drabs? Are you starting to see legitimate kind of chunky orders? And then any view -- like do you have any visibility or any view on when on-premise starts for inferencing? And I guess just in that context also, are the Tier 2s yet kind of "get customers treated as"? Appreciate it. That's it for me, Tier 2 CSPs.
Dave Mosley: That's a pretty rich question. Let me try this Ananda. So I think, remember, a few years ago, we talked about the cloud being in the early innings. I think most of what we're seeing as far as demand right now is traditional cloud workloads, continuing to migrate to the cloud, so that's maybe middle innings -- maybe still early innings for that matter. As far as GenAI, I think we're in the very early innings. So we can all see the efficiency of some of these new applications that are coming, but I have yet to see the big data applications really taking up. And I think they will come with video creation, video storage, video consumption at the edge, exactly to your point. More importantly, I think a lot of AI applications will need snapshotting in order to trust them. I mean if you make a decision with an AI engine, you're going to need to be able to prove that, that decision was the right decision by having snapshots of the data. And I think that's the biggest opportunity that we see at the edge and in the cloud. And so we're quite excited about it, but it's still very early. We do have some purchase orders that are specifically targeted at AI, but we have not really seen how fast some of these are going to grow. And especially for the big data applications that we're really excited about, they're still in the very early innings.
Operator: The next question is from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. The focus on the HAMR has been on CSP customers, but I think you said you're now qualified with some Chinese cloud customers. Is that -- how incremental is that? And how does it help move into potentially the U.S. hyperscaler market over time?
Dave Mosley: Sorry, Tristan. Yes, we said non-cloud customers. We didn't say anything specifically.
Gianluca Romano: We didn't even say Chinese.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think the way I think about this is there's different kinds of customers that have different kinds of qualifications and also those customer architectures are more and less tolerant of certain kind of faults and things like that. And we're very communicative with the customers on this. So the volume ramp has begun. It's not as aggressive as we were 6 months ago because of some of these volume issues that we have, but we're going to continue to ship more and more units to other people and learn from those shipments as well as we build volume in our factories, we'll learn about these -- some of these supplier interactions that really slowed us down.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey guys, sorry if I missed this, I was bouncing between calls, but could you just update us on the process with the firmware update that you chose to do? I think you had previously mentioned that you had a subcomponent with a single supplier that was causing an issue, but then you used that opportunity to update the firmware. So have you completed the firmware, I guess, requalification? And does that have anything to do with the push out into Q3? And what incremental steps do you need to take to complete the qualification from this point? That would be super helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: No, I think the test beds are up and running. The firmware, we have high confidence in the firmware qualification, and we think we're over that. We're always doing firmware updates for new features for various customers, various market segments and so on. I mean we talked about this in the SMR details earlier. There's always architectural changes going on. So I think we're fairly confident about that.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Miller with The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: Just wondering what your thoughts about in terms of the ramp of introduction of AI chips into PCs. Where do you see that, say, in the middle of next year as a percent of PCs with AI chips?
Dave Mosley: This is a very interesting topic as well, Mark. From my perspective, it's time for the PC ecosystem to get some new applications. And so I'm very excited about it. I hope that some of those applications are what I'll call video editing applications. And so then the question is where is the data. Is it on the PC forever? Is it right next to the PC? Is it in the closet in the small, medium business? Is it up in the cloud? I mean as long as those applications are creating data and you want to store that data for a long time, I'm happy with it. Some of the sharing may not be as rich, but I think people are going to be very creative with some of the applications that are coming. We've seen the applications in the AI PC space, but I think the adoption is still going to be slow. And I hope I'm wrong. I mean I hope it's a little bit faster.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gary, and everyone on the call. We appreciate your participation and your questions today. Hopefully, you've seen our enthusiasm for how Seagate is positioned to address the improving demand environment across all of our end markets. By continuing to focus on the fundamentals, the strong financial and operational execution and advancing our areal density growth road map, Seagate is well positioned to deliver value both to our customers and our shareholders, and we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer, and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and the detailed supplemental information for our March quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. In order to provide all analysts with the opportunity to participate, we thank you in advance for asking one primary question and then re-entering the queue. I'll now hand the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate is delivering solid financial results in an improving demand environment. In the March quarter, we grew revenue 6%, expanded non-GAAP gross profit 18%, and more than doubled non-GAAP earnings per share compared with the prior quarter. Our performance is a function of both improving end-market demand and the decisive actions we implemented throughout the downturn to strengthen our financial profile heading into the recovery. Nearline cloud demand trends are increasingly positive across both US and China customers, and we also saw a sequential improvement in the enterprise OEM markets in the March quarter. On the execution side, the quarter-on-quarter margin expansion reflects our pricing initiatives taking hold as well as favorable mix, resulting in revenue growth in the quarter outpacing exabyte growth. Pricing strategy is just one key piece of our broader focus on profitability, which also includes maintaining a healthy supply-demand balance, introducing new technologies to enhance value for our customers, and maintaining tight expense controls with an emphasis on generating cash. Looking at the near-term end-market dynamics, cloud continues to lead the demand recovery. For a second consecutive quarter, we realized strong double-digit revenue growth from sales to cloud customers, with improvement across both US and global cloud names. We believe the long-running cloud customer inventory correction is mostly complete and their end demand is also improving. Based on our customer interactions, we currently expect healthy nearline demand growth to continue through the rest of calendar 2024. Within the enterprise OEM markets, demand stabilized in the second half of calendar 2023 and we observed incremental improvement in the March quarter. Historically, enterprise nearline demand has correlated well with traditional server growth, which is projected to modestly increase in calendar 2024. As a result, we expect enterprise OEM revenue to improve as server growth resumes. In the VIA markets, revenue was seasonally lower in the March quarter and we expect demand to trend higher through the calendar year. Smart cities remain the largest end-market opportunity for VIA products. However, new applications continue to emerge that use AI analytics to form actionable insights from data at the edge, where an estimated 80% of data resides. One such use case centers on smart energy and utility management that aims to use imaging data to drive energy efficiency and conservation. Analysts place this among the fastest-growing sectors for VIA applications worldwide. Within China, the pace and magnitude of demand improvement in VIA and other HDD markets will be shaped by economic recovery in the region. We continue to monitor the government's efforts to spur economic growth, including stimulus plans aimed at digital transformation and infrastructure spend. Recent economic indicators show signs of progress. However, it will take time for the benefits of these programs to take hold. Overall, we believe these constructive market trends support steady revenue growth throughout the calendar year. Our ability to deliver that growth is enhanced by our build-to-order initiative that is now in place with the majority of large mass capacity customers. These plans support Seagate better demand visibility and greater predictability for capacity planning, while our customers find value in the assurance of supply that meets their volume and timing needs. Importantly, the improving overall outlook for HDD demand is unfolding as we execute on our product and technology roadmap. Today, we are simultaneously driving qualification and ramp plans for two high-capacity product families. Our last PMR product delivering up to 28 terabytes per drive, as well as our first HAMR-based Mozaic product on 3-plus terabytes per disk. This is rare for our industry, and I want to acknowledge our product teams at Seagate, who are doing a phenomenal job supporting customers as we work together to advance our industry-leading products and technologies through the various customer qualifications. These two product families share about 95% commonality in components and leverage the same assembly processes and test processes. This enables efficiencies across areas such as procurement, manufacturing, capital investments, and customer qualifications. The 24-terabyte, 28-terabyte PMR drives are in qualification at most of our global cloud and enterprise customers. We have already completed qualification with one major enterprise customer, some global Tier 2 customers, and with our enterprise systems business. We currently expect to begin shipping significant volumes in the first half of fiscal 2025. Relative to HAMR technology, we continue to progress towards completing our first large CSP customer qualification, though we experienced a temporary slowdown in recent weeks. We determined a mechanical component unrelated to the HAMR recording subsystem and some of our drives was not performing as expected. We identified and rapidly implemented the solution with full support from our customer. Verification tests are underway and these tests should be completed in the June quarter. Every other aspect of the qualification process has gone as expected. With this shift in timing, we now expect to ship a few hundred thousand HAMR-based Mozaic drives in the June quarter and meet the remainder of our customer's exabyte demand through other already qualified products. As we gradually ramp HAMR products with our lead hyperscale customer in the second half of the calendar year, we remain focused on broadening the number of customers qualified on Mozaic products. Customer feedback reaffirms strong interest in HAMR technology and that is further reflected in the successful completion of our first qualification with a top non-cloud customer a few weeks ago. We've laid out a Mozaic roadmap with a clear path to at least 50 terabyte drives that offers customers TCO and sustainability benefits, including lower power consumption and less required floor space on a per terabyte basis. We are scaling drive capacity through aerial density gains rather than adding heads and disks. As we execute on our product roadmap to 50 terabytes and beyond, we expect to incur minimal changes to our bill of material costs and maintain low capital intensity of between 4% and 6% of revenue. As a result, we believe HAMR provides the path for achieving margin performance beyond our current target range as production scales and also positions Seagate well to continue capitalizing on megatrends like AI and machine-learning, which drive long-term demand for cost-efficient mass storage. As we've discussed in the past, the initial phase of GenAI has focused on building out the compute-intensive infrastructure required to develop and train large language models. As development shifts to the deployment phase, enterprises will begin to leverage these trained AI models to transform data with value-enhancing applications and generate data-rich content. Customers expect HDD demand to increase as this phase takes hold. Over the next several years, the volume of AI-generated content is expected to increase and also shift towards more imagery and videos, which can be up to 1,000 times larger than text. These trends bode well for HDD demand over the long-term, as HDDs remain the most cost-effective means to house and subsequently use mass capacity data. To summarize, the combination of more favorable demand trends, strong operating discipline, and product and technology leadership, provide the foundation for driving further financial performance gains. This combination reinforces our confidence in returning to our long-term target margin ranges and potentially exceed those ranges over time as HAMR-based products proliferate in the marketplace. With that, Gianluca will now cover our financial performance and outlook.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate delivered solid financial performance in the March quarter with sequential improvement across every key financial metric. Revenue was $1.66 billion, up 6% quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was up 44% sequentially to $183 million, leading to a non-GAAP operating margin of 11% of revenue, expanding nearly 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and our non-GAAP EPS was $0.33, increasing $0.21 sequentially and above the midpoint of our guidance range, reflecting the improving demand trends and continued cost discipline. Within our Hard Disk Drive business, exabyte shipments grew 4% sequentially to 99-exabyte, while revenue increased 7% to $1.5 billion. Revenue performance was mainly driven by the expected improvement in the nearline cloud market as well as favorable pricing actions. Within the mass capacity market, revenue outpaced exabyte growth, increasing 11% sequentially to $1.2 billion with nearline cloud demand more than offsetting the slight decline in the VIA market. Mass capacity shipment totaled 89-exabyte compared with 83-exabyte in the December quarter. Mass capacity shipment as a percentage of total HDD exabyte was 89%, reflecting the continued long-term secular growth for mass capacity demand. For nearline products, shipment of 72 exabytes were up quarter-over-quarter from 65 exabytes. We believe that inventory among most CSP customers has decreased and anticipate continued nearline demand improvement in the June quarter and beyond. In the VIA market, we believe the March quarter will prove to be a low point of the calendar year with demand returning to more typical seasonal patterns moving forward. Legacy product revenue was $297 million, down from $324 million in the prior quarter, primarily driven by lower seasonal demand in the consumer market. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business was $178 million, essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. We expect both the legacy and non-HDD market to remain at similar level in the June quarter. Moving on to the rest of the income statement. Non-GAAP gross profit increased sequentially by $65 million in the March quarter to $432 million. Non-GAAP gross margin improved for a fourth consecutive quarter to 26.1% and expanded approximately 250 basis points compared to the previous quarter. Continued pricing adjustment and favorable mix shift toward mass capacity products offset margin headwinds from underutilization costs, which were about $43 million. Non-GAAP gross margin for the HDD business expanded much faster than overall company gross margin. Looking ahead, we expect underutilization cost to decrease in the June quarter and abate in the second half of the calendar year as our overall build volume improves to support incremental demand in the nearline market. We believe these factors along with ongoing expense discipline and product execution support the return to the 30% minimum margin benchmark in the current calendar year. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $249 million, up 4% quarter-over-quarter, but slightly better than our guidance, reflecting the timing of certain R&D spending and continued cost control efforts. Adjusted EBITDA continues to improve and was up 29% sequentially in the March quarter to $278 million. Non-GAAP net income was $71 million, nearly tripling quarter-over-quarter, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.33 per share based on diluted share count of approximately 212 million shares and a tax expense of $27 million. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet. In the March quarter, we increased free cash flow generation to $128 million. Capital expenditures were down sequentially to $60 million as the majority of planned capital expenditures were completed in the first half of fiscal '24. We expect fiscal '24 CapEx to be at or below the low end of our long-term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue. We returned $147 million to shareholders through the quarterly dividend, exiting the quarter with 210 million shares outstanding. We closed the March quarter with $2.3 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolver credit facilities. Today, we announced that Broadcom has acquired our [ASIC] (ph) assets, including development engineering and related IP for $600 million in cash. The cash inlay will be reflected on our balance sheet in the June quarter and Seagate expects to use a portion of the net proceeds to support our supply chain as we begin to ramp new product builds, as well as pay down debt over time. Additionally, we expect to realize annualized OpEx savings of approximately $40 million starting in fiscal 2025, but there is no expected impact to revenue. Inventory increased to $1.2 billion as we staged material to support the continuous mass capacity demand recovery, along with our concurrent ramp of our last PMR-based product and the initial Mozaic-based product ramp. Our debt balance was $5.7 billion at the end of March quarter, with more than 90% of our long-term debt obligation maturing beyond three years. Interest expense were $82 million and we project interest expense to be between $83 million and $85 million in the June quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect continued improvement in our mass capacity markets, led by ongoing demand for our nearline cloud products as well as modest improvement in both the nearline enterprise and VIA markets. Legacy and non-HDD revenue are expected to remain relatively flat sequentially. With better context, June quarter revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.85 billion, plus or minus $150 million, an increase of 12% sequentially and 16% year-on-year at the midpoint. We are planning non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $260 million. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to improve into the low-teens percentage range, including underutilization cost of approximately $20 million. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $0.70 plus or minus $0.20, based on a diluted share count of approximately 212 million shares and a non-GAAP tax expense of $25 million. Our strong expense management and supply discipline are contributing to the year-over-year profitability expansion that you are seeing in our results and outlook. Our balance sheet and healthy free cash flow generation position us well to continue supporting our capital return commitments. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate is demonstrating strong operational execution and supply discipline amid an improving demand environment, which sets us up well to grow revenue and further expand margins throughout calendar year 2024. Our product portfolio, anchored by industry-leading HAMR technology, offers compelling economics for our customers and for Seagate. As we proliferate these new products, we expect to drive further financial leverage over time. I'm confident that our product strategy offers customers the most compelling TCO proposition and positions Seagate well to capitalize on long-term demand for cost-effective mass capacity storage. We believe that the Mozaic platform delivers TCO advantages for datacenter operators and supports their increasing focus on conserving power and space. This week, Seagate published our 18th Annual ESG Report outlining the progress we've made towards our own sustainability goals, including our product circularity program. We are collaborating with customers and recovering drives from our own operations to extend these products' life cycles and conserve the planet's limited resources. Since launching this program in 2020, we've recovered and shipped nearly 4 million drives back into the market. Finally, I want to thank our global team members for their hard work and dedication and recognize our suppliers, customers, and shareholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Gary, we're ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thank you so much for taking my question. I'll make it -- I'll combine this into a two-part question. So, Dave, I appreciate your comments on HAMR in the prepared remarks, really just wanted to get clarification on two points, if I may. First is, have you replaced the mechanical component that was giving you an issue and then proceeded to do testing such that you won't have any further delays on HAMR and now you're just going through kind of the final testing phase with your lead CSP customer? And then second, I believe you've talked in the past about a goal of onboarding the remaining large CSPs by the end of calendar year '24. Does this hiccup impact that timing at all, or have you started the call process with these customers? Just any clarification on those two points would be super helpful. And that's it from me. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Erik. Yeah, appreciate the question. So, relative to the mechanical component in question, we do have other sources and we had those other sources running in parallel, so we were able to segregate the material and then get the test beds back up with the right material, I'll say it that way, and repopulate all those test beds and we recovered the schedule quite quickly because of that. So we're not happy that we had this issue, but obviously, I think we can move on from here and that's why we're expressing the confidence that we did in the script about completing the qualification this quarter and shipping the units. Relative to big picture of the program and these kinds of things happen when you start to integrate high-volume from all your suppliers, sometimes you see interactions that you didn't use and foresee, and long-term, this isn't going to slow us down at all and it shouldn't impact the other qualifications either. We are -- to the second point of your question, we are always re-evaluating exactly where we are involved but we want to also ramp HAMR as fast as we possibly can and get not only the 3 terabytes per platter but 4 terabytes per platter as well. So, still very optimistic on that front.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Dave, in the -- I just want to focus on the cloud recovery part. In the past, I think you've talked about this being potentially a bit more gradual in nature, but certainly looking at your March numbers and the June guide, it would suggest perhaps the recovery is a bit more steeper. So I'm hoping when you talk to -- to get a sense of when you talk to these cloud customers, how do you think about the pace and the durability of demand recovery on the cloud side? And related to that, I think you folks shipped close to 100 exabytes of capacity this quarter, what is the total available capacity that you have right now? And what triggered the decision to potentially add more capacity down the road? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, Amit. It's been a remarkable journey, I think over the last year and a half, two years because the demand was so low relative to the supply that we had, that the industry had and we all took, I think, some supply offline, and we started this build-to-order in earnest at least nine-months ago, telling people that, hey, in order for us to actually trigger the builds, we're going to -- we need some predictability out of the business and we're quite happy with how that's proceeded. What's different in the next nine -- in the last 90 days is that the demand really is coming back. And so when we see the exabyte growth last quarter being outstripped by the revenue growth and then we see even more exabyte growth now, then we're fairly optimistic about it. We are still not full though to your point. We still have underutilization charges, if you will, costs, and we also have factory capacity that's not fully utilized yet. So we're going to stick to the plan I think. The main point for us is we don't want to overbuild or build product based on speculation. We really want predictability long-term financial health and so on. We're happy with the improvements that have been made, but we're not quite there yet, and so we'll continue to drive this.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, let me add on the underutilization charges, we said in the prepared remarks we do not expect underutilization charges in the fiscal year '25, so fairly soon we will not have that additional cost.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: The next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. I know, Gianluca, you just kind of highlighted the underutilization costs, but I guess as we think about the model and you think about the recovery that you're seeing, I'm curious if we adjust for underutilization, it looks to me like you're guiding maybe a 70 basis point, again ex-underutilization gross margin expansion this quarter at the midpoint of the guidance. How would you characterize the company's ability to price up in this environment, especially looking at the results, it looks like your mass capacity dollar per terabyte was up about 5% sequentially. Where are you at in that journey and how much more do you think pricing could turn favorably for the company? And really what I'm getting at is the continued driver from pricing to gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Well, I would say in the last several quarters, now we had some success in improving our pricing and we are continuing to do that, so part of this increase in gross margin that you are estimating for the June quarter is, of course coming from pricing. As you know, we are -- in the March quarter, we were very high in mix for the mass capacity, then when we go through the rest of the calendar year, you have other parts of the business that will grow. So the mix will not be maybe as good as we had in March, but pricing is going up, and our cost, of course, is always trending in the right direction. Of course, we have a ramp of new products, but overall, we are very happy with the pricing action and where the mix is today. So we see further improvement through the calendar year.
Operator: The next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Dave, if I could just go back to the qualification, any color you can share on the differences between these two qualifications at your CSP and non-CSP customer? And is there a meaningful difference in the product itself between the CSP and non-CSP customer? And if I could for Gianluca, with this Broadcom deal that you also announced, how should we think about both the OpEx trajectory and would this impact your gross margins, so should we expect your gross margins to go down because of this slightly and then OpEx also to go down, or what the dynamics -- what dynamic should we expect? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. To your first question, there's no significant difference in the hardware. The qualification for cloud versus non-cloud, it's not usually that much different. There can be some software features depending on which cloud service provider you're talking about, that complicates the qualification and especially different customers, whether it's cloud or non-cloud, might be going through other types of architectural transitions at the time, so we have to make sure we get that right. But by and large, it's the same drive. I think that was your question.
Wamsi Mohan: Right, yes.
Gianluca Romano: So on the financial impact for the transaction with Broadcom, the major difference will be in OpEx where we expect a decline of about $40 million for fiscal '25. Now, we have a very good collaboration with our partner, so we don't expect basically any other change from the -- from operations. So it's mainly a reduction in OpEx due to the transfer of asset and people to our partner.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, got it. Thank you so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a question for Dave or Gianluca. A two-part HAMR question. Dave, you mentioned you might ship a few hundred thousand units of HAMR this quarter, kind of curious how to think about the HAMR unit shipment in the second half of this year or exiting 2024, how many units do you think you can ship? And just as a follow-up to that is, you mentioned about the gross margin exceeding the range longer-term, I'm kind of curious, as HAMR drives become more mainstream, say, a couple of years from now, do you think your gross margin can be over 40%? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks. We will continue to ship aggressively and go through the HAMR transition largely because we think it provides better value to our customers. Higher and higher capacity points, and then ultimately over time it allows us to get components out of the chain, which saves cost against these platforms as well. I mean, we're in an interesting position right now because, say, six months ago, I think supply was ahead of demand and now supply is lagging demand, some of that's just lead times on the product. So, balancing all these things is very important, I think, in today's market, but we're still going to drive very aggressively through the transition and we do believe that this is the way to get more margin into our business as well. So I won't go into specific numbers as we qualify customers, because right now, customers are seeking any kind of product that we can actually make, which then we may actually turn -- our turnover to some products that are already qualified versus prior plans we were driving, but I view that as a good thing because now we actually have demand that's helping our factories that's getting us focused and so I'm very optimistic about that. But -- so just we all are very clear, we're going to continue to drive the transitions very aggressively.
Gianluca Romano: On the gross margin trajectory, we said before, we expect to be at 30% or higher during this calendar year. And as you know, there is only a part of the ramp of HAMR. So for sure, when we move higher-volume of HAMR, we expect to be now in the high part of the range or even higher, we will see as a point in that point of the ramp. But, yes, even without HAMR we can be into the 30% to 33% range that we discussed as our target in the past.
Krish Sankar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. Dave, I was wondering if there's any more color you can provide on your experience with talking to customers about build-to-order plans for, say, the next 12, 24 months. I mean, it sounds to me like you have accelerating demand on the cloud side, Legacy, and VIA sort of recovering on a seasonal type of basis, and then you have channel partners that are going to need inventory in order to help even things out. So how are you balancing all that? What is going to be different do you think that we should consider if we're looking out over the next few quarters with how you're going to be doing business? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Steven, I think it's a really good question because I think it goes back to what we've just been through -- living through this downturn, one of the key lessons was just the sheer amount of supply chain inertia that we had can create problems when the demand stops so quickly, and so we need to be a lot more diligent. I mean, we can't have volume shipments -- exabyte volume shipments that where the revenues far under-running the exabytes. And I think part of the -- part of what we can control is control the builds and make sure we don't overbuild and make sure we're not trying to push stuff into the market, especially when the market’s soft. Now that it's a little bit stronger, exactly to your point, which is a nice trend in the last 90 days that we're really encouraged about, then we can go back and say, okay, which ones will we actually build more for and we're having those conversations with the customers. But again, we want to come back to predictability as the overarching objective here and we'll also reward customers who give us that predictability with the best financial outcome for themselves as well. So having those negotiations is giving us pretty good visibility into what's coming over the next three or four quarters, and I'm happy with that.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I wanted to ask about this million HAMR unit that you had guided for the first half of the year, mostly was going to be 30 key drives. So you're going to make up, it sounds like 700,000, 800,000 drives with other stuff beyond HAMR, but I had kind of two questions. One, you probably have to rework some of the HAMR WIPs, so that would be a negative, but it did seem like HAMR was going to be dilutive initially. So is that all kind of a net positive [trade] (ph) for June quarter gross margin? And then because you gave us this -- sorry, go ahead.
Dave Mosley: No, you go ahead and finish your question, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Yeah, so I just was going to ask, since you gave us that million unit number, I'm curious if you can give us some indication of what you think units will be in the back half of the year for HAMR? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, there's two aspects of this. One is the completion of the time -- the timing of the qualification and then the other is the total amount of material. And remember, we said we have other sources for the particular component, so we don't have to segregate the entire WIP. There's parts of the WIP that are still moving, right? But I think the timing of the qualification is really the issue there. We're not going to get into how many we're forecasting for the back half of the year because a lot of that will depend on specifics of demand from customers and when the rest of the qualifications time-out. But from my perspective, once we get that material segregated, yeah, is there some rework or scrap to do? Yeah, but I think we can take that. And keep in mind that all of these products are common with one another. So we have homes for other product -- other materials if we want to. It's -- it can be pivoted from the [24 -- 28] (ph) family up to the Mozaic family as well. So I think we have a lot of flexibility there.
Gianluca Romano: And just a clarification, Tim, on the HAMR gross margin, we never said that HAMR was dilutive to gross margin. We said that HAMR gross margin will for sure improve in the second part of the ramp or the first part of the ramp as, of course, a little bit more cost, but we never said it was dilutive to our overall gross lines.
Timothy Arcuri: Right. Okay. Thank you, Gianluca.
Operator: The next question is from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yeah, thank you. I wanted to get a better understanding of the demand impact of both the ramp of 28-terabyte SMR and the simultaneous ramp of 32-terabyteb HAMR, which might be 34, 35-terabyte SMR. I'm curious whether you see that as perhaps somewhat catalystic to your early deployments of HAMR. If you could just discuss that, that would be great. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, Karl. Different customers have different requirements and different feature sets, how they use the drive, and so I don't think there's a one-to-one swap. I mean, the good news for us is we have a lot of commonality and so we can react fairly quickly as to whether more people want one family or the other. But we're working with a lot of people on, as I said in the prepared remarks, on two different qualifications at the same time. And as far as I'm concerned, the qualifications are going well. We're staying very communicative with the customers. And against a demand environment that's improving, I think we -- that's why they should value our predictability even more as we show them what we have and what we're willing to build.
Operator: The next question is from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just one on gross margin. In the past when you had dynamics similar to these demand ramp and price increases, and then Dave, supply demand tightness, there's typically been a quarter or so where you can get pretty pronounced step-ups in gross margin. And just wondering if there is anything that will preclude this cycle at some point from having the same type of dynamics. And then just to sort of sneak one in there real quick. Gianluca, any updated metrics -- you've given metrics in the past about revenue to gross margin, kind of scale ratios, do those still hold the ones that you've been given -- giving or does the pricing dynamics here change that at all? Thanks, guys.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Ananda. I'll let Gianluca answer his part, but I guess what I'd say, at a very high level is that we're going to continue to push aggressively through product transitions because we think that's the best way to continue to add value to our customers and margin for ourselves. Some of the margin uplift that we're seeing right now is obviously because of the factories being -- they're filling up, they're not completely full yet, but they're filling up and that's a good sign.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, on the trajectory, especially of the gross margin, but with the business in general, every cycle is a bit different. We are saying today we see a good recovery from the cloud part of the business. Of course, it's not all the business increasing at the same way. So we still need to wait for other segments to start having the same kind of recovery before we can see a strong upcycle. But, no, we are very positive. We said earlier, we see that gross margin improving quarter-over-quarter and to be in the target range during this calendar year. I would say, every quarter, we have a little bit better pricing, little bit better cost. So the opportunity for us to achieve that target range at even lower level of revenue is for sure a reality.
Ananda Baruah: Cool. That's super helpful. Thanks, guys.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Ananda.
Operator: The next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, a couple of follow-ups from me. I was under impression that for most of your components you have gone in-source, so what is it with HAMR that has made you rely on external vendors and how is -- how you're switching these vendors? And one follow-up for Dave. What is your most updated exabyte -- overall exabyte growth looking forward as the cycle gains momentum? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Thanks, Mehdi. For our critical components, we are largely in-sourced, but again these -- this is a mechanical piece part that is not something that we make ourselves, it's something that we source from the outside and it's very common in all product families, so just for that clarification. And, Gianluca, you want to take the second part?
Gianluca Romano: No, I was just thinking about the components, but there are many components that we source externally, actually now the Ads and media, of course, we produce internally. Those are the most critical components, but there are many other components that we get from external suppliers. And on that particular component, we have multiple sources, so we can switch from one to the other.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, and then on exabyte growth, Mehdi, I think it's a good question because we come out of negative and we know that that's not real. The negative was the first time in the history of the industry that we've ever seen something like that. So I do expect things to start expanding. And the -- we get into this discussion about whether we like 35% or 25%, we back down to 25%, maybe near-term we're going to see something a little bit more expansive. It's still early in this demand cycle, but we're fairly encouraged by what we're seeing. And I think also our ability to go answer that with these new products, which provide more exabytes may actually drive even more exabyte expansion. The key point right now is we want to make sure that we reestablish the financial predictability of our industry because the industry has been so damaged of late, I think as we grow back, we have to make sure we're not giving this stuff away that we're doing it in a way that's very measured, and the only way we can do that right now and it's the only way that makes any financial sense too is to make sure we control supply very tightly.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I know you talked about the qualification just being a three-month delay in qualifications elsewhere on track, but if things do push out a bit, how do you, I guess, expect to maybe impact your planned utilization elsewhere, your thoughts around pricing and mix, and what kind of impact could that have? I would think positively on gross margin in the back half, would love your thoughts there.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, C.J. The interesting thing is, as demand comes back, we have much more flexibility than we did, say, six months or a year ago. We've -- we in this build-to-order process, we've basically told people what we're going to build and then they've said, okay, I understand the economics, as more demand comes, we can now have a new discussion with them and say, which product is qualified, which one do you want to hurry up and qualify, and so I think we have a lot of options there. I mean, we've been focused on operating profit and free cash flow and we're finally back in double-digits on operating profit and ROAC is finally turning back up. So all of this is just reinforcing the strategy to keep running the business for long-term predictability. This build-to-order thing is working and I think we're going to stay on it.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Dave, in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about AI. I realize you don't have perfect visibility into what's driving customer demand, but I'm curious based on your conversations with your customers, to what extent is AI having impact on your business? I know it's nascent, but if you can comment on that, that would be great. And then related to that, I was hoping you could opine on your ability and the broader ACD industry's ability to compete with Flash in AI. I think based on recent conversations, some of the concerns that investors seem to have is that hard disk drives, you're very cost-competitive, but when you take into consideration things like read-write capability, space, and power consumption, it might be a little bit more competitive vis-a-vis what you're shipping today. So curious if you can -- if you can opine on that. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Toshiya. So, yeah, AI is a big question and I know it's confusing for a lot of people because there's so much marketing around it. I do think that the cloud service providers, even the enterprise OEM customers that we have, they have many different types of applications, and some of those application spaces continue to grow. Some of those applications are being dramatically transformed right now by the new compute capabilities that people have and so on. And what I would say in general, is that there are applications that are definitely, I'll call it, cold storage, colder storage, or big data applications that are coming, video applications, for example, that we are very encouraged by, and we are seeing purchase orders now from cloud service providers and so on that actually say AI on them, which is -- it wasn't true six-months ago, but given all the creativity in this application space, I'm really excited about it. I think there's a lot of opportunity there for us. Relative to our ability to kind of pivot for where we need to go, I think we're going to keep driving mass capacity for sure. We are working a little bit on performance in our tiers, and then Flash, I'm going to say, I usually don't opine on this very much, but I don't have very much bad to say about Flash. I think it's a great technology. I think it's going to be critical for Flash to execute in their layers to enable their application. Some of those applications may have nothing to do with mass capacity, but this idea of mass capacity being in conflict with Flash, I don't think is right. I don't think that's the way architects think about it in data centers. I don't think that's -- that economically it makes sense. And even when you get into things like power and space, I think hard drives are going to stay very, very competitive on the workloads that they that they offer. So, my -- from my perspective, look the new application space is exploding is a good, good thing and it should benefit a lot of hardware providers over time. We've all been through a pretty rough patch of late and we've got to make sure that we watch our supply into it because we can't tolerate another dramatic downturn like we just saw. So we've got to be very careful.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O’Malley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to understand the ramp with your largest customer in HAMR. You talked about this subcomponent and you were replacing that subcomponent, is that -- you're saying multiple vendors are getting qualified at the same time, so if you look at what a step back traditionally takes in terms of having a customer qualify a product, is that several weeks? Is that several months? I guess, what gives you the confidence that with this effect that you'll be able to not only qualify but then ship these drives within the quarter? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, so Tom, we already said that there's multiple sources for this, and so we segregate the parts that were affected and then we push the other ones on their merry way. We've already repopulated those test beds that are running well, so that's why we have confidence.
Thomas O’Malley: Okay. So in the future, you will just not use that supplier anymore or you would just rely more heavily on the others?
Dave Mosley: No, no, no, I wouldn't say it like that. I mean, we'll go work with everybody. Everybody has got a tough challenge. They have issues and we'll go work with them, yeah.
Thomas O’Malley: Helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gary. As you heard today, Seagate is well-positioned to drive improved financial performance in a recovering demand environment through ongoing operating discipline, keen focus on supply-demand balance, which is a big deal, and ramping our latest CMR, SMR, and HAMR-based products. I'm confident in our product strategy. I think it's serving us well, and in our HAMR technology, which positions Seagate well to capitalize on long-term demand for cost-effective mass capacity storage. I'd just close by thanking our stakeholders for their ongoing support. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and the detailed supplemental information for our December quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We have not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on the information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found in the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. I'll now turn the call over to Dave for his opening remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye and hello, everyone. I am going to focus on 2 key topics in my remarks today. First, we delivered solid fiscal second quarter results with revenue at the midpoint of our guidance and non-GAAP earnings of $0.12 per share, exceeding the upper end of our guided range. And second, last week, we marked a major inflection point in mass capacity storage with the launch of our ground-breaking Mozaic platform. Mozaic is intentionally named to describe the fusion of innovative technologies including Seagate's unique implementation of HAMR that collectively enable us to extend our areal density leadership. As we shared in the past, growing areal density is the most efficient way to enable data center operators to scale mass capacity storage to lower their TCO and to advance their sustainability targets. I'll discuss the platform in more detail shortly and also share progress towards qualification and volume ramp of our first HAMR-based Mozaic product which lays the foundation for products boasting 5 terabytes per disc and beyond. Let me start by highlighting our fiscal Q2 performance. Revenue of $1.56 billion was led by sequentially improving cloud nearline demand and a seasonal uptick in consumer drives, offset partially by the decline in VIA sales that we anticipated. Strong cost discipline and execution on pricing adjustments resulted in non-GAAP operating income tripling quarter-over-quarter and increasing roughly 17% year-over-year despite lower revenue levels. These performance and demand trends affirm our expectation for the September quarter to be the bottom of this prolonged down cycle. The enhanced discipline we've built into the business, including strict cost controls, management of supply and the strengthening of our balance sheet gives us an excellent foundation to build on as we move into a broader recovery. Additionally, execution of our product roadmap is expected to structurally improve profitability and return us to our targeted financial model which supports healthier industry economics. We enter calendar 2024 with increased confidence in our non-GAAP gross margin trajectory, including our ability to reclaim 30% minimum benchmark level at quarterly revenues that are at least 20% below our prior cyclical peak. From a demand standpoint, gradual recovery within the U.S. cloud market has started to take shape, reflecting solid progress in consuming excess inventory, along with more stable end market behavior. Enterprise OEM demand trends have also stabilized within the U.S. markets. Customer feedback still points to macro-related concerns, although IT hardware budgets are projected to modestly improve in calendar 2024 and traditional server growth is expected to resume, trends that support incremental HDD demand growth in the calendar year. We were also encouraged to see incremental demand among certain non-U.S. cloud and enterprise customers in the December quarter. Across the broader China markets, we project a relatively slower pace of recovery given the ongoing economic challenges within the region. However, some local governments announced further steps to support the region's economy which our customers believe will bolster local demand across mass capacity markets in China in the second half of the calendar year. These efforts support our view for demand in the VIA markets to pick up sometime after the Lunar New Year. Against the dynamic market environment, Seagate has continued to execute on a mass capacity product portfolio that further advances our technology leadership and serves the breadth of our customers' unique workload requirements while also supporting our objective of improving profitability. I'll outline the execution path for our latest product launches and the relevance of the new platform and then share how we believe our mass capacity solutions deliver economic value both to our customers and to Seagate. Our product qualification and ramp plans are on track with what we've been articulating over the past several quarters. We began shipping initial volumes of our 24 terabyte PMR, 28-terabyte SMR drives in the December quarter. Customer reception has been positive, as illustrated by the numerous active qualifications underway across multiple cloud and enterprise customers. Our 3-plus terabyte per disk product is the first major release of the HAMR-based Mozaic platform and we are rapidly nearing qual completion with our initial hyperscale launch partner. The qual has gone very well and we are working with this customer at their request to fully transition future Seagate demand to the 3-plus terabyte per disk platform. Volume ramp is starting in the March quarter according to plan with a goal to ship about 1 million units in the first half of this calendar year. We then expect to continue to ramp through the balance of the calendar year and we are currently broadening our customer engagements. Based on their planned timelines we expect to complete qualifications with a majority of U.S. hyperscalers and a couple of global cloud customers during calendar 2024. Starting at 3 terabytes per disk, Mozaic delivers a quantum leap forward in areal density innovation with a well-defined path that extends to 5 terabytes per disc and beyond. This transformative platform is the culmination of decades of development and numerous technologies pioneered by Seagate, including our Super lattice platinum alloy media that enables higher bit density. The revolutionary plasmonic writer with integrated laser capable of reliably writing each bit and an advanced reader technology that boast one of the world's smallest reading sensors. While Mozaic represents ground-breaking technology, the platform is fully plug-and-play with existing conventional drives and addresses the breadth of our customers' mass capacity workloads. These drives can also be deployed with SMR technologies for the few customers able to integrate SMR to take advantage of the additional capacity gains. As I noted earlier, areal density gains are the most efficient way to scale storage capacity. Let me offer a few clear examples. First, as we execute our product road map we can deliver increasingly higher capacity drives with minimal changes to the bill-of-materials. This results in a better TCO value proposition for our customers and attractive economics for Seagate. Second, as we scale areal density to 4 terabytes per disk, this enables extremely cost-effective product offerings in the low to midrange capacity points used by a majority of our enterprise VIA NAS customers. With 4 terabytes per disk, we use half the number of heads and disks to produce a 20-terabyte drive. Prototypes are already working in our labs with revenue planned for the second half of calendar 2025. As we ramp production to expand to other end markets, we gained tremendous manufacturing efficiencies, adding to the attractive margin opportunities that I just described. We continue to build on our technology and operational innovations with each successive product generation. For example, we are executing plans to vertically integrate the laser manufacturing process which enhances supply flexibility, provides greater control of the technology and provides opportunities to lower production costs. Collectively, we believe these actions underpin our mass capacity cost reduction road map while also providing a very strong TCO story for a broad range of customers. While TCO remains a key driver for mass capacity storage, data center operators are also focused on power and space consumption, particularly as investments in compute-intensive infrastructure proliferates to support generative AI applications. For context, the latest AI GPUs consume up to 700 watts which is roughly 100x more power intensive than a hard drive operating at maximum performance. Our products can help data center operators store more exabytes using less power and space. To quantify this, a single 32-terabyte Mozaic drive can replace three 10 terabyte drives storing more capacity at 1/3 of the power and footprint. TCO and sustainability gains of this magnitude are decision altering when architecting a new data center and offer a highly economical path to modernizing existing infrastructure. We believe that this dynamic can potentially accelerate the replacement cycle. As we move into the early stages of demand recovery, Seagate's strong focus on maintaining our product and technology roadmap through this past down cycle position us to return to profitable growth and address data center operators most important challenges: cost, power and space. We believe we've got the right product at the right time, heading into a gradual recovering mass capacity market. With that, Gianluca will now cover details on our financial performance and outlook.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate's December quarter financial results reflect solid operational execution. Revenue was $1.56 billion, up 7% quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP operating income more than tripled sequentially to $127 million, leading to non-GAAP operating margin expanding to 8.2% of revenue up 540 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And non-GAAP EPS was $0.12, improving $0.34 sequentially and exceeding the high end of our original guidance range, reflecting both improving demand trends and our focus on profitability. As these trends continue, we expect our results to improve and reach the target financial model over time. Within our hard disk drive business, exabyte shipments grew 6% sequentially to 95, with revenue growing 7% to $1.4 billion. Revenue performance was mainly driven by an expected improvement in cloud customer demand, along with seasonal improvement in the consumer market. Within the mass capacity market, revenue increased 4% sequentially to $1.1 billion, driven mainly by strong nearline cloud demand, offsetting the expected decline in the VIA market. Mass capacity shipments totaled 83 exabytes compared with 79 exabytes in the September quarter. Mass capacity shipments as a percent of total HDD exabyte was 87% which is comparable to the prior quarter 88%. For nearline products, shipment of 65 exabytes were up quarter-over-quarter from 56 exabytes. Average capacity per nearline drive continue to increase sequentially, reflecting modest demand improvement among both U.S. cloud customer and China cloud customers. We believe that inventory among many CSP customers is reaching more normalized levels and anticipate continued nearline demand improvement in the March quarter and beyond. VIA market revenue was down sequentially in the December quarter, consistent with our expectations. Looking ahead, we expect VIA to reflect more typical seasonal patterns through calendar 2024, with the March quarter representing the low point. Legacy product revenue was $324 million, up from $278 million in the prior quarter, driven by higher seasonal demand in the consumer market. We expect the legacy market to be sequentially lower in the March quarter following typical consumer demand trends post-holiday season. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business increased to $171 million compared with $159 million last quarter, primarily driven by improved SSD demand. Moving on to the rest of the income statement. Non-GAAP gross profit increased sequentially by roughly $80 million in the December quarter to $367 million, ahead of our original expectations. Non-GAAP gross margin of 23.6% expanded nearly 400 basis points compared to the previous quarter, due in part to pricing adjustment and cost savings from earlier restructuring activities as well as lower amortization costs which were about $40 million consistent with our view for ongoing demand recovery. However, we expect underutilization cost to marginally increase for the next couple of quarters as we transition some of our production line to Mozaic. Accounting for this headwind, we still expect to see margin expansion every quarter –[Indiscernible] 2024 as nearline demand continues to improve gradually and we ramp our latest products along with continued execution of price adjustment across the entire portfolio. Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $240 million, down from $248 million in the September quarter and reflecting ongoing spending optimization. With the benefit of diligent expense management and higher margins, adjusted EBITDA improved more than 50% sequentially to $216 million. Non-GAAP net income turned positive in the December quarter, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.12 per share based on diluted share count of approximately 211 million shares and tax expense of $17 million. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet. In the December quarter, we had inventory flat at just below $1.1 billion. Capital expenditure were also flat sequentially at $70 million. A majority of planned capital expenditure were completed in the first half of fiscal '24. Consistent with prior commentary, we still expect fiscal '24 CapEx to be down significantly compared with fiscal '23, also still sufficient to support our innovation-driven product roadmap. We generated about $100 million in free cash flow and returned $146 million to shareholders through the quarterly dividend exiting the quarter with 210 million shares outstanding. We closed the December quarter with $2.3 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolving credit facility. Our debt balance was $5.7 billion at the end of December quarter, with more than 90% of our long-term debt obligation beyond 3 years. Non-GAAP interest expense were flat quarter-over-quarter at $84 million and we project similar expense levels in the March quarter. Turning to our outlook. We expect incremental improvements in mass capacity demand from both cloud and enterprise customers to more than offset seasonal related decline in VIA and the legacy markets. With [Indiscernible] context, March quarter revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.65 billion, plus or minus $150 million,. an increase of 6% sequentially at the midpoint. We are planning for non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $260 million as our temporary pay reduction ended late in the December quarter. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand to the low double-digit percentage range including underutilization cost of approximately $50 million. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $0.25 plus or minus $0.20 based on a diluted share count of approximately 212 million shares and a non-GAAP tax expense of $27 million. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Heading into calendar 2024, we have increased confidence in a gradual nearline demand recovery that coincides with the launch of Mozaic. We believe this platform delivers sustainable areal density leadership with compelling TCO advantages, enabling data center operators to satisfy their increasing workload demands while conserving both power and space. This combination of capabilities is significant and our timing is fortuitous. We've navigated the last 7 quarters with discipline and focus while maintaining our product and technology execution plans. As a result, we emerge well positioned to drive optimized financial performance to support our capital return commitments and return to our targeted profitability levels over time. Our strong execution is only possible through the tremendous efforts of our global team and I would like to thank them for their resiliency and dedication through this dynamic period. I would also like to thank our suppliers, customers and shareholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Dave, you alluded to the progress that you've made on Mozaic. -- Given what you know now, how would you characterize the outlook for maybe HAMR units in the second half of '24 or perhaps into '25? And I think you mentioned your first customer looking to transition to 3 terabyte HAMR. What kind of exabyte installed base opportunity is that? And maybe you could address it even more broadly across hyperscalers. That would be very helpful.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. So we were very quantitative and prescriptive on the last call about the front half of this year. I think we won't be as much on the back half of this year but the ramp is continuing on at a healthy pace. And we're continuing to look at all what customers need on the last generation platform, next-generation platform, trying to balance supply and demand really well [indiscernible]. I think that's the primary metric that we're focused on, make sure we get financial predictability. We'll drive the HAMR transition aggressively this year. And then Mozaic really gets into when we get to 4 terabytes of flatter [ph] and how are we populating that chain. I mean we expect to drive as many HAMR exabytes into 2025 as we can. So we're off to a good start, I think and we're going up the ramp and trying to work the yields and get everybody qualified like we talked about. Nothing really changed in the last 90 days, I would say, problems are tough problems but the team is knocking them down. So I'm pretty happy with that.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Gianluca and maybe could you help us just think about the margin ramp? I think you noted some headwinds that will continue from underutilization charges but you're also expecting the margins to increase all through calendar '24. Could you maybe also help us think through in that margin commentary, how -- what the margin differential is between HAMR and CMR mass capacity drives and how that might change over time?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, good question. Well, first of all, our December quarter showed a good improvement in profitability. Our gross margin was up about 4%. Operating margin was up more than 5%, so I'll say this profitability recovery already started. Part of that is, of course, coming from a cost actions that we have taken in the last almost 2 years. And of course, the mix improvement and of course, the pricing action also that we have taken in the last several quarters. So this will continue to be reflected also in the future quarters. Mix [ph] will continue to go through more mass capacity volume and those cost actions are, of course, continuing to be very effective. In terms of the underutilization defend a little bit what we ramped during the quarter. In the December quarter, we -- bit more of the wafers but of course, has high cost in our manufacturing to get ready for the achievement of the current quarter and next quarter in terms of HAMR. And then now we can mediate use it to be the wafer and trend more on the media and, of course, having more driving the final test. So depending on the base of the mix inside our production. So. we said underutilization charges could be slightly higher, a little bit higher but not very much higher which is a little bit higher. So I expect that for the next few quarters to see mix going in the right direction, meaning more high capacity drive and starting to see the impact from some volume of HAMR. So March will not be particularly high volume but we will have more in June. And as Dave said, we will have even more into the second part of the calendar year. With the business improving, demand improving, we go into possibly higher revenue and we are, of course, targeting to bring back our gross margin into the target range of 20% to 23% [ph], as we said in the prior quarter at a much lower level of revenue compared to the prior upside.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Dave, I was wondering if you could just double-click again on some of the dynamics behind the hyperscalers and where their inventory is. How long do you see any more pain or what their behavior is, what your conversations look like? And then again, how they're responding to any pricing actions and production changes that you've been making over the last -- relative to 90 days ago?
Dave Mosley: Yes. The dynamics for them is very interesting and it has affected us quite a bit over the last year or so I do think the inventory situation is much, much better than it was 6 months ago. So I'll say, it's basically cleaned up at this point. And it's going into the inventory changes going out and being consumed by the data centers again. So we're much happier with that. The rate of consumption isn't what it was 2 years ago. And but I do think it's going to accelerate a little bit. And this is where we get into the forecast numbers of what the CAGR is the exabyte CAGR. In 2020, we were in the high 50s and then we stayed in the 30s for 2021 and 2022. And then for the first time ever for the last year, 1.5 years, we've seen negative exabyte growth which doesn't make any sense. We're forecasting still in the mid-20s right now. And it may be a little bit higher as people get into some of these replacement cycles that we talked about. The interesting dynamic as I look back on the last 1.5 years was the push for AI and how it consumed a lot of compute dollars for the compute infrastructure that was going on in the data centers. And that's critical for most of our customers. They have been raised up to get as much compute memory for that compute online as they could to be able to handle all these AI applications everyone's talking about. I do think ultimately, there's a data back end piece of that. And then also, there's the fact that they were -- as they were prioritizing that, they were letting the drives that they had in the data centers just continue to run. So there's the replacement cycle for power and space and just overall cost benefits. We're all -- we're definitely having those conversations with our customers. And then factoring that into what exactly our volume plans are for the next 3 years and saying this is what we're intending to build. This is the economics that you could get it to -- and we've talked about this build to order before and I think we're getting a lot of good reception is. There's a lot of other supply chains that are actually managed this way by these people. So they understand it fairly well and they see the TCO benefits of the higher capacity drives, so they want to reach for that, plan it well and they'll get it. And we have to be careful, of course, because the factories have been so decimated by this downturn that we need to make sure that as we grow back, we go back in a smart way.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: I wanted to maybe just ask about the income statement, just the P&L trajectory from here. This guidance that you've given, looks like it's the first kind of sequential increase in OpEx that we've seen and I can appreciate improving fundamentals, et cetera. I'm just curious, how do we think about the pace of quarterly OpEx and maybe a normalized level of operating expenses looking out over a couple of quarters. And then kind of building off of that with free cash flow generation returning -- just remind us again how you think about the capital structure and possibility of coming back into the market in terms of share repo?
Gianluca Romano: Thank Alan. Well, in terms of OpEx, if you look, our trend has always been very positive in terms of OpEx control, cost control. Just a few quarters ago, we were at well above $300 million. So we went fairly low, especially in the last quarter, now at $240 million. As I said in the prepared remarks, we have little bit of higher costs expected in this quarter because we took some extraordinary action on salary that ended at the end of last quarter. So we have a little bit of higher labor cost. As usual, we will focus on OpEx control is still a very, very good number. And I think in the next few quarters, we will stay around this level of OpEx until next fiscal year, as you know, in the current fiscal year, we don't have any variable compensation overall in our COGS and OpEx but a big part is in OpEx. So I think this level is probably reasonable for fiscal Q3 and fiscal Q4. And then next fiscal year, probably a little bit higher cost in OpEx. Still, I think well below the $300 million, probably between $270 million to $80 million a quarter is probably a reasonable way to model it. Free cash flow, we had another positive free cash flow quarter. Of course, always very important for us to generate positive free cash flow. Revenue is increasing, profitability is increasing and therefore, we expect free cash flow also to improve sequentially through the next few quarters.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Eddie [ph] for Krish. Congrats on the HAMR launch. It's an exciting opportunity for you guys I have a question regarding the customer value you are providing with these 2 terabyte HAMR drives. Will customers be enjoying lower price for terabyte versus 22 and 24 terabytes CMR drives, for example, or because HAMR yields haven't matured yet, this benefit will be more about power and space and the lower price per terabyte to take place in the future.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Well, it's a good question. We will balance everything, of course, what our yields are and our costs are and the try to get the customers incentivized but there is some incentive business provided by their power and space reductions as well. We call that their TCO proposition. So all things in balance. I do think that the price per terabyte, if you will, is nominally the same. It may be just slightly lower but there's definitely going to be a TCO incentive for the customers to move off of the lower capacities and under guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great color. And if we just suppose the HAMR transition to the transition from LMR to PMR that took place back in 2006, 2008 you guys went from like 0% PMR mix to 100% within 5 to 6 scores. Do you think the HAMR transition will be as quick or you see some reasons why this trans may be a little bit slower transition from LMR to PMR but that?
Dave Mosley: Cycle times are a little bit longer now. So I don't think it will be as fast. I mean, I'd like it to be as fast and we'll continue to drive it as quick as we possibly can. The one thing I will say is that our last generation PMR product, if you will, the 2.4 terabytes [indiscernible] drive that we've just talked about has a remarkably similar kit of parts as the HAMR drives do. So relative to what we're making one versus the other, it's not a big deal and we can get through customer transitions easier. I think as we gain more confidence in a year over the 4-plus terabyte Mozaic platforms, then we'll definitely want to accelerate. Because by the time you get to say, 5-plus terabytes, then it's such a great replacement on every legacy product that you have that we want to drive the whole portfolio there because utilization is much better in the factories and the costs come way down.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O'Malley: I appreciate it. So I just wanted to understand the move from qualification to revenue recognition. It sounds like with your largest customer, you're finishing qualification right now and you're obviously pointing to some big units in the first half. You mentioned on the call that you're expecting calls with the majority of the U.S. cloud and a couple of others in calendar year '24. Would you expect a similar time frame between qualification and revenue recognition? Alike if those are getting qualified in the second half of this year, you could see revenue from a large number of additional customers. Just wanted to understand the timing.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Tom. It's complex. There are some customers that are relatively shorter qualifications and that -- some of that's because of feature set, making sure we get the feature set checked out. If they're on a generic feature set that we're already shipping versus their own unique feature set we have to -- we have to make sure we're doing all those things, right? That's normal in any near-line transition. And I will say that a lot of people are seeing the TCO benefits. So they're asking and trying to speed these qualifications through, right, because they want that benefit to flow through as well. We will also be limited on our ramp as to what we can do and the cycle times are quite long. So we're going to balance all these things together, if that helps you.
Thomas O'Malley: Yes, that's helpful. And then I just wanted to ask one on the margin side. So you guys have talked about 20% below peak but still getting back to that 30% gross margin target or at least at the low end. If you look at what you're saying for mass capacity growth for the industry, mid-20s if you just assigned that to kind of your revenue ramp over the next couple of years, it takes probably 1.5 years to kind of get to that $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion mark, just using like a linear growth rate. Is that the time frame we should be thinking about until you get back to that 30% to 32% gross margin? Or can you get there before? And what are the levers that get you there before revenue gets back to that $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Tom. Well, the major lever is HAMR, the more we ramp up HAMR, better will be the margin. So we are becoming more and more positive on, of course, the timing of that continuous improvement in our margin. I would say, we gave an indication last quarter in terms of the level of revenue. But we think we need to achieve in order to get a certain level of gross margin. That is probably I'm getting a little bit more optimistic right now. So probably we can do an even lower level of revenue. As you said before, qualification of customers is important but we are working hard on qualifying more and more customers. So assuming we can continue our ramp on him. Now I'm fairly positive we can do to alter than what you said and also at the lower level of revenue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman: Gianluca, it's encouraging to see an improving gross margin trajectory but it doesn't appear to be driven by price yet. Given our mass capacity suggests that price per terabyte did fall low single digits sequentially and year-over-year. Could you perhaps address whether we should expect previous actions to raise prices across the channel may occur over the next couple of quarters? I have a follow-up, please.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I would say, you can see the good improvement in our profitability. A good part of that is actually coming from pricing. Of course, you need to check into the like-for-like pricing. The mix has, of course, always a major impact on the average. We are very happy with what we are doing, both on pricing and on cost. This quarter show a fantastic improvement in profitability, both gross margin and operating margin. And if you look at our guidance, this imply another strong improvement in profitability. So Pricing is a good part of that. Mix is another part of that improvement. And we will continue to do exactly execute a strategy and we are really we are very glad with the outcome so far.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say, Karl, the raw demand is still not what it was 2 years ago. And so -- and we have a supply chain that's not entirely healthy yet. We have to go continue to work on those actions. But I do think over time, especially incentivizing transitions to newer mass capacity drives. And then if there's price raises, it tends to be more on legacy and to the extent that everyone is under the same strain throughout the entire ecosystem, this is the trend that we're seeing, I think we'll probably take advantage of it. My sense is that in the next year or 2, we'll get to the point where we get high enough of the ramp that we can be very predictable. And then I think things will stabilize quite a bit. But we're not at a place where the industry has enough demand relative to the capacity that has online yet.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Cassidy of Rosenblatt Securities.
Kevin Cassidy: Congratulations on the great results. You implemented a build-to-order program with your customers. Can you give an update on that? Is that still active? And how is it giving you visibility?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks very much. It is and it's transitioned from my last comments as well because the industry just at the levels that we're at, to build on my last comment is just can't fund the investment disease make an areal density and exabyte growth over time with the revenue and margins where it was and what helps us is to run factories is the improved visibility and the predictability towards that in demand. And so I think that's why the HDD industry has changed fairly dramatically through this cycle, the last 6 or 8 quarters because capacity did come at the same time that people were that demand was down. And the industry is, therefore, underinvested in capital and lead times are going up, as we've talked about before. So we need this build-to-order framework to just get back to a healthy industry. And we are rewarding predictability with our customers and we're incentivizing that predictability and where the people aren't predictable and they come in at the last minute for product that either we don't have it or they have to pay for our flexibility. I think that's the way we're thinking about it and then making sure that we stabilize the supply base as well because it's not just ourselves as the HDD supplier but we have numerous upstream supplies that need to be stabilized as well. So it's still going to take some time.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Great. And you mentioned vertical integration of your laser technology. Is that a cost savings? Or is it more controlling the supply chain?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think at this point, it's been a long time coming and we definitely value the suppliers that have helped us get HAMR products to market. We also feel like given how intricate this silicon photonic circuitry is, is that we needed our own capability to control but right now, it's more of a technology second sourcing, if you will. And so we're going to continue to run with a few sources. I think over time, there should be the opportunity to go drive the cost down and balance all things with multiple sources and the ability to control the investments that we make in capital, for example and things like that. But it's been a long time coming and part of the reason we're talking about it as part of Mozaic because it's very relevant as we get the 4-terabyte platter and 5 terabyte platter I think also there's been some noise out there in the industry about, well, as goes the ramp of that supplier so goes the Seagate ramp and that's clearly not true.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Brian Fox with Fox Advisors, LLC.
Steven Fox: Dave, I was just wondering if you could zoom out a little bit without putting any kind of time frame on it, to get to the 30% gross margins, it seems like you can almost get there from here on just the typical incremental margins from volumes. But based on everything you said, it doesn't seem that easy, especially early stage with HAMR versus later stage. So can you sort of walk through some of the puts and takes, say, over the next 2 to 3 quarters versus, say, when you hit that volume crossover where it becomes more smooth to get to the margin. It's just -- there's been a lot of comments around this. Maybe you could just sum it up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. And Gianluca can share some insights as well here. I think that First of all, we're ramping HAMR according to some prescriptive schedule. We can deploy it into certain mass capacity hyperscaler markets. We can also deploy it in other markets, depending on how we choose to do things so we can put it in VIA markets, for example, over time. And the rate at which we are able to transition and our yields and scrap and things like that, especially once we get to 4 terabytes per platter, then I think that becomes more and more accretive in margin. Fundamentally, though, I still think the demand picture actually is going to shape the next few quarters from a margin perspective. My sense is the demand has still not come anywhere close to where it was 2 years ago. We may see with the growth of data and with investments that people need to make in data around all these AI applications, we may see demand pick back up again and that will be the fundamental driver. Gianluca, go ahead.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. No, I said that before, I think the combination of stronger demand through the cycle and our very good products based on HAMR technology. will drive further improvement in gross margin, sequential improvement. Now I think we will have a sequential improvement through the entire kind of '24. And this is, of course, based on our view of the ramp of HAMR and also the recovery from the prior down cycle that we expect, especially in the mass capacity to continue through the entire kind of '24 and actually even kind of '25 in it.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. Just can you fill in one other blank which is back-end testing capacity? How does that sort of help hurt margins as this ramp happens?
Dave Mosley: Based on where we were from legacy products years ago on desktop and so on and even just the volumes we were at a couple of years ago, I think we have plenty of back in test capacity.
Steven Fox: But is it a longer test cycle though, is it minimal cycle for test cycle.
Dave Mosley: It is. It certainly is the bigger the drive, the longer the test cycle but we still have plenty of capacity to cover the demands at this level.
Operator: And our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Mia [ph] on for Tim. Just one for me. Now you don't report orders but perhaps you could give us some color on book-to-bill and just some idea of where orders are relative to revenues and where that -- how that book-to-bill has been trending and where you think that's going over the next couple of quarters, that would be helpful.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that does get into our build-to-order plans. We are definitely, like I said before, very prescriptive on what we're building for people 2, 3, 4 quarters out. And as long as we all stay on that plan, I think that's predictable economics for our customers as well. So it's going better and better every quarter. I think when we first launched this, there was questions that I was getting on these earnings calls about supply is so far below or sorry, since demand is so far below supply today, how can you do something like this but we need that predictability in order to run the supply chain and reward everyone upstream of the supply chain. So far, the progress has been fairly good and we're getting better visibility in the next quarter and beyond.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Dave, just on the enterprise hard disk drive side on the hardest asset, do you see, given the 25% exabyte growth and recovery on the TC side this year, do you expect those revenues to get back to that $2 billion run rate exiting '24, I guess, calendar '24?
Gianluca Romano: No, we don't guide after this quarter. So we just gave a good guidance for the March quarter in terms of revenue increase and profitability increase. And as we said, no, we are ramping here volume. We are seeing better demand environment. So we expect sequential improvement through the quarter but we don't give specific guidance on revenue for the end of the calendar year.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say that, obviously, we're watching near-line demand, CSP demand on-prem [ph] enterprise demand continuing to build strength but not nearly be as big as it was a couple of years ago but that's very good and we're being very careful building into it. The one point that you just raised which was the whole AI TPC [ph] demand which I think it's still very early innings in this but we do see opportunity there. high-end workstations, if you will, that are running AI applications may actually be an interesting opportunity.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then on the gross margin line, sorry to [indiscernible] that, look at -- do you see you guys getting back to that target window 33% exiting this year? And especially on the HAMR side, I think Dave mentioned you can do with 4 terabyte plus 5 disks or a 20-terabyte drive versus 7 to 10 disk now. What are the gross margins on HAMR versus where you see your corporate margins today, I guess.
Gianluca Romano: We know we said in the past amortized gross margin is, for sure, accretive to the corporation. So it's always above our average. Right now, as you know, there is no HAMR drive in our results. But now we see starting in the March quarter and you already see some improvement in our guidance. It will be I expect more when we go into the June quarter and through the rest of the calendar year. So we are positive on the profitability from that product. And we need to take our time to qualify big customers and then to start ramp because, as Dave said, we take a little bit of time to rent high-volume production for the new product.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Really appreciate it. I guess for Dave and Gianluca can jump in here, too. The hyperscalers are sort of having some conversation about data center redesign over the coming years, a lot of this is around GPU compute. But they are referring to it as data set reasons on more generally and Vale [ph]. And I guess would there -- if that occurs, do you have any opinion on if there would be incremental opportunity for near-line drive that would, I guess, substantively be like in addition to whatever data growth is going on. So I just wanted any thoughts on that in any context. And that's it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Ananda, it's a real complex topic. What I would say is that the compute infrastructure is changing dramatically and the memory architectures will change to support that computer architecture very dramatically as well. So there is a lot of redesign discussion going on. there are different types of applications and things that are being branded AI, there's stuff that's very focused on text or large language models. And then there's image recognition and video creation. And so there's a lot of different types of applications that propagating. And I think this is just normal application development that's been going on for years and years and years. But I do think there's different types of hardware. So I think there are some now AI data centers being discussed that are largely compute. I also think that some of these applications are spinning off a lot of data and they're requiring data to be stored for a certain period of time and then brought back up to the higher levels to be reprocessed. And so that's just normal data growth as well. So I think the net of it is there's a lot of architectural redesign going on, probably not affecting the tiers that we're in. If anything and we made reference to this in the prepared remarks, there's cost power and space or at a premium. There's many AI applications from what I'm hearing that there's just not enough power for and our infrastructure is going to be critical. But to the extent that you can do your part to buy transitioning to higher capacity drives that net-net gives you the same exabyte capacity with less power. I think that's a good thing. It may be an opportunity for us.
Ananda Baruah: So that would be in addition to like the 25% kind of data run rate driven -- that sort of power as a catalyst date?
Dave Mosley: It's hard to say. It depends on the bills and how much people are having to pay for it. Again, I think in the AI applications that are really exploding right now, power is going to become one of the limiting factors. And so to the extent that there may be a really good payoff in not only cost savings, space savings and so on but also just freeing up that power infrastructure to go to other things. I mean, that might actually help us get above the 25%.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Miller of the Benchmark Company.
Mark Miller: Congratulations on the launch of Mozaic. I'm just wondering, you mentioned it briefly. What kind of traction are you seeing from AI-related opportunities? And what do you -- how do you see that ramping throughout the year?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mark, me, I'm pretty cynical sometimes on these things and I'm looking for POs that actually say AI on them. And they are starting to happen but it's still fairly small. And again, I'll go back to my previous comments, these are really applications that have been developing on a lot of fronts over many years anyway. So say, for example, image recognition, whether it's at the edge or in the cloud, that application space has been developing over time quite a bit. When we get into specific things like large language models where people talk about, I think the data infrastructure impact piece is still secondary to the compute piece even at this point. So at some point, there will be compute enabling all these really cool applications and efficiencies that people and businesses like ours were taking advantage of and then the data will continue to grow on the back side of that but we're still early innings on that.
Mark Miller: So that's more 2025, you think?
Dave Mosley: For large language models. I'd say maybe. I don't know exactly.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Marco. Seagate is focused on executing our product road map, leveraging the advanced technologies in our Mozaic platform which we believe positions us well to enhance profitability over the near term and capture long-term opportunities for mass capacity storage. I'd like to close by once again thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September quarter results on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we’ll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K. We’ve not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they’re subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call up for questions. I’ll now hand the call over to Dave, for opening remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and welcome, everyone. Before I discuss our financial results, I want to acknowledge the situation taking place in the Middle East. Our thoughts are with all of the people in the region including our Seagate team members, their families, and loved ones. Moving on to our September quarter results, revenue came in at $1.45 billion, with non-GAAP loss per share of $0.22. Consistent with our recent public commentary, we experienced softer than anticipated demand in the legacy markets, while the ongoing cloud inventory correction and weak economic trends in China continued to restrain near-term demand for hard drives. Looking ahead, we expect the pace of economic recovery in China to be uneven. However, we are encouraged by the positive progress of U.S. cloud inventory consumption. Importantly, we continue to demonstrate financial discipline and strong execution on the priorities we outlined at the onset of this down cycle, namely to drive cash generation, strengthen our balance sheet and position the Company for enhanced profitability as the markets recover. We also continued to hit all key HAMR product development milestones, demonstrating our ability to drive significant areal density gains with this technology. These gains translate into lower storage costs on a per bit basis, enabling Seagate to offer a compelling TCO proposition for our customers while enhancing our future profitability. Qualification and revenue ramp plans for our 30 plus terabyte products remain fully on-track with high volume ramps starting early is a competitive differentiator and increasingly important in light of the green shoots that we're starting to see with respect to cloud demand trends. Within the mass capacity markets, we saw a modest uptick in demand for our high capacity Nearline products among U.S. cloud customers. We project incremental revenue growth from U.S. cloud customers again in the December quarter, and are encouraged by constructive customer dialogue regarding our transition to a build-to-order model, making us more confident on demand fundamentals entering calendar 2024. Additionally, industry analysis of cloud customer behavior suggests that their cost optimization efforts are nearing a conclusion, while enterprises continue migrating new workloads to the cloud. These include both core IT workloads as well as AI specific workloads. In addition to cost optimization efforts, spending priorities for CSPs have temporarily shifted towards AI-related infrastructure, which have further slowed the pace of demand recovery for mass capacity storage. While AI-related spending remains a near-term priority, several cloud customers have indicated that investments in traditional servers and other IT hardware will resume in the coming quarters. All of these trends bode well for HDD demand recovery in both the cloud and enterprise OEM markets. The same markets in China are lagging these early positive signals due to the regional economic conditions that I mentioned earlier. However, video and image applications were a notable exception reflecting demand both within China and globally. Public and private investments in smart city and smart security projects have been key demand drivers for the VIA market. While we believe these underlying demand trends remain intact over the long-term, the severe slowdown in China's property sector and broader global macro uncertainties are likely to temper demand over the next couple of quarters. Near-term conditions aside, we are optimistic about the VIA market given the increasing use of AI and deep data analytics that enhance the effectiveness of VIA systems. These systems are evolving from basic monitoring tools to more fulsome solutions incorporating advances like high definition AI cameras that offer more valuable insights and lead to longer data retention rates. These data intensive solutions are well suited for hard disk storage in terms of cost, capacity and performance. Looking back across our 45-year history, cost effective high capacity storage has been vital to the enterprise's ability to harness the benefits of every generational technology megatrend that we have experienced. From personal computing to the internet, mobile to big data, to the ongoing migration to the cloud, we anticipate the same will be true with the rise of AI and generative AI applications, which contributes to our long-term view for return to healthy exabyte growth. Seagate's mass capacity storage portfolio sets us up strongly with this growth backdrop. Last week, we announced our latest high capacity Nearline products boasting 2.4 terabytes per disk and leveraging our proven 10-disk platform to deliver capacity starting at 24 terabytes. We continue to offer customers the flexibility to deploy these drives as a conventional CMR drive or as a shingled SMR configuration based on their specific capacity and architectural needs. We are engaging with a number of cloud and enterprise customers on qualification, and expect volume shipments to begin in the first half of calendar ‘24. We also expect to begin aggressively ramping 3 terabyte per disk products based on HAMR technology in early calendar 2024. These drives deliver capacity starting at 30 terabytes and offer customers the same flexibility to adopt either CMR or SMR configurations, to further boost areal density into the mid-30 terabyte range. Initial customer qualifications are progressing very well, and we continue to hit our reliability and yield metrics. We are getting extremely positive customer feedback and we are broadening the number of customer qualifications as planned. We've been very thoughtful in building our product roadmap to stage HAMR technology, leveraging existing product design and process commonality where possible. For example, virtually all of the capital invested for the 20 plus terabyte PMR drives is compatible HAMR products. The 30 plus terabyte HAMR drives utilize many of the same components in electronics as our 20 plus terabyte products. They represent the fourth generation product using our 10-disk platform and the seventh generation that leverages glass substrates. These actions improve capital efficiency, reduce manufacturing complexity, ensure reliability, and hasten time to market. While many aspects of our product design are evolutionary in nature, HAMR revolutionizes areal density advancements. Through years of persistent research and development investment, innumerable design iterations and optimization cycles across all elements of the drive from mechanical and electrical designs to wafer processing and firmware, we have now reached the appropriate balance between areal density gains, cost optimization, and reliability to launch HAMR and volume. Our execution and cycles of learning have enabled us to continue strengthening our portfolio and we expect to launch products yielding 4 terabytes per disk in less than two years' time. Significantly differentiating Seagate and addressing the full spectrum of mass capacity demand. Architecturally speaking, in today's data driven business economy, mass capacity storage is a crucial tier. The HDD areal density advancements that we are delivering affirm and sustain the existing TCO advantages relative to NAND for mass capacity storage. Simply put, we offer customers mass data storage at less than one-fifth the cost of comparable NAND solutions on a per bit basis. We don't foresee that value gap closing over the next decade relative to data center architectures. In addition to optimizing costs, customers are intensely focused on conserving data center power and floor space. Customers can realize benefits across each of these objectives by upgrading their existing installed base of HDDs to higher capacity drives. The 30 plus terabyte HAMR drives currently in qualification are more than two times the capacity compared to the average installed base across large data centers. This HAMR based upgrade would more than double their existing storage costs in the same footprint or offer a 50% reduction in operating cost for the same storage capacity using about half the power and floor space. These are compelling savings for customers and offer valuable optionality to best monetize their storage assets, or reallocate floor space and power budgets for other uses, or even defer new data center build-outs to maximize their capital dollars. As we deliver these benefits to our customers, we are also focused on capturing the value of our product portfolio. As noted on our last call, we are continuing efforts to adjust price commensurate with that value, which ensures both a healthy industry supply chain and offers customers the opportunity for improved TCO over the long-term. We have already seen some benefit from this strategy which we anticipate will take a few quarters to implement more broadly across the end markets we serve. I’ll now hand the call over to Gianluca, for further details on the September quarter results and share our outlook.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate September quarter financial results were consistent with our revised expectations. We generated revenue of $1.45 billion and a non-GAAP loss of $0.22 per share. Despite a sequential decline in revenue, we expanded total company non-GAAP gross margin by about 30 basis points and HDD non-GAAP gross margin by more than 130 basis points, reflecting our focus on enhancing profitability. Within our hard disk drive business, revenue declined 6% sequentially to $1.3 billion, reflecting a modest improvement in mass capacity sales offset by steeper decline in the legacy market than we had originally expected. The mix shift toward higher capacity drives resulted in total HDD shipments of 90 exabytes, essentially flat with the prior quarter. Average capacity per drive increased 17% sequentially to roughly 7.5 terabytes per drive. Mass capacity revenue increased 3% sequentially to just over $1 billion, driven mainly by the anticipated improvement in the VIA market. Mass capacity shipments totaled 79 exabyte compared with 75 exabyte in the June quarter. The Mass capacity shipment as a percentage of total HDD exabyte were roughly 88%, up from 82% in the June quarter. For Nearline products, shipments of 56 exabyte were slightly up quarter-over-quarter. Average capacity per Nearline drive increased 12% sequentially as demand trends among U.S. cloud customers began to modestly improve. We believe that the industry continues to shift below end consumption and is making progress in reducing existing inventory at our cloud customers. As we mentioned last quarter, we anticipate that it will take at least through the end of the calendar year for inventory levels among CSP customers to rebalance and for demand to improve more broadly. Specific to the VIA market, revenue was up sequentially as expected in the September quarter. However, as Dave noted earlier, the uncertain economic environment in China seems unlikely to change in the near-term. As a result, we anticipate the VIA market will reflect an uneven pattern of recovery going forward. Legacy product revenue was $278 million, down 31% sequentially with lower demand in each of the three markets served mission critical, clients and consumer. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business decreased slightly more than anticipated to $159 million compared with $218 million last quarter. We reserved IT spending patterns in light of economic uncertainties remain a headwind to our enterprise system business, and we expect similar revenue levels in the December quarter. Moving to our operational performance, consistent with lower revenue levels in the September quarter non-GAAP gross profit decreased by $25 million to $288 million. Non-GAAP gross margin of 19.8% expanded slightly compared to the prior quarter. Pricing adjustment enacted during the quarter and cost saving from earlier restructuring activities more than mitigated the 9% decrease in revenue and increase in underutilization costs, which were approximately $59 million. We expect to see further margin benefit in future quarters, as we continue to execute price adjustment across the entire portfolio, and achieve [full utilization] (ph) of projected cost savings. I note that beginning with the September quarter, our results reflect a change in the estimated useful lives of certain capital equipment used in manufacturing. Our ability to increase the efficiency of our existing fixed adapted base has enabled us to extend the useful lives from a range of three to seven years to a range of three to ten years. This change reduced depreciation expense in the September quarter by approximately $9 million within cost of goods sold and is expected to increase by about $20 million in the December quarter. We reduced non-GAAP operating expenses to $248 million, down from $258 million in the June quarter. While we continue to actively manage all areas of spending, we do expect non-GAAP OpEx in the December quarter to be up slightly, as certain minor spending reduction measure begin to conclude. Moving into cash flow and the balance sheet, we are continuing to take actions to improve our debt profile and manage working capital to support positive free cash flow generation. September quarter, we reduced inventory by 8% sequentially to just under $1.1 billion. Capital expenditures were $70 million compared with $50 million in the prior quarter. For the fiscal year, we are still planning a significant reduction in CapEx spend, compared with fiscal '23 and expect spending will be more heavily weighted to the fourth half of the fiscal year. Free cash flow generation was $57 million, after giving effect to approximately $90 million of restructuring related payments that we had highlighted on our last earning calls. We used $145 million for the quarterly dividend and exited the quarter with 208 million shares outstanding. We closed the September quarter with $2.3 billion in available liquidity, including our undrawn revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we raised $1.5 billion in new capital through the issuance of convertible notes bearing a low interest rate of 3.5%. A portion of the proceeds were used to fund [capital co-transaction] (ph) that increased the effective convert price to nearly $108 per share, reducing potential future share dilution. The majority of the remaining proceeds were used to retire as outstanding balance on our term loans, which totaled approximately $1.3 billion. As a result of its debt restructuring actions, we expect to realize cash interest savings of about $15 million on an annual basis. Additionally, we renegotiated the terms of our credit agreement, and we support from our lender group with significantly relaxed the debt covenants through fiscal 2025. Accounting for all actions that I just described our debt balance was $5.7 billion at the end of the September quarter, up $215 million quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP interest expense was sequentially flat at $84 million and we expect similar expense levels in the December quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect mass capacity sales to move slightly higher in the December quarter. Supported by incremental demand for our Nearline products from both cloud and enterprise customers, offsetting softer sequential VIA demand. Within the legacy business, we are projecting higher seasonal demand, mainly from the consumer market, while non-HDD revenue is expected to be essentially flat. With better contact, we expect December quarter revenue to be in a range of $1.55 billion plus or minus 150 million. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the mid-single-digit percentage range, with underutilization cost expected to be relatively flat with the September quarter. We expect to narrow our non-GAAP loss per share to $0.10 plus or minus $0.20, based on a share count of approximately 210 million shares and a non-GAAP tax expense in the $15 million range. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. We are operating in a longer than typical cycle, and I'm very proud of our team's shared determination and resilience. We've continued to drive our financial, operational and innovation priorities, which is evident by the actions we've discussed today. We are focusing our tactical business decisions on free cash flow generation. We are strengthening our balance sheet through debt restructuring actions. And we are executing on our mass capacity product roadmap to address future data growth. Signs of recovery has started to emerge as we look past the end of calendar 2023 and as industry conditions improve Seagate is ready to capitalize. We are a stronger, more efficient company with a technology roadmap that extends our areal density leadership, positioning Seagate to deliver enhanced value, to our customers and shareholders. Thanks to all of our stakeholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Operator, lets open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Super. Thank you for taking my questions this morning, guys. So, Dave, I kind of want to take a step back. And if we go back to your prior Analyst Day, the expectation was that mass capacity exabyte shipped could grow at a 35% annual rate. Now the world is clearly different today both from a macro outlook and the emergence of AI as kind of a board level investment priority. So curious as we look forward, how are you thinking about kind of the long-term, three to five year rate at which mass capacity exabytes could grow? And, maybe help us think about the linearity of that. Could that strengthen over time? Is that relatively linear? Just any thoughts that you have kind of longer term on what mass capacity exabyte growth could be. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks for the question, Erik. Yes, we were coming off the back of a number that was almost 80% in one year. So to your point, back in the last Analyst Day, the 30, the mid-30s was feeling pretty good for us given all the data growth that we know is happening. And then we've gone through these current events. I'll say that we're all seeing. Look, to your point about linearity, I don't think it's a very linear function. I think there, it can be very choppy. Up one year down the next, it can be. As we look out three to five years now, I would temper that somewhat and say in the mid-20s is probably good modeling range. But we will see probably more growth from time-to-time. I do think that given the move of that happened in the middle of the pandemic of data into data centers for -- enterprise applications that were being run in data centers. I think that data is still going to grow in those data centers. So we're not at peak data center growth. And then you lather on top of all these new applications that will be, really sped up with features like AI and generative AI on top of them, I think that there's a, there's a big healthy demand growth coming. 25% would be healthy for any kind of CAGR that's going to go out for three to five years or a decade or something like that. So we think there's healthy demand growth, but I do think it will -- it won't be linear. There are both periods of, big growth and then there will be periods of digestion as well. We'll continue to see this as the economy flutters.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Dave, can you talk about, HAMR qualifications? How many customers are you expecting qualifications in the near term and maybe share a color on what you expect in aggregate, given what you know about the ramp in terms of you know, unit shipments maybe one, two years out. And if you could, maybe just comment on how this higher areal density shift might change the dollars per terabyte relative to current product. That'd be super helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Interesting. I can take a crack at that. So relative to qualification, we are prioritizing customers, not necessarily the easiest customers first, sometimes they can be more difficult challenging customers, but, we're staying very tight with customers, and we're trying to make sure that every of the initial drives that we build has a home. Make sure that we as we bring on more qualifications, like we talked about in our prepared remarks that we will make sure that we have the supply that's adequate for those because I do think there will be a strong demand. What we're showing customers right now exactly to your point on the value proposition is a projection for what their TCO benefits will be. Part of that's the acquisition cost of the drive itself. Part of it's the power and floor space improvements that they'll get as we model TCO with some of them. So I do think that there's going to be a big push for the higher capacities, just like there always has been in our industry. And I think this is going to be one of the biggest jump scenario density that we've done in the last five years. So the healthy growth is right ahead of us. We are filling the lines with -- the wafer lines with HAMR parts. And we expect to see volume shipments in the millions of drives next year, next calendar year. You know, it'll all time out based on when the qualifications are, but the parts are coming.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: The next question comes from Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thank you. It's great to see some green shoots in the US cloud market. Dave, last quarter, you talked about expecting cloud inventory to normalize in a couple quarters. Can you give us an update, about the timing there? But more importantly, are you getting indication that the rate of recovery is going to -- what kind of rate of recovery is going to like beyond the December quarter, especially given your efforts to increase visibility through, earlier collaboration or longer term collaboration with your customers. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Very good. Thanks. Yeah, I think as we are giving predictability on what products that we have in our pipeline, the customers are likewise giving more predictability on what they will need out there in time. So I would say if you look at two years ago, the demand was quite strong. And then we entered into this period about six quarters ago now where some customers were saying we really don't need very much and we're going to make allocations of what we've already got in our data centers last for another year or something like that. The entire industry has been suffering through that. It's very hard to run factories like that. And so that's why we gone out and said, okay, let's get predictable. What we're showing -- the numbers we're showing for customers right now in these long term forecast for, build to order are nothing compared to the volumes of where we were at two years ago. They're much smaller. But I think the customers are showing us predictability and then asking us for upside on top of that. So it gets into a really interesting discussion about what's the true demand. And exactly to your point, you know, I think it'll help us get through the back of this period. But then I think ultimately, we're not satisfying true demand when the -- because of the growth of data is still large. 25% CAGR is still very, very large. And so, we're trying to make sure that we start the parts that ultimately will get paid for and showing people exactly what we have in process for them. And they're trying desperately to show us a more predictable schedule that we can all manage better for better economics on both sides ourselves and our customers.
Sidney Ho: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Karl Ackerman of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. On HAMR, could you discuss the reliability metrics and perhaps power efficiency metrics relative to your existing SMR drives. I ask because at OCP last week, you know, it's clear that hyperscalers continue to prioritize those metrics as they introduce newer technology. And I guess as you address that question, could you also discuss maybe the number of customer engagements you have, with HAMR perhaps beyond the existing customer. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. As we said before, Karl, we're bringing on multiple customers right now. So we've already shipped qualification units out to multiple customers. I won't talk about them in particular. The HAMR reliability metrics will be identical to the reliability metrics of traditional drives. So there's really no change there, and there's no change in the power either. I mean, the people have pointed to the laser subsystem and things like that. Yeah, there’s some very small changes according to that, but we're also working power down in normal course on these products. I think one thing important to realize about the family is that the mechanical and electrical design points of the of the 2.4 terabyte per platter drive that we just announced are very similar to the 3 terabytes per drive, nodes or even beyond that, we should get into the mid 3 terabytes per disk drives. With those same parts. So same electronics, same mechanics. So there's really no change in power. There's no change in reliability expectations either.
Karl Ackerman: Super helpful. If I may sneak another one, just on your systems business, that has moderated roughly 40% the last two quarters. Just curious. I suppose why and kind of the outlook for that. And within that, how much of that is maybe softness in flash prices versus perhaps the core vault hard drive offering. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I don't really think flash has much to do with it. It's more, what I'll call on prem traditional enterprise applications. And thankfully, that space has not been as bad as we thought it was at the back of the year. It's not nearly as cyclical as what the cloud has been in this recent cycle. But it was down year over year. And I think it will recover over time as well because I think on prem enterprise should benefit from all the growth of data. And in many cases, you can't move the data off-site or into the cloud. It's just either too massive or you've got regulatory requirements or sovereignty requirements and you want to keep multiple copies anyway. So I do think on prem enterprise should have a good recovery at some point. And we're happy with the systems business and our penetration into multiple accounts on that front to recover when the on prem enterprise business does recover.
Operator: The next question comes from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to maybe just unpack the gross margin a little bit. Appreciating that you guys don't give a defined kind of guide on a forward basis. Could you help us understand kind of the impact of underutilization you expect going into the December quarter relative to the $59 million reported this last quarter. And how do we think about as maybe that starts to lift out of the model, kind of the glide path to back to that 30% level as HAMR starts ramping, etcetera. I'm just curious of how we think about or how you guys are thinking about the gross margin trajectory kind of the variables within that looking out over the next couple of quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Hey. Good morning, Aaron. Thank you for the question. Yes our guidance for December quarter is, of course, implying an improvement in gross margin. It is not coming from underutilization. We think, underutilization will be fairly flat, with the September quarter. But it's coming from, of course, there's a pricing actions that we are taking, and we have already started in the prior quarter. And a better cost structure. No part of improvement is for sure coming from the full impact of their restructuring plan that we started in the prior quarter. So now we start seeing the full impact in our cost structure. So those are the major drivers for the improvement in gross margin. Then now we will continue to improve our structure and we think our revenue will continue also to increase sequentially. Now to go back to the let's say the 30% gross margin. No, we think we need to have a revenue that is lower than the prior peak. We think at least 20% lower. So we can achieve that level of profitability with a much lower rate.
Aaron Rakers: Very helpful. Thank you, Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I also wanted to ask on gross margin. Gianluca, as HAMR ramps, I think there's some controversy in terms of whether it's initially negative for gross margin or, you know, like what the crossover point will be for when it becomes positive to gross margin. I think it depends on your yields, obviously. But can you just talk about sort of how that plays into the answer to your question, the trajectory of margins off the bottom here. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. No. As Dave said before, no, HAMR will strongly increase our capacity per drive. And that will for sure improve our gross margin. It will, no, it will be accretive to our gross margin since the beginning. But, of course, when we go to 3, 4, 5 terabyte per drive, you will see even a bigger improvement. Now we think we'll start our HAMR revenue fairly strongly in the first six months of the calendar 24. Now we think we have about a million unit as opportunity to be solved. That will help. Of course, as every time you go into a new technology and new product, we could have a little bit lower yield, and that could limit in the first quarter or two. The improvement to the gross margin, but we see gross margin improving sequentially.
Dave Mosley: And, Tim, just I would add, remember that it's not just about the highest capacity point, although that drop does drive a lot of heads and media in our factories. It's also about mid-range, if you will, capacity points like 20 terabytes or 24 terabytes again or those the areal density enables us to go address those capacity points with improved cost structure.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. Yes. Thanks for that. So I also jumped on just [mid way] (ph). So, maybe you talked about this, but can you talk about how the change to build the order is impacting bookings? So I know that revenue is being guided pretty flat, but it seems like bookings are improving. And I wonder how much of that is due to the shift to bill to order and how much of that is due to just the customers having worked through inventory. And what do the bookings tell you about the trajectory of where revenue is going to into the first half of next year? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. It's actually an interesting question. So we do have some customers that are embracing the predictability. And there are reasons for that, maybe some of it is because they have burned through their inventory completely. And so they know that they're going to be buying. I think there are customers who are not leaning into, multiple years just yet. For various reasons, they make procurement decisions all the time and so do we. Right? Everybody has to make these tough decisions. But, you know, generally speaking, I think it's giving us better visibility, at least at the lower rate that the industry now runs because remember, the industry just doesn't have the money to speculatively start a bunch of products right now. We have to make sure that what we do start that the suppliers are going to get paid for and so on. I think the model is generally working out pretty well. And as we show higher value, like the 3 plus terabyte per disk capacity points. And then the 4 plus terabyte per disk capacity point, I think people will want to make sure that they can take advantage of that TCO proposition we put out in front of them. So, I anticipate it'll pick up steam. We are still doing things that are two quarters or four quarters or something like that. And so you know, there's negotiations and everything. And I can be frustrated by that. But as those negotiations continue on, I think we will continue to make sure that we write the industry and ourselves our suppliers so that we can at least get back to a point where returning value to everyone so we can keep investing in the industry. I think that's an important point. That's one of the reasons we've done this.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Krish Sankar of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two part question. First is, you folks shipped about 56 exabytes to Nearline customers in the quarter. Given the view that, Nearline has been improving calendar 24, you think you'll hit the 100 exabyte run rate, sometime in calendar 24? And then a follow-up is, Dave and Gianluca, it seems they're giving more confident about HAMR ramp and gross margin this quarter versus all the prior quarters. Kind of curious what is the reason for that? Were there any improvement in the quarter that you could hit some milestones, or was it more increased customer demand or better visibility into their purchasing of HAMR next year. Any color on that would be helpful.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I would say all of the above as time marches on, our teams make progress against the yield targets, the reliability targets, and the qualifications progress, and we can see when we have more and more certainty we get towards the end of the qualification. So all of those things are factoring into to our confidence. And I think, we'll continue to update everyone going forward exactly how this is going. Remember that we're also starting into qualification with this 2.4 terabyte per platter, which, again, I made the point before it's almost the same box. And so, we have a PMR outlet for those same parts and we're driving the vendors to that commonality, most of the vendors, the lion's share, the vendors have common parts through these two platforms. So, we can drive that much more volume in and predictably get people paid and things like that.
Krish Sankar: And then on the exabytes senior line, can you hit 100 exabytes next year, or is that too aggressive?
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I think for the current fiscal year and probably the calendar 24, is not very probable that we can double the exabyte, but we think we will grow sequentially in all those quarters.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Gianluca. Thank you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O’Malley: Hey. Sorry about the name mix up there. This is Tom O'Malley on for Barclays. I just wanted to understand the timing of the recovery a bit better here. You previously have talked about Q4 and then you talked about the end of December. And this is a Nearline in particular, and you know, it's kind of pushed to Q1. You're seeing this US cloud uptick. You said again, so kind of in September and in your expectations for December. But when do you expect the market step up in the market? Is that still expected for March? Or have things kind of elongated just given the inventory situation? Any update on that recovery will be helpful.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Tom. Thanks. I think we're still on the same plan that we talked about last quarter. It's a gradual uptick. So, we're watching the inventory being depleted. We're seeing new orders come in. I think the one variable would be maybe some of the global cloud customers, not the US cloud customers, maybe some of the global cloud customers given some of the economic issues that we have in various parts of the world. But generally speaking, we're still on the same plan and we'll see a gradual uptick rather than a hockey stick.
Thomas O’Malley: And then just on the gross margin side as well, just taking the midpoint of guidance and you're talking about operating expenses actually up slightly in the December quarter. It implies 200 plus basis points of sequential improvement in gross margin. I understand that you pointed to some pricing increases, but that'll be pretty quick in terms to get the full benefit there. Is there any other levers that are contributing to December? Obviously, you have some mix benefit with [Viagon] (ph) or going down and Nearline up, but just any other levers that you could point to other than the pricing that are impacting December? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I will not say that pricing is the only thing, driving the gross margin up, actually the cost side is very important. We have the full impact of all the restructuring plan that we executed in the prior quarter that are now going into our COGS. Of course, also in our OpEx. OpEx could be a little bit higher, but not much higher. So we are talking about few million dollar higher. So, I would say both pricing and cost should go in the right direction to improve our gross margin sequentially.
Dave Mosley: And sorry, just to be clear, we are also going through product transitions. Right? So as we may raise price on one of the older products and then there's a -- the customer can offset some of those increases by a better TCO proposition in the next drive. And we can go work the cost on that. So the mix plays a role and the customers can see the TCO benefit they're incentivized for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks for taking my question. Dave understanding everything that you said about sort of a cyclical recovery, there's still a lot of macro headwinds out there. And, obviously, your decline in sales over the last 12, 18 months is out done, what the macro is doing. So I'm just curious. How can we get comfortable with the idea that as you see more macro pressures that business your business keeps recovering. Is there anything you would point to in particular that may not limit cloud spending as much more than you think of? Or just like other cycles where you outgrew in tough environments. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Right. Thanks. You're right. It is a tough environment. I will say that data continues to grow and people want to improve their economics all the time. So, the data centers that exist in the world have an enormous number of hard drives. So we're going to see some, refresh of those for various reasons, power some of them are just aging off. The upgrades are -- can be actually fairly large. If you think about buying a 32 terabyte drive and replacing 4, 8 terabyte drives that may still be in your system. I mean, those are market economical benefits that will ripple through the data centers. And so I do think that in some cases, since data is growing so big, it bucks the trend of what's going on in the macro. I mean, obviously, that everyone's paying attention to the macro. But I do think that, there will still have to be some investments to make, and there will also be opportunities to go save cost with some of the new products that we have coming. And we've also been through the cycle on the early side already of already the inventories being depleted around the world. So, there's not that massive inventory bubble out there anymore.
Steven Fox: Thanks for that. That's interesting color. And then, Gianluca, can you just, I mean, I assume you don't want to give like specific underutilization charges likely for the first half of next year. But can you sort of directionally give us a sense for how long you think we should keep modeling even if there's smaller charges, in calendar Q1 and Q2 keep that in there gross margin calculations. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. We expect to have a underutilization cost also in calendar Q1 and calendar Q2. Probably little bit, could be lower than what we have in December, of course, but, of course, the volume that we are producing is still little bit below what we had installed in at the top of the cycle before.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ananda Baruah of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, Dave, just given that you're starting to see things start to firm up, and talking about I think, Gianluca, q-over-q increases, in Nearline as you go through 2024, what's the opportunity, Dave, for things to get tight as you go through 2024 just given the capacity that you've taken offline?
Dave Mosley: Well, I think that tightness is actually kind of interesting because, like we said before, the data is growing in the data centers. We all know that. You know the amount of data being generated is growing quite quickly. And I think relative to the hard drive industry, quickly reacting to anything right now because of some of the damage been done in the supply chain and just some of the, frankly, the lead times that exist on current parts, especially at the highest capacity points, there's not as much flex as there used to be. And so I think, we may see -- we may enter into an environment where people say, okay, I see the economics of upgrading part of my fleet here now. Let's go ahead and do it. It'll save me power. It'll save me space. It'll allow me to answer the call for the data that's growing. And then once they get their orders in, we'll say, well, the lead time is x and that might be the challenge. So that's how I think things may get tight and it'll manifest itself. I don't know exactly when, but I certainly think that we could get into a situation like that just simply because the hard drive industry does not have the immediate capacity games that it used to.
Ananda Baruah: And then what is that -- so what are the downstream impacts of that? I mean, in the past, it's been pricing goes up, long term agreement, that type of deal. Is that still some of the stuff that could occur that you find --
Dave Mosley: That’s right. But that's exactly why we're addressing the customer base with these built to order models, because we -- I think we're in some sense, we're helping the customers get a predictable financial outcome and if they can give us at least some predictable visibility.
Ananda Baruah: That's super helpful. Thanks. I'll keep it there guys. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Miller of The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: Thank you for the question. You mentioned AI opportunities in via cameras and other areas. I'm just wondering, when you think these opportunities will really start to ramp and any idea on the magnitude of these opportunities in terms of sales for next year?
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Mark. I think it's really hard to quantify just yet, but there's a lot of stuff going on in, I'll say big data around AI. You know, you've got people pointing Chief Data Officers now to be able to track where is the data, what's its value, might we want to retain that just in case that we end up with some tools that are allowing us to monetize it or understand more about our processes, so on and so forth with customer base, factories. So my personal opinion is we're in the early innings of a move from throwing data away to keeping some of it longer term for the benefits of the corporations. And I do think that a lot of that will be edge. I don't think all of it will end up in a cloud. I think a lot of it will actually be on the edge. And so this is something we were tracking very carefully. I don't think it's really manifested itself just yet. I think people are using some of the new application capabilities, that are being branded AI applications. To get to know them and understand them. And I certainly, like things like generative AI, which I believe is kind of a new user interface, if you will, that will allow the applications to be used much more efficiently and maybe queries to be made of these applications much more efficiently, but I think we're still in the early innings. And I think once it does latch, we're going to know that data and the longevity of that data and the integrity of that data is all critical. And so I think that's good for us.
Mark Miller: You mentioned lower CapEx for fiscal 2024. Can you give us a range or any idea on what would it be?
Dave Mosley: I think we'll probably stay inside of our existing range, 4% to 6% of revenue. But we are -- since the revenue is so far down, we are very mindful of the spending. However, we can see the tools that we need to bring HAMR up according to a certain pace. And as soon as if the pace is quickens we will get there as quickly as we possibly can. So, we understand what the recipe is and we understand what's needed to make a recipe really well, and we'll spend accordingly.
Mark Miller: Thank you.
Operator: The last question will come from Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just, quickly on the HAMR side. I was just wondering, when you look at, exiting 2024, what your mix of HAMR would be either by exabyte or units?
Dave Mosley: Calendar 2024, you said?
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Right.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I don't think we guide. So far in time precisely on the mix.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. We're not going to guide that, but I will say that, we'll be very aggressive. When we talked about 4 terabytes per disc and the and cost optimization of these platforms and things like that. I mean, this is something the hard drive industry has been doing for years and years, decades. Right? So, we know how to do these transitions. We are very confident in technology. And we look to be very aggressive there. The wafer lead times are also quite long. So, we're already starting on this journey because we're already in wafer and so we're populating the wafer fabs with the parts that will support it.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then on the Nearline side, obviously, the shipments, extra shipments have come down quite a bit. As you look at the green shoots with some data center coming back, do you feel pretty comfortable given what the inventory levels are at the OEMs and what you see in terms of a return, on the spend. How would you characterize that, if you look at those two? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I do think that the inventory has been depleted now to levels that if you think about the complexity of all the data centers of the world and how much material needs to be parked out of them in front of them for replacements and then what the data growth is in the data center, I think the inventory levels have come down to a point where we feel comfortable now that people are going to get back to more predictable buying patterns.
Vijay Rakesh: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Andre. As you heard today, Seagate remains focused on our key priorities including executing our leading technology roadmap which we believe positions us to to enhance profitability over the near term and to capture long term opportunities for mass capacity storage. I'll close by once again thanking all of our shareholders for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and fiscal year 2023 results on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we’ll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We’ve not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they’re subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for questions. I’ll now hand the call over to Dave for opening remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello, everyone. We appreciate you being here with us on today’s call. Amid a tough business environment, Seagate delivered fourth quarter revenue of $1.6 billion, while holding non-GAAP operating margin at 3.5% to narrow our non-GAAP loss per share to $0.18. These results demonstrate financial leverage and our focus on returning to profitability. Importantly, we continue to generate positive free cash flow, achieving $168 million for the quarter and $626 million for the fiscal year, reinforcing Seagate’s solid operational and financial execution amid the business backdrop we have seen in fiscal 2023. This past fiscal year has been shaped by macro and end market conditions that have tested our resilience in addition to our financial performance. I’m proud of our team’s perseverance and execution. As a result of our proactive actions, we’ve lowered our cost structure by more than $350 million on an annualized basis. We’ve enhanced balance sheet flexibility taking out nearly $800 million of debt funded largely by monetizing non-manufacturing facility assets. We reduced production output by approximately 25% compared with peak volume in order to drive better supply/demand dynamics and enhance profitability as the markets recover. And all of these accomplishments were made while delivering on our 30-plus terabyte HAMR product development and qualification milestones with volume ramp on track to begin in early calendar 2024. Looking ahead, we expect the macro end-to-end market conditions that we have flagged throughout fiscal 2023 to continue weighing on demand through at least December. Consistent with our track record of managing what is within our control, we are taking additional measures to weather the near-term business environment. First, we are adjusting pricing, which we believe will help to ensure a healthy industry supply chain for our customers over the long term. And second, we are carefully managing our manufacturing capacity through a build-to-order approach for certain areas of the business to align our future production output with customer qualification and demand plans. It will take time to bring production capacity and associated support resources back online. Therefore, it is crucial that we balance lead times for mass capacity products with our ability to reramp production. We expect these efforts will enable Seagate to efficiently manage supply for our customers as demand improves. I’ll now share some perspectives on near-term demand factors, in particular in the mass capacity markets, starting with our business in China. As expected, sales in China improved sequentially off of the March quarter lows, driven by increased demand in the VIA markets and certain regional cloud and enterprise OEM customers. While these trends are pointing in the right direction, sales are still well below historical levels. Since the strict COVID protocols were eased last December, the pace of economic recovery in China has been uneven. For now, we are forecasting sales into China to remain relatively stable for the balance of the calendar year. We are encouraged to see Chinese authorities begin to inject more stimulus to reaccelerate economic growth. Based on customer input, economic improvement is expected to catalyze e-commerce, drive cloud-related ad revenue and spur new smart city projects. Seagate’s VIA and nearline products are positioned to benefit from these anticipated improvements in the end market demand. Outside of China, nearline demand from enterprise OEM customers has remained soft. CIOs continue to operate under tighter budgets in response to near-term macroeconomic uncertainties. Ongoing efforts to optimize existing workloads, both on-prem and in the cloud, are helping enterprise customers defer mass storage deployments. These trends have slowed the pace of inventory absorption among most of our U.S. cloud customers. We have significantly reduced shipments to several large cloud customers in order to accelerate inventory absorption and protect our financial returns. We project it will take another couple of quarters for inventory levels to normalize. We also believe the timing for demand recovery could be affected by spending priorities focused on accelerating the build-out of compute-intensive AI infrastructure. While AI and ML have been around for quite some time, generative AI has quickly emerged as the next megatrend. This megatrend makes us as excited as ever about the long-term growth drivers for Seagate. In addition to the ongoing migration of workloads to the cloud, which we believe is far from over, gen AI is expected to be a catalyst for data creation, underpinning future demand for mass capacity storage. In today’s earliest stages of gen AI development, you’re seeing the necessary first steps of building and training of AI models. These efforts require significant investment in compute architectures, and we’re seeing that investment ramp today. The next stage of development will yield enterprise-specific use cases that leverage trained AI models to convert data into value-enhancing applications. As this phase plays out, cost-effective mass storage will be critical and we see HDD as a long-term beneficiary. We are already seeing examples of content creators generating high-definition images from text, which is growing in use as evidenced by four of the top services selling 20 million images each day. Development is well underway to create data-intensive videos and animations simply from voice commands. The adoption of AI-generated video bodes well for mass capacity storage. For context, today, nearly four million videos are uploaded daily to YouTube and their file sizes can be thousands of times larger than a single image. Additionally, we believe that predictive AI will lead to advances in many fields, including science and health care. For example, predictive AI can be used to analyze large collection of medical images, many created by Gen AI to provide insight for early detection, prevent disease progressions and develop patient-specific treatments. Mass capacity data storage will remain both an enabler and beneficiary of these trends working in harmony with flash and DRAM memories to bring AI applications to bear. While flash will continue to feed high-performance compute engines, mass capacity HDDs will remain the most cost-efficient storage media to house the enormous volumes of data being generated and used for predictive analytics. Even in today’s unsustainably low NAND pricing environment, HDDs are still roughly five times more cost-efficient than comparable flash solutions on a per bit basis, and we do not project that gap to close in the next decade. This level of conviction is due in large part to our leading technology road map. Seagate is leveraging magnetic recording technology innovations such as HAMR across our mature 10 disc [ph] HDD platform, positioning us very well to meet increasing demand, including from data-intensive AI applications. Given the current business climate, Seagate is focused on product development and execution and helping our customers qualify next-generation drive capacities. We are executing well on both fronts. We continue to deliver aerial density and TCO advancements through our conventional PMR hard disk drive products. Development efforts on what may be our last PMR product are nearing completion and will extend drive capacities into the mid- to upper 20 terabyte range. As mentioned earlier, our 30-plus terabyte product launch plan is fully intact and initial customer qualifications are progressing well. We are on track to begin volume ramp in early calendar 2024. We are also preparing qualifications with a broader number of customers, including testing for lower capacity drives targeting VIA and enterprise OEM workloads. While there is always work to do, I am pleased with the progress the product development teams have made during fiscal year 2023. Overall, Seagate has consistently demonstrated the ability to quickly adjust and execute at a high level on every factor within our control. We remain diligent in managing through near-term business conditions. At the same time, I am excited by the tremendous long-term opportunities ahead brought about by existing and emerging megatrends underpinned by data. Cost-effective mass capacity storage is a critical enabler and Seagate is poised to deliver with strong technology road maps and improving financial leverage. I’ll stop there and hand it over to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Amidst the current industry down cycle, we delivered results that demonstrate our ability to maintain disciplined production output and strong cost control measures. For the June quarter, we reported revenue of $1.6 billion, in line with our recent public commentary and non-GAAP loss of $0.18 per share, slightly better than the midpoint of our guided range. Total hard disk drive revenue declined 14% sequentially to $1.4 billion, with shipment of 91 exabytes. Mass capacity revenue declined 20% sequentially to $1 billion, reflecting softer demand in the cloud nearline market, partially offset by an improvement in the VIA business. Shipment into the mass capacity markets totaled 75 exabytes compared with 104 exabytes in the March quarter. Mass capacity shipments as a percentage of total HDD exabyte was roughly 82% compared to the March quarter 88%. The expected slowdown in our cloud business led to nearline shipments of 55 exabytes, down 37% sequentially. As Dave outlined earlier, we anticipate that it will take a couple more quarters for CSPs to consume inventory and demand to improve. Specific to the VIA market, revenue was up sequentially from what we believe was a demand drop in the March quarter. We expect a relatively stable VIA demand environment in the second half of the calendar year, although still below the run rate before the downturn. Within the legacy market, revenue was $401 million, up 8% sequentially, reflecting higher demand for mission-critical products. The client and consumer markets were down slightly quarter-over-quarter, typical for a June quarter. Finally, revenue for non-HDD business decreased 15% sequentially to $218 million. As anticipated, current IT spending behavior in light of economic uncertainties impacted our enterprise system business. We expect this headwind and the purchase timing for a couple of large customers to result in a meaningful decline in our system revenue in the September quarter. Importantly, we shipped our first HAMR-based CORVAULT system for revenue as planned during the June quarter. We expect broader availability of these CORVAULT systems by the end of calendar 2023. Moving to our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the June quarter was $313 million, down 10% sequentially, reflecting lower revenue and a less favorable mix partially offset by lower underutilization costs. Non-GAAP gross margin expanded 80 basis points sequentially, approaching 20%. Underutilization cost decreased to approximately $40 million in the June quarter as we temporarily increased production to build long lead time components. Based on the current business outlook that Dave outlined, we expect higher underutilization costs in the September quarter. However, we expect gross margin to modestly increase as our cost structure improvements are fully realized and we implement pricing adjustments in certain markets during the second half of calendar 2023. We reduced non-GAAP operating expenses to $258 million, down $91 million year-over-year and $24 million sequentially. The year-over-year decline reflects our cost structure improvement actions to-date, lower variable compensation as well as disciplined cost management. We expect non-GAAP OpEx in the September quarter to be similar to the June quarter, reflecting nearly full realization of cost savings from restructuring efforts announced in April, offsetting an increase related to the recent sales and leaseback of three nonmanufacturing sites. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the June quarter with liquidity level of approximately $2.3 billion, including our revolving credit facilities of $1.5 billion, which was lowered by $250 million as previously disclosed in the credit agreement amendment. Inventory was down $60 million quarter-over-quarter at $1.14 billion and we will continue to focus on reducing our own inventory in the coming quarters. Capital expenditure totaled $50 million in the June quarter, down 7% sequentially. Fiscal year 2023 CapEx was $316 million or roughly 4% of revenue. We target lower CapEx in fiscal year 2024 as we maintain our focus on shifting to a build-to-order factory loading, balancing supply to demand and still supporting our innovation-driven product road map. Free cash flow generation was $168 million for the quarter and $626 million for the fiscal year, reflecting solid operational execution and efficiency in working capital management. We expect free cash flow to be lower in the September quarter as we incur a majority of the cash payments associated with the restructuring charges announced in April. We used $145 million for the quarterly dividend and exited the quarter with 207 million shares outstanding. There were no share repurchases during the quarter. Our debt balance exiting the quarter was $5.5 billion down $507 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily reflecting the 2023 notes retirement. This debt reduction was mostly funded through the sales and leaseback of the three facilities noted earlier. Additionally, we raised $1 billion in new notes and user proceeds to prepay $450 million of existing term loans and retire the March 2024 notes of $500 million. As a result of these actions, we now have less than 12% of total debt coming due over the next two fiscal years. Interest expense in the June quarter was $84 million and is expected to increase lightly for the September quarter, reflecting a full quarter of the debt restructuring actions that I just described. Adjusted EBITDA for the last 12 months totaled $974 million resulting in a net debt leverage ratio of 4.8 times well below our amended credit agreement terms. According to our September quarter outlook, for the hard drive business, we expect incremental improvements in mass capacity to offset declines in the legacy markets. For non-HDD revenue for the system business is expected to decrease sequentially during part to demand timing among a couple of our large system customers as noted earlier. With vetted context, we expect September quarter revenue to be in a range of $1.55 billion plus or minus $150 million. As a mid-point of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the low to mid-single digit range, which includes the proactive measure we discussed today partially offset by higher under-utilization cost in the range of $70 million. And we expect a non-GAAP loss per share in the range of $0.16 plus or minus $0.20. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I’m proud of the perseverance and agility as we continue to proactively respond to the market environment we have faced over this past year. Entering fiscal 2024, we are leaner. Our balance sheet is healthier and our product roadmap is stronger. All of these factors enhance our ability to weather near-term market conditions, deliver financial leverage and position the company to capture attractive long-term opportunities for mass capacity storage. As we conclude our prepared remarks, I would like to thank our employees, suppliers, customers, and shareholders once again for their support. Thanks for joining us and let’s open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Eddy Orabi: Hey guys, this is Eddy for Krish from TD Cowen. I understand you want guide for December, but curious to know your thoughts on December nearline exabyte shipments. Like do you see them growing sequentially from September or more like flat or maybe slightly down? I’m asking is in case we remain at current revenue of $1.6 billion per quarter into next year, I’m wondering if there would be a risk to the dividend that in case especially you guys continue to invest in the business. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Eddy. So we aren’t guiding for December. I think we expect at this point to hold the line on overbuilding and so that’s one of the reasons we’re being very cautious, but there will be some – there’s an indication of some natural flow through at the cloud service providers, for example. So we expect it to slowly start trending back up from here. I don’t expect a big hockey stick rebound. I mean I could be wrong on that, but we do expect it to be – to slowly go back up because – mainly because we’re not pushing it a bunch of our own inventory. And relative to the dividend, we’re planning for all this in all of our plans right now, and I think we execute this plan, we should be just fine. And we want to continue to be the person for all of our stakeholders that we’ve always been before. We’ve got a laser focus on that right now.
Eddy Orabi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much. I was wondering, Dave, if you could flush out a little bit two of the points that, that you made in your purported marks. One on adjusting pricing strategy in certain markets. What specifically are you doing in these markets? And then secondarily, the reduced production output through this bill to order and lower CapEx comments that you made. How exactly will this bill to order work? Is this specifically for mass capacity? What kind of lead times would you require and are your customers and what do you expect your follow through from customers and also from a competitive standpoint? Thank you so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, it is complicated, because there’s a number of different markets in play here. So for example, a distribution channel or some of the classic markets we have consumer client server. You just don’t move things very quickly, but some places it’s relatively easier to raise prices and have that flow through into the system. On mass capacity drives, generally speaking, we do the price increases through transitions of products. So we’ll say this is the changing economics. We need to make sure that we get paid for that. So as we go through the next product generation, there’s still a TCO benefit to the end customer to drive through that product transition. But the economics have to change largely. So we can go back and pay our suppliers and keep everybody healthy. There’s been such a profound downturn in demand that we have to make sure that the entire supply chain is treated properly. But exactly what you said, different markets are behaving very differently and accept things very differently. And this is the direction we’re pushing at this point.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, on the cost side, Wamsi, and on the production, that is of course driving under-utilization. Now, we had a little bit higher production in the June quarter, mainly on the wafer side and little bit on the media, but I would say more on the wafer, we will no need to do that level of production right now. So general utilization charges that declined in the June quarter from almost $80 million to $40 million, it’s probably going up a little bit in September. We estimated about $70 million, but of course through the quarter, that could change a little bit.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I also had a question on pricing and sort of how you think about it versus market share. We’ve heard examples of you raising prices 10% to 15%. It’s obviously a little bit counterintuitive and such a soft market. So I guess two questions. One, how are customers reacting to that? And then also, are you willing to lose share as you kind of look out? Is there like a line in the sand on share that you’re going to draw where, you wouldn’t raise pricing if you lost share? Or are you willing to lose share to get pricing reset to a more susceptible level? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tim. So, yes, you are right. It’s a weak demand environment. But I think also there’s, generally speaking, the whole industry is underwater. So I mean, we have to make sure we protect ourselves, we protect the supply base as we talked about earlier. And it’s different in different products across the market obviously – the different markets obviously. How is being accepted? There’s – you can imagine the entire monopoly of different responses. Some people are worried about supply longer term. They do believe that supply will be short and demand will come back. And so – and especially with the long, long lead times that there are on mass capacity products right now, I think it’s something that people are very much in tune with. And so it’s forcing good discussions. There’s other people for various reasons that need to make tactical procurement decisions and they’ll take whatever deals are out in front of them. And I get that. I mean, that happens from time to time in the business. That’s one of the big reasons why we don’t want to overbuild, we want to make sure, we hold as much as we possibly can. And as we continue to play this forward, I think we’ll see and adjust accordingly to make sure that we defend our products. I think the optimism for us is that we can actually go through the product transitions, get to the higher capacity points, provide a better TCO proposition, get components out of the supply chains and so on. And then, we didn’t dilute or extend the problem any by overbuilding or dilute the problem by continuing to overbuild and then lowering price. And that’s what we have to hold onto.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Awesome guys. Thanks for taking my question. Now, Dave, I just wanted to ask if you could flesh out the comment you made in your prepared remarks about the timing of a demand recovery being delayed by AI investments. Just in the context of you talking about market conditions weighing on demand through December. Are you telling us we shouldn’t expect sequential growth in capacity shift until calendar 2024? Just if you could help us connect some of these dots that’d be great. Thank you very much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Erik. Yes, and I think I mentioned in one of the earlier comments that it’ll be slight capacity growth, but the way I read through most of the results that have already – are already coming through in the cloud, and in most of my conversations as well, I think it’s fairly consistent that there’s priorities being put on data center infrastructure, new data center build out, power infrastructure that was already kind of – it was – things were biased that way instead of mass capacity stores, the mass capacity being something that would come later. And we all know about the great new capabilities that there are in some of the compute technologies and how those new technologies are being applied in new applications. So that’s AI and that’s a high priority for cloud service providers and people doing stuff on-prem as well. We think data follows behind that. Predicting it is going to be really tough, but we do think that that’s going to be a bow wave at some point. There’ll be competition for the data that actually feeds the AI engines, if you will, right? Right now there’s a big battle to get the AI engines up and running and show those applications as being meaningful. And I think that’s an interesting space to watch. Behind it there’s going to be a lot of data that actually has to feed those AI engines every day, every day, every day. And we think that’s mass capacity infrastructure net positive.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas O’Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O’Malley: Thanks for taking my questions. In the deck, you guys mentioned that you were extending your PMR platform into the mid to upper 20 TB capacities. Could you talk about where your original plan was to extend into the mid-20s and where that is now and why you made that decision? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Tom, there’s no real change. We’ve been talking about it, I think for about a year. We said we can get PMR into the mid-20s. And the product that we have now, let me – I’ll talk about it very quickly here. We believe that with SMR variants, it can get in the high-20s, the product is in the mid-20s, but it is highly, highly leveraged. It’s almost identical electronics and mechanics that takes us to HAMR. So it’s almost the same product, you swap out the heads and discs for HAMR and a couple other component changes that have to happen. So we’re going to get a lot of leverage from that. That platform has been planned for a long, long time. We called it a 10 disc platform in the prepared remarks. So I have a lot of confidence that we can solution PMR anywhere the customer wants to stay there in the mid-20s or we can go to HAMR variants with the same bag of parts or very, very similar bag of parts. I do think that there’s a lot of confusion out in the market. I’ll say that this way about what capacity point is it? 24, 25, 26, but there’s customers who need all kinds of different variants and I think that we confuse people frankly by kind of amalgamating all these things. All I will say is that I think those products that we have are very, very competitive in the market. Right now the issue is, if I had it, I’m not going to try to force it into the market, into a space that people don’t need the product simply because it poisons the well for that product, maybe two quarters out or three quarters out for when people do need it. And it would erode the value proposition for the HAMR products when they come. So we’ve got to run the business the way we are right now.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Let me add that just for clarity, when we say the mid-20s is in the CMR version, if you go to the SMR version of that drive, of course, we are in the mid to high-20s.
Operator: The next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Aaron, sorry, we can’t hear you.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, guys, sorry about that. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to unpack some of the kind of considerations we should be thinking about in terms of gross margin as we move forward. Appreciating that you’re not guiding explicitly, but I guess first of all, if I look at the pricing discussion, based on the math it looks like your mass capacity dollar per terabyte was up by about 10% sequentially. I guess as we look forward, should we be thinking that the ASP on that basis continues to trend higher? Or how much of that capacity shift have you already kind of imposed price increases upon? And then also, when we look at the capacity shift in total with a 25% reduction in production capacity, do we take prior peak capacity shipment levels and take 25% of that? And that should be a level for which you think you would get back to kind of that 30% gross margin level? I know there’s a lot in that, but I’m just trying to think about some of the variables, looking out just not this current quarter, but beyond.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Aaron. I’ll give it to Gianluca to answer. I think as I look in at the tactics of what’s going on right now, I think it’s dangerous to say what changed quarter-over-quarter and extrapolate from there. You can draw straight lines, but I’m not sure that – like whether we take a deal at the end of a quarter or not is a good way to think about what’s going to happen over the long haul. We’ve said that pricing needs to go up or stabilize, depending on the different capacity points, the product transitions that we’re going through, whether or not suppliers still want to stay around for a certain product line. I mean, there’s a lot of different things to unpack there, to your point. Relative to our manufacturing capacity, we talked about 25%. Of course, that’s not perfect across every single factory we have, nor is it perfect across the supply chain. And we’re only as good as our weakest link. We have to make sure those weakest links are still well cared for. And so that’s largely what’s driving that. The ability to go put that capacity back online would – is severely hampered because it’s not just the capital, if you will, that we haven’t invested in enough for peak capacity, but it’s also the people we’d have to bring back. I mean, unfortunately, our people and a lot of people in the supply chain have been dramatically taken down. So do you want to add something, Gianluca?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Aaron, you were asking about the price per terabyte in particular in Q4. That is a result also of the mix. So we have a reduction in cloud. That, of course, is our higher capacity that usually has the lowest price per terabyte, but also the lowest cost per terabyte. And we have an increase in VIA. So mid-capacity drives with, again, higher price per terabyte and a little bit higher cost per terabyte. So there is a mix that is impacting, of course, when the volume is not very high. Just a few exabyte difference in the different segments can swing those price and cost per terabyte.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: In terms of capacity, Aaron, the 25%, I would not take the peak of where we were probably more than a year ago. We have done a lot of restructuring, a lot of adjustments. And as they said, we will need time to eventually rebuild that capacity also in terms of employees.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We don’t need to get back to the full capacity in order to get back into our margin model because we’ve taken so many cost actions across the business. I think we’ve been very, very aggressive on that, knowing that our footprint had to change. I think we’ll be able to scale much better from a margin perspective as some of the demand comes back.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kurt Swartz: Hi, this is Kurt Swartz on for C.J. Thank you for taking my question. Open to delve into generative AI implications for both HDD and SSD demand. What is the perceived time line for storage demand uplift as data creation accelerates? And is there any concern regarding more workloads moving from HDD to flash within an AI data center paradigm? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks. I don’t think of things that way that people in data centers are not making decisions like you would make for example, if you’re building your own PC, this or that or this combination. Instead, they know how to manage data across multiple tiers and geographies very, very well. And make sure that the right data gets the right place at the right time. There are some gen AI discussions that are very transactional and probably don’t need a whole lot of HDD and then there’s a lot that are very video-intensive and want data to be sequestered in a certain tank and so that nothing else can touch it. And we believe that’s going to be that normal tier that you see today. So, I think it’s a win-win for memory and storage long-term. Obviously, it’s win for compute. And I think as some of these new applications are lit up, I’m really excited to see it. We haven’t seen it yet. I mean, unless you start to look back at some traditional cloud service provider capabilities and say that all along that was AI. But I do think there’s a whole host of new tools coming. It will be a very competitive space. And the data tiering infrastructure will become a critical part of that as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Karl Ackerman with BNP. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Yes, thank you. I have two questions. First, I may have missed this, but why did average capacity per drive for the mass capacity area of your business shrink this quarter? And then second, I guess, how should we think about mass capacity unit growth from here? And where do you believe we are in the replacement cycle and whether that should continue to elongate or whether that returns to some form of normal from a unit perspective? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Karl. So the – we are not overbuilding, especially the high capacity drives are trying to push out into some of the cloud service providers. We’re waiting until the inventory actually goes down. And so I think that’s why, and I made reference to this earlier, that’s why some of the metrics may look weird, like you just pointed out on capacity per drive diving down. I don’t think that’s a long-term trend either. I think of course that’s going to go back up.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. The average capacity is down because of mix. So as I said before, in the June quarter, we shipped less to cloud and more to VIA, and of course the capacity is much higher in the cloud business.
Dave Mosley: I’m sorry, Karl, what was the second part of your question?
Karl Ackerman: Yes, sorry about that. It’s about how we should think about mass capacity unit growth from here? And where do you believe we are the replacement cycle?
Dave Mosley: Okay.
Karl Ackerman: I asked because it appears your mass capacity unit shipments peaked in the first quarter of 2022. So it’s been about five consecutive quarters of a decline. At the same time, units are down over two thirds in that same period. And so if we could just discuss perhaps the corollary between units and exabyte growth, I think it’s relevant here would be helpful? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Good. There are hundreds of, sorry, hundreds of millions of cloud drives, if you will, in data centers around the world. And some of them are aging to your point. And if unit shipments go down, its exabytes can still go up even though unit shipments are going down because the ones that are aging off are lower capacity points, say fours, eights, 12 terabytes, whatever. But over time it’s much more efficient, actually it’s more efficient power-wise and for all a lot of other features system level features to put the newer drives on. So it’s about all these things in balance. And I do believe that unit shipments are down largely because of this inventory digestion that we’ve been talking about. That will turn, again, will it go back to the peak of where it was five or six quarters ago and how fast will it go back? These are tough questions for our customers right now. It comes down to their prioritization of their spend. But all indications are in the latest numbers. And if I think about these latest numbers that the cloud service providers are announcing versus where they were six months to nine months ago, there’s a very positive trend. And I think to the questions about GenAI and other feature sets, we’re not at peak cloud yet. So I do think it’ll come back fairly strongly from a unit’s perspective when it does.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. A couple of questions. The first one is about the production cost curve, and if you could talk about the percentage decline per year that we should expect in a medium term on a per bit basis? And then second question about is the percentage of production that’s coming from China and also the true demand that you see from China as a percentage of your revenue? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: I think, the relative – I can answer to China question first and then Gianluca can take the cost discussion. China is down quite a bit, but relatively as part of our portfolio, it’s about the same relative numbers that it was – even when it was the peak of the – of our portfolio. So, I wouldn’t overly analyze China versus CSPs versus consumer spending and all these other things that have affected our revenue downturn. I think it’s a fairly consistent number across the entire portfolio. And we’re looking for demand upswings in every one of those sections as well as we go forward. But we’re also managing the business really carefully because we don’t think it’s going to come back in the next six months like we said in our prepared remarks.
Gianluca Romano: The cost per terabyte of course we don’t guide the full year. What I would say is in a down cycle it depends a lot from the level of utilization that you have in your factories, so can vary a lot from one quarter to another quarter. In general, no we are continuing to do our product road map. And as Dave said, we have a new PMR product coming out soon, higher capacity, that means lower cost per terabyte. And then we will have HAMR in just a couple of quarters, so all those new products will help us in reducing the cost per terabyte.
Dave Mosley: Right. I like our chances in the cost per terabyte arena going forward. And I think as we continue to work yields and scrap on these new products and so on, have the highest capacity points out there, have the ability to take that aerial density to lower capacity points as well, it helps our cost per terabyte immensely.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of follow-ups. Given your lower OpEx missed around to 160, how should I think about scaling, especially on the revenue side before you would need to increase OpEx materially?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Mehdi, I think we can hold the line on where we are right now and get a lot of scale. I mean we’ve been through the product transition far enough on the PMR product and HAMR product that we can – we’re pretty much done with the development phases, all the experimentation and so on and so forth. So I don’t think we need to grow OpEx until we build back quite a bit of revenue and so we’ll get very efficient scale there. I appreciate the question.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. And then for Gianluca, should I assume that free cash flow would be down in September and then up in December?
Gianluca Romano: Well, in general, no, we have generated good free cash flow through all our quarters. I said in the prepared remarks, September would be a little bit lower because we have to pay for the restructuring charges that we executed in end of June and during July.
Mehdi Hosseini: Right.
Gianluca Romano: But we also said we expect every quarter to be positive.
Mehdi Hosseini: Negative, just sequentially, down in September and then rebounding in December on a sequential basis?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Better, yes, better point. On the OpEx maybe, I want to – I just clarify, we don’t have variable compensation right now in our numbers. So we could have a little bit of increase in the future if the business comes back stronger, just a little bit, not much.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Miller with The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: I’m just wondering if, it sounds like the PMR is going further than I originally thought it would be. Is this a change? Or was that always in your plan?
Dave Mosley: It was always in the plan. Yes. I think, Mark, we’ve kind of been focused on 16, 20, 24 and bringing on the technology that way. We believe we have great heads of media on PMR. It’s getting towards the top end of the curve, right? So it’s harder and harder to squeeze things up. And we’ve worked really hard to make sure that the drive that was taking us there would also take us to HAMR. So we’re leveraging as much as we possibly can and then only changing the aerial density critical components that get us the area of that to get us into the 30s and building much more confidence on that new S-curve actually as time goes on. So I’m convinced there’s going to be 40 terabyte drives in the world, not too distant future. And we’ve talked about the capabilities of these things in the lab. We’re ready to go 5 terabytes per disk. So teams incrementally more positive every time. So that’s good. The teams are making progress.
Mark Miller: Is there any specific technology advance that’s allowing you to push that now up to almost 30 terabytes?
Dave Mosley: Sorry, you mean beyond HAMR?
Mark Miller: No, I mean taking the PMR up to the high-20s in terms of terabytes, anything new in the technology and any breakthroughs or advancements?
Dave Mosley: Well, we’re always working new readers designs that are applicable to go to 30 terabyte and 40 terabyte drives as well. It’s not only about the write [ph] technology, if you will. There’s – because PMR is implying the write technology. That’s right with the write, you know that. So it’s not a HAMR just versus PMR. There’s other technology things that are being worked. Technology vectors are being worked. But mid-20s is CMR, high 20s has been SMR, and there’s many different kinds of SMR variants for different customers. So I think you have to be a little bit careful with picking individual capacity points. And by the way, HAMR can use SMR as well on top of it. So when we get into the 30s, there might be that same kind of spread of capacity points because of how people are choosing to deploy HAMR in their data centers.
Mark Miller: Thank you. 
Operator: The last question today comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi, just a quick two questions. Just when you look at HAMR, obviously ramping well, any way of looking at what the exabyte mix would be as you look at calendar 2024 or even calendar 2025?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I do think that as we – and this is a delicate balance between the capacity we’ll still have to make drives, the lead times associated with those big drives and the economic returns that we’re going to be getting, so how many do we start now, how many parts do we start now to be able to answer that. But theoretically, with HAMR allowing us to jump quite a bit in exabytes per box, if the demand is strong enough, then the exabyte growth will be strong, very strong. So a lot of this first order driver is still demand, we’re going to answer that call with the components that we have. We’re very much leaning into the product transition on HAMR because we have that much confidence. I think the customer’s qualification is going well and the customer interest is high because they see such a market TCO proposition as well. And if all that stuff lines up into good box demand like somebody asked earlier, that means good exabyte growth. That’s what we’re all hoping for.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then on the data center inventory side, any way to kind of gauge how much – how many weeks of inventory is still there? And how that compares to the prior terabyte I guess, in data center inventory or...
Dave Mosley: Right. It’s not an exact science. I would say we have evidence that it’s going down, not only that’s what people are telling us, our customers are telling us, but also we’re not putting any in. So definitely, the Seagate inventory is going down. We’re even managing our owned inventory down as well; I can’t speak for the rest of the industry. But all indications are that things are getting healthier and – but we don’t think that it’s going to be fixed overnight. We think it’s going to take another couple of quarters before the upturn. And that’s something that I’m very cognizant of. We didn’t project originally going into this downturn that this would be this long, but I don’t think it’s going to last forever either. I think it will turn north again here. We just basically said not until the end of the calendar year.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Betsy [ph]. As you heard today, Seagate is continuing to take proactive actions to navigate this tough business environment over the near term. However, we remain excited as ever for the long-term opportunities for mass capacity storage, and it’s brought about by existing and emerging trends that are underpinned by data like AI, like we talked about today. Our leading technology road map positions us really well to address future demand and enhance value for both our customers and for Seagate’s financial performance. I’ll close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technologies Fiscal Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our fiscal third quarter 2023 results on the investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. With that, I'll now turn it over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye, and hello, everyone. Seagate's March quarter revenue came in at $1.86 billion, just above the low end of our guidance range, while we reported a non-GAAP loss of $0.28 per share. These results reflect rising economic uncertainties and an elongated inventory correction that impacted demand among a few large customers late in the quarter. As a result, we've altered our outlook regarding the timing and trajectory of recovery to now begin later in the calendar year. In response to the current market environment, we are taking aggressive actions to further reduce costs and rightsize the business to navigate this downturn and position Seagate to thrive when recovery ultimately comes. Beyond this cycle, we remain excited about the long-term opportunities presented by the secular growth of data and the relevance of mass capacity storage as new data-centric applications emerge and more workloads migrate to the cloud. We continue to make strong progress on our industry-leading technology road map, including launching HAMR-based products this quarter, which we believe put us in outstanding longer-term position. In my remarks today, I will share some perspectives on the current market dynamics, provide greater context on our restructuring initiatives and update you on our product plans. First, let me address the settlement we announced with the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, or BIS. The agreement resolves BIS' allegations regarding Seagate's sales of hard disk drives to a certain customer between August 2020 and September 2021. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Seagate has agreed to pay a total of $300 million in $15 million quarterly installments that will take place over the course of five years. I want to emphasize that Seagate maintains its strong commitment to export compliance, and we believe that we comply with all export regulations at the time we made the shipments. However, in working toward a mutually acceptable solution with BIS, we balance factors such as the risks and cost of protracted litigation involving the U.S. government, the size of a potential penalty, which could have been a significant multiple of the settlement amount, and our desire to focus on current business challenges and our long-term business goals. We believe the outcome we have reached and putting this matter behind us is in the best interest of our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Turning now to the near-term business environment. For the past year, Seagate has been navigating a complex market shaped by a few primary factors. Inventory digestion among our large cloud customers that is impacting our nearline business, lower economic activity in China owing to the country's COVID lockdown policy and weakening macro conditions that initially impacted consumer demand and is now affecting all end-markets. These pressures have been compounded recently and weighed on our end of quarter dynamics. In the nearline markets, CIOs are now facing constrained IT hardware budgets, which has raised the bar for projects to get funded and resulted in efforts to optimize existing workloads, both on-prem and in the cloud. In turn, cloud service providers have focused on maximizing utilization of their existing infrastructure rather than deploying new capacity. The combination of these factors dramatically slowed the pace of cloud customer inventory consumption, and led to the pronounced slowdown in cloud and enterprise storage demand that we experienced exiting the March quarter. However, we don't foresee a strategic shift in customer spending patterns or a change to what remains a robust long-term outlook for cloud storage. Digital transformation trends will continue as enterprises realize significant cost benefits and operational efficiencies by transitioning workloads to the cloud. Industry analysts have observed that once applications and workloads are moved to the cloud, they generally stay there and grow. Digital workloads rely on data, which bodes well for mass capacity storage as the number of new cloud workloads multiply every year. Within the China markets, customers remain constructive on their end market demand outlook as the economy continues to reopen. However, rising macro uncertainties are pushing timing for recovery to begin later in the calendar year. Despite the pushout, we are seeing some positive demand movement in the consumer and service sectors after COVID lockdown restrictions were lifted. These trends support a digital economy growth that bodes well for China cloud demand as growth in consumer demand has historically led to revenue growth for regional cloud customers. Within the VIA markets, future demand pickup is based on two factors. First, you will recall that several existing VIA projects were delayed during COVID lockdowns. Customers expect these projects to gradually resume as the economy reopens in the coming months, which will consume the existing HDD inventory that was earmarked for these projects. Second, we expect new smart city and smart manufacturing initiatives to build momentum as government funding and enterprise budgets free up and the global economy improves. In this dynamic environment, we are continuing to manage what is within our control. In late March, we extended the first phase of our restructuring efforts to adjust our factory headcount to align with lower production volumes, realized efficiencies across various operational support functions and reset our live edge to cloud business plans. We are scaling back new investments in Lyve Cloud as we focus on filling our existing infrastructure. We expect to drive operational and cost synergies across all platforms to accelerate time to profitability while growing the business over the long term. Since fiscal Q1, we've taken more than $150 million out of our cost structure, lowered debt by 5% and significantly reduced manufacturing capacity. Given the prevailing market conditions and our reduced near-term demand outlook, we are undertaking the next phase of restructuring actions targeted to yield at least an additional $200 million in annualized savings from both COGS and OpEx as well as implementing temporary cost savings measures, including salary reductions. We are taking a programmatic approach focused on three key areas: first, we are reassessing the levels of production output and functional support required to meet both near- and long-term business needs. These actions are intended to ensure that supply and demand are appropriately balanced. Second, we are simplifying our product road map to create operational efficiencies. We plan to reduce the number of drive configurations and major capacity node transitions to lower supply chain and manufacturing costs and complexity. We're taking these actions in concert with our customers who can also capture cost benefits from fewer product qualifications. Finally, we will continue prioritizing resources towards higher-return products and end markets, while rationalizing support levels and investments aimed at noncore businesses. Our goal is to emerge a stronger, more agile company able to navigate well in all demand environments, return to profitable growth and preserve our technology leadership momentum. To that end, we have not let up on executing our HAMR-based product road map to preserve our significant time-to-market advantage. We are tracking well to our stated plans and achieved the key milestone last week of shipping initial qualification units to a cloud launch partner, and we expect to recognize initial revenue from 30-plus terabyte platforms this quarter as part of our Corvault system solutions. The decades of development that have led us to HAMR productization are even more important today as highly cost-efficient, mass capacity storage will be a competitive enabler in a world where data is rapidly growing and increasing in value. We believe HAMR will further extend the large and sustainable cost advantage multiple compared to other storage media, even with current market prices. Additionally, Seagate's ability to service this growing demand through areal density gains by increasing capacities from three to four to five terabytes per disc or more provides far greater capital efficiencies compared with current PMR technology over time. We are confident in Seagate's ability to translate areal density leadership into the most advantaged TCO across a broad range of customers from the highest capacity drives used in cloud data centers to lower and mid-cap drives more typically used by enterprise and VIA customers. We currently expect the high-volume ramp to begin in early calendar 2024, depending on customer qualification time lines and prevailing macro conditions at that time. Tactically, we are very focused on realizing our targeted savings which, along with an improved demand environment, should create the foundation to move towards our targeted financial model. And as we transition to our strategically vital HAMR platform, we believe that we are positioning the Company to drive differentiated financial performance for Seagate over the long term. Thanks. And now I'll turn the call over to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Amid intensifying economic uncertainties, we saw a rapid decline in demand in certain parts of the business over the last couple of weeks of the quarter, pressuring supply-demand balance. These factors, along with underutilization charges and tax expenses weighed unfavorably on profitability. For the March quarter, we reported revenue of $1.86 billion and non-GAAP losses of $0.28 per share. Despite these conditions, we generated free cash flow of $174 million, demonstrating our ability to maintain discipline and strong cost control measures. In response to the near-term business environment, we have and we will continue to evaluate and take steps to improve our cost structure and strengthen our balance sheet as evidenced by the expansion of our restructuring efforts, which we announced in the late March. Exiting the June quarter, the actions that we committed to and taking charges for are expected to deliver cost savings of $40 million to $45 million annually, with roughly 60% realized in cost of goods sold. As Dave described in his comments, we are taking additional actions to further improve our cost structure, targeting at least $200 million of annualized savings exiting fiscal Q1 2024. Now turning to the end markets. Total hard disk drive revenue declined 4% sequentially to $1.6 billion. Mass capacity revenue remained essentially flat quarter-over-quarter at $1.2 billion, but lower than our expectations due to more prolonged cloud customer inventory adjustment and slower demand recovery in China. Shipments into the mass capacity market totaled 104 exabytes compared with 97 exabytes in the December quarter. Consistent with the prior quarter, roughly 83% were derived from nearline products shipped into cloud and enterprise OEM customers. Nearline shipments of 87 exabytes were up 9% sequentially, driven by growth in 20-plus terabyte drives. As a percentage of our nearline exabytes shipments, 20-plus terabyte capacity drives has grown from high single digits to approximately 2/3 of our nearline exabytes year-over-year, reflecting our customer of higher density storage for their data center needs. Looking ahead, we expect nearline exabyte shipments to decline over the next couple of quarters as cloud customers intensify their efforts to reduce inventory and improve the productivity of their existing infrastructure. Specific to the VIA market, revenue declined sequentially, largely as expected. As we outlined earlier, based on interaction with customers, we expect gradual recovery in the second half of the calendar year. Within the Legacy market, revenue was $371 million, down 12% sequentially, reflecting a steeper-than-anticipated decline in mission-critical sales amid a more cautious spending environment and weakening server demand, while the client and consumer markets reflect the typical seasonal demand patterns. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business increased 14% sequentially to $256 million, a bright spot for the quarter. As anticipated, we grew sales for our enterprise system as component supply constraints continue to improve and we expand our market coverage. Moving to our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the March quarter was $347 million reflecting lower revenue and a less favorable mix than what we anticipated. Underutilization cost of approximately $75 million, similar to the prior quarter but higher than we were originally forecasting as we delayed the start in production to later in the quarter, as noted at the recent investor conference. Accounting for risk and underutilization cost, which translates into more than 400 basis points of margin headwind, we recorded non-GAAP gross margin of 18.7% compared with 21.4% in the prior quarter. Based on our current outlook, we expect underutilization costs to improve in the June quarter, even if production output remained well below the year ago level. We expect both gross profit and gross margin to move higher as demand recovers towards the end of calendar year 2023 and our cost structure improvements are fully realized. We reduced non-GAAP operating expenses to $282 million, down $63 million year-over-year and $12 million sequentially. The year-on-year decline reflects our cost structure improvement actions to date, lower variable compensation as well as disciplined cost management. We expect non-GAAP OpEx in the June quarter to be similar to the March quarter. I would point out that our GAAP operating expenses for the March quarter included the $300 million reserve associated with the BIS settlement agreement and will be paid in quarterly installments of $15 million over the course of five years, starting in fiscal Q2 of 2024. We incurred non-GAAP tax expenses of $36 million in the March quarter. Our tax expense is largely based on a full year GAAP forecast by geography and allocated between the quarters based on expected profitability. We expect total non-GAAP tax expenses for fiscal year '23 to be approximately $45 million to $50 million. Based on diluted share count of approximately 207 million shares, GAAP loss per share for the March quarter were $2.09, which reflects the reserve that I mentioned earlier. Non-GAAP loss per share was $0.28. Moving to balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the March quarter with liquidity level of approximately $2.5 billion, including our revolving credit facilities. Inventory was relatively flat sequentially at $1.2 billion, consistent with our plans. We reduced capital expenditure to $54 million in the March quarter, down 22% sequentially. We expect CapEx to remain relatively flat in the June quarter. Free cash flow generation was $174 million, up slightly quarter-over-quarter and reflecting our ongoing focus to optimize free cash flow. We currently expect to generate positive free cash flow through calendar year 2023, dependent on the timing of restructuring costs. We used $145 million for the quarterly dividend and exited the quarter with 207 million shares outstanding. We are not currently planning to repurchase any share in the next several quarters, consistent with our near-term focus on optimizing cash balances. Our debt balance exiting the quarter was just below $6 billion, down $71 million quarter-over-quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the last 12 months totaled $1.3 billion, resulting in a gross debt leverage ratio of 4.5x. Since fiscal Q1 of '23, we have reduced debt by approximately $290 million. In fiscal Q4, we plan to further reduce debt by approximately $550 million. Interest expense in the March quarter was $81 million, and is expected to be similar in the June quarter. Turning to our outlook. In the context of the market challenges that we have outlined today, we expect the June quarter revenue to be in the range of $1.7 billion, plus or minus $150 million. We project incremental decline in the mass capacity business mainly driven by customer focus on inventory drawdown in our nearline cloud market. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the low to mid-single-digit range, which includes between $50 million and $60 million in underutilization cost, and we expect a non-GAAP loss in the range of $0.20 plus or minus $0.20. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. The past year has presented a set of challenges that have impacted Seagate and our industry to a degree not seen for more than a decade. As our outlook and commentary today demonstrate, we believe that we are still a couple of quarters away from seeing a positive turn in demand for data storage. However, there are a few key takeaways that underpin our confidence in the business and our long-term potential. We are aggressively managing through this environment and taking appropriate actions to generate positive free cash flow, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance future profitability, all while executing our technology road map. To that end, we have continued to prioritize investments on our HAMR product road map. These drives offer the highest density, most cost-efficient mass capacity drive storage, which we believe translates into a competitive advantage for our customers, and we are focused on driving appropriate returns for the value we are delivering. And we continue to receive indications from our customers that demand will pick up as the global economy improves. The secular drivers powering long-term demand for storage are intact, and this fact is at the root of the conversations we're having with customers across our key markets and geographies. I'd like to thank and recognize our global team for your resilience and perseverance through this challenging period. We are keeping our heads down and aim to make continued progress towards our goal as we move closer to market recovery. Thanks again for joining, and let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Dave, can you maybe help us understand kind of as we sit here today, what gives you the confidence to kind of talk about a recovery towards the end of the calendar year? I guess what I'm hearing from you is a worsening of demand in the last few weeks of the quarter, greater macro concerns amongst customers, obviously, challenges in the nearline market. And so like what data points are you seeing today? Or what are customers saying to you that gives you the confidence that the recovery will happen towards the end of the year as we sit here today? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Good. Thanks, Erik. As you alluded to, we've been anticipating a return to exabyte demand growth in the nearline for a few quarters, but what we saw coming out of the last quarter still reflects that there's too much inventory against just a very slow near-term mass capacity demand. I would say that the customers are spending money. They're not necessarily spending money on mass capacity storage right now, they may be spending on compute or other investments that they're choosing to make. And then as we look through into their data center behaviors, if you will, we're somewhat encouraged that the data continues to grow. So in the data centers, the drives that are in there are being strongly utilized. There are some drives that are living a little bit longer in data center applications, but there's also really compelling value propositions we're putting in front of them with higher capacity drives like 30-plus terabytes and new features that are coming that should drive adoption, and we should get a refresh. So as all of these things need to be factored into our planning, they're all important. But the most important thing right now is this reflects kind of our sentiment coming out of last quarter is we don't want to push too much in, especially the older technology products. We want to really stage ourselves for the new technology products and make sure that, that inventory flows through. Timing is everything, exactly to your point. But I do think with the way data is growing, the evidence that we have, the data is growing. Even anecdotally, I can talk about Seagate's IT, we can see the data growing in the cloud much further than our projections were a long time ago, and this is fairly consistent with discussions that I have with CIOs and other fellow travelers. I do think that we're not at peak cloud or anything like that. I think the cloud applications are growing tremendously in data size, and it's just a prioritization issue that we're in the middle of right now. So we just focused on taking actions to further manage the downturn like cost and footprint and still to keep driving the technology leadership so we're there when markets recover. That's how we think we can create the best foundation to quickly move back into the targeted financial range when the demand resumes.
Erik Woodring: Okay. And then I guess, Luca, I know you mentioned talking about paying down the $540 million maturity in June. But can you maybe just help us understand some of your sources and uses in cash over the next, let's call it, 6 to 12 months, how you're thinking about your liquidity situation, just given your leverage is kind of quickly kind of creeping up towards that 5x number. And then, for example, how are you thinking about the stability of your dividend, any potential drawdown of your revolver, adjustments to covenants? Maybe if you could just unpackage that a bit, that would be helpful for us.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Thank you, Erik. Well, we renegotiated our covenants in the December quarter. We have paid down already a big part of our debt between December and even the March quarter. As you said, we already discussed about the repayment coming in June about $550 million. So we are very focused on reducing the debt as to the leverage. We are generating free cash flow -- positive free cash flow every quarter until now. So part of that free cash flow is also going to help with the repayment of the debt. We have other sources that we are looking at. One of those that we discussed in the past is some sales and leaseback of nonmanufacturing buildings that we are working on right now. So all this will help with our debt covenants. And if we need to do more, we can do more.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom O'Malley of Barclays.
Tom O'Malley: I just wanted to dive a little bit into the dynamics of the full year. I think you just said that you expect some declines in nearline for the next several quarters. Just given the size of how big that end market is for you guys, do you expect any sequential growth for the remainder of this calendar year? And if so, are you getting that with about a VIA market or a recovery in Legacy? Can you just walk through the puts and takes of total revenue and when you may see that inflection given the new outlook?
Dave Mosley: So a few points. I would say that the next quarter will be fairly muted as what we just described. I do think that there will be exabyte growth as we -- I'll say, late in this calendar year as we get towards the end of the calendar year. That comes from many cloud service providers in the world that are getting through their digestion phase, if you will. Because again, there's a lot of data that we get from them about utilization rates being high inside the data centers and data continuing to grow. So I do think this is going to be over at some point. Relative to the VIA markets and maybe the broader macro, we're not really calling the end of any macro uncertainty as part of this, but we do think that some of the investments that have been put off and put off for quite some time may actually come back at the -- towards the back half of the year. So there's positive sentiment. It hasn't translated into POs yet, but that's the way we're feeling about it. And only one other point that I would make there is that inside of the cloud workloads that we see, the data growth is actually fairly profound. So I think people can make trade-offs with older drives that they have running and throwing data away and things like that, but at some point, the world runs out of gas. We all know it's -- we're creating more and more data all the time in the form of videos and communications and AI and things like that are all going to need the data. So we're just really focused on making the space for it. I don't think the world can deal with this kind of supply and demand imbalance for very long, but we need to take the actions that we are taking on the supply side to make sure that we're not waiting too long.
Tom O'Malley: Got it. And then the second one is for Gianluca. Just on the gross margin side, underutilization charges went up slightly quarter-over-quarter, and you kind of laid out what the charges would be for the guided quarter. But in terms of the impact to gross margin, gross margins are down substantially more than the impact on the map that I'm doing in underutilization. Obviously, there's some revenue impact as well. But could you talk to -- is it just mix with VIA being a bit higher in mass capacity? Is there any pricing pressure that you're seeing from the nearline customers? Could you just walk through why you're seeing more gross margin pressure than just the underutilization charges?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So I would say the March quarter, of course, has some mix impact also. For example, mission-critical was sequentially down. And as you know, it has a good gross margin generation. VIA was also sequentially down. So we had a couple of segments that are, let's say, above average gross margin in March because of seasonality we're down. So we see that recovering actually in the June quarter. As you said, there is also some pricing pressure, especially through the end of the quarter with no certain customers. We decided to take some of those deals, and we decided to take -- not to take other deals. And so this is what we are focusing on, trying to keep a supply-demand balance where we can. This is why we are doing another restructuring action. We want to keep the capacity that we have internally aligned to the short-term demand and then, of course, in the longer term, keeping that balance in a way that there is not too much pricing pressure to Seagate and to the industry in general.
Dave Mosley: Tom, I would add on to that. Just you can see the pricing stress in the -- fairly readily in the dollar per terabyte trends. And so that's why we have to be very discerning about what deals we're taking. But I think it's reflective of a world where manufacturers are just trying to convert inventory back to cash as quickly as they can. And our answer long term has got to be don't build too much so that we don't get ourselves into that position and then focus on a transition to a more substantial value proposition like higher capacity or lower cost like VIA, the areal density gains that we might have and we apply that to lower capacity drives, just in order to rebuild the margin for ourselves and for the industry.
Operator: The next question comes from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: I was wondering if you could just maybe talk about the outlook and pricing as well. It seems like your time line for nearline demand recovery is kind of late in the year, HAMR shipments starting like in volume, maybe early next year. In the interim, clearly, like memory pricing, NAND demand, NAND pricing has been also under significant pressure. So would you say that -- as you're thinking about this comment about gross margin improvement as you go through the course of the year, is that predicated on stable pricing, improving or worsening pricing? Any color you can share? And do you think that, that pricing environment could deteriorate a lot more as you go through the course of the year? And I'll follow up.
Dave Mosley: I'll let Gianluca talk about the restructuring because I think that's a significant part of your question. But I would say relative to the pricing environment, this is really where -- we believe we have good products that 20 terabytes to mid-20 capacity points and not -- there's not great demand right now, but we have good products that we can yield and so on. The way out of it, of course, is to continue the areal density gains into the mid-30s and we get the chance to reset things a little bit. From my perspective, the demand environment is so low that the way pricing becomes more strained is when we overbuild. And so that's what we have to make sure that we don't do because we can't continue to stress ourselves and our cash that way. So we just have to wait this thing out a little bit. So Gianluca, if you want to talk about the first part.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. A good part of the improvement in our gross margin starting fiscal Q1 is related to the restructuring actions that we are taking right now. We said it is about $200 million annualized savings. And it will be fully realized probably through the end of fiscal Q1. The plan is based on the current visibility of pricing. As you know, that can change. And we are trying to reduce our capacity so that we build the right level of products for the current demand, and we take out some pressure from pricing.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks for that color. And if I could follow up, Gianluca, on the comments around positive free cash flow for the remainder of the year. Your free cash flow and EBITDA levels have the potential to deteriorate from current levels. And when we look at that on an LTM basis, it does get you pretty close to your existing covenants. I know you mentioned certain actions that you can take on sale leaseback and other elements. But how should investors think about the dividend in this context, given that you have some cash restructuring charges coming up, you do have other uses of cash as well? I know you are paying down debt. But in the context of dividend, should investors think that's pretty secure as we go through the course of this year? Or is that going to be another lever to use to balance the cash sources and uses for you?
Gianluca Romano: Seagate has always been very focused on shareholder return. As you know, we have suspended share buyback based on the current economic situation, but we have protected our dividend. We think we can reduce our leverage in the next few quarters or already discussed that leverage level with our banks. But I'll say until now, we have always protected our dividend.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I'd say, Wamsi, that I'm proud of who we've been. If you look just over the last 15 years when we came up with some of the policies that we're talking about, I'm really proud of what have we been able to return value to shareholders. Times are tough right now. We have a lot of levers that we can look at, I think, over time. But we want to continue to be that company that we have been. So we're factoring this into all of our discussions right now what our priorities are, trying to keep the exact same priorities we've always had for shareholders. And one of the reasons why we're being really aggressive on the cuts that we are, we're also as aggressively trying to turn some of the assets that we have into cash. We'll continue to look at all those options.
Operator: The next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I had two. So Gianluca, just on free cash flow. So are you implying that it's going to be positive for the June quarter? Because you did extend payables a lot in March, and you'd probably have to bring that down maybe 25 days or so. So it seems like maybe June free cash flow could be quite a bit negative. So what's the message on June and particularly around cash flow?
Gianluca Romano: We see June still a positive free cash flow. Of course, we need also to look at the exact timing of the payment for the restructuring actions. But in our plan, we have positive free cash flow for June.
Timothy Arcuri: You do. Okay. Okay. Then I guess I had a bigger-picture question. So Dave, in your prepared remarks, you talked about some evaluation of the longer-term capacity needs for the business and that's kind of a new angle. And we've gone from a year ago, thinking that the industry didn't have enough capacity, and now we're thinking about having too much on a structural basis. So I guess, can you talk about that and maybe in the context of that, just given how low NAND pricing has gone, we're now basically at cash cost. Is there a risk that there's some cannibalization happening now in nearline? And sort of what's the TCO difference in SSD and nearline now and data center? Is that part of what's driving you to talk about maybe rethinking what the longer-term capacity needs are for the business?
Dave Mosley: Okay. Let me address that second problem -- or the second question first. No is the answer to that question. I think we believe that some of the SSD pricing that we're seeing is unsustainable, fundamentally unsustainable. It might go on for a while, but it's unsustainable. So we're not really factoring that into our calculation for exabyte demand over time. I don't think -- even at the rates that we're seeing today, our ability to continue to take cost out and deliver more terabytes over time is going to keep us with a substantial gap to any competing technology. I will say that your question is super appropriate. It's -- over the last year, industry hasn't been putting on capacity. There are suppliers that we have that are unfortunately bearing the brunt of this and they're still assessing their own investments or consolidating the factories and things like that. So from an equipment perspective, there's less capacity than there was a year ago. But definitely, from a people perspective, there's less capacity than there was a year ago because of significant people takedowns, which we know is really hard and nobody wants to do, and that capacity can recover but not quickly. So if you start staring out a year from now, does the industry have the same amount of capacity that it did a year ago? The answer is no. Theoretically, it can grow back, but it's a matter of time and investment. And from my perspective, the biggest thing we're focused on is the lead times are so long on some of the starts, for example, wafer starts that we have for the new products that we're making sure the customers understand that it's not going to snap back and we better have discussions right now about what the true demand that they they're going to need fulfilled out there a year from now. In some sense, the kind of consumer behavior where you say, I don't need to buy any for a while and then I can go -- always go to the store and get some. That's the -- but I think it will be challenged because I think that's what a lot of enterprises are kind of assuming to make their models look okay right now. And that's why the factory workers are getting strained. But we're going to have to navigate our way through this and be as communicative as we can. I don't think the industry capacity is what it was a year ago. And I think if you don't tell us now, then it may actually be even more stressful for you a year from now.
Operator: The next question comes from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo.
Dave Mosley: Aaron, we can't hear you.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Sorry about that, guys. Can you hear me?
Dave Mosley: Yes, yes.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Sorry about that. I guess I got two real quick. Dave, just on the heels of that last question, I'm just curious of if you're asked kind of the longer-term growth of nearline capacity shift trends, where do you think that is today? Like as we come out of this, do you think we -- maybe I will stop there. What do you think that long-term capacity shift growth trend looks like now?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It's an interesting question because I think if we go back a couple of years, you remember there was a stall and then there was an enormous growth pop back. I think it's not going to happen like that again. I mean, from an exabyte perspective, if by that time, we're on mid-3 terabytes per disc or even potentially 4 terabytes per disc that our exabyte output is going to be significantly higher at better economics for us as well. But will we have enough capacity for everyone all at the time? I think the answer to that is probably no. So -- and I don't think we'll see the magnitude of the swing that we did before. Maybe we can't from theoretical demand, but I don't think there's going to be supply right now because of the stresses that are going on in the industry. And the fact that people just can't start materials, they won't have a whole lot of inventory, they won't have a whole lot of materials, they won't be leaning forward into some of those really great value propositions nearly as hard because they just can't do that speculatively on long lead times. So it's actually an interesting problem set versus what it was a few years ago.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. And then the follow-up question, just trying to think about gross margin kind of normalizing itself or, I guess, taken another way, if we kind of think about the progression of lifting out the underutilization charge, appreciate you're not guiding beyond this next quarter. But as I look back in time, when I look back and say, hey, if this model gets back to total capacity shipment levels of 150 exabytes a quarter, 130 exabytes a quarter. How do we think about that relative to lifting out the underutilization charges in the P&L?
Gianluca Romano: Well, of course, it depends on what will be the capacity installed at that point. As you know, we are reducing capacity right now. So gross margin, what we see today for the next several quarters is despite the short-term decline in revenue, we guided in a way that is implying an improvement in gross margin already in the June quarter. So I think that will continue for the next several quarters. And of course, as Dave was saying before, demand weakened it and capacity will be at a certain level, and hopefully, supply and demand will be well balanced. And we have to manage this short-term demand decline. But again, we are ready to do it. We have done that in the past, and we think we know how to do it.
Aaron Rakers: So underutilization charges continue beyond the June quarter through the back half of the calendar year?
Gianluca Romano: We will have some, I think, also in September. But it is declining sequentially.
Dave Mosley: And some of that is a reset to fixed and variable cost as well, Aaron. So I think as we look forward, we have to project what we think the supply that we'll need to meet that demand is, of course, and we'll be adjusting and trimming as need be.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: Yes. I was hoping to maybe drill down a little bit deeper on the nearline outlook. If you think about your vision three months ago versus today, obviously a change. And I guess I was hoping you could kind of isolate between cloud, enterprise and China and maybe rank order the change statements there in terms of the slowdown as well as from an end demand overall perspective versus just realizing that there's just too much inventory downstream, and that's what kind of caught you by surprise. So I would love to hear kind of maybe the moving parts there. And if you could prioritize what has really driven the change, that would be helpful.
Dave Mosley: Good. Thanks, C.J. I think it is good to break it down in a few different pieces. The most relevant, obviously, is the major cloud service providers around the world, and there are a few different behaviors depending on geography and so on. If I think about the big applications in the cloud, they are growing a lot. I think right now, there are priorities being made on compute and their priorities being made on other investments. And then there's people questioning business models and all of that just takes time to sort out, but the data keeps growing. So I think that's largely what we're seeing. We would have forecast six months ago that we would be coming out of it by now, just based on all these trends and run rates, and I think people can always hold on for another three months or six months. They can't hold on much longer than that. So that's the way I think about the major cloud service providers. The difference -- but Mike, the subtle difference might be in China, where you've got cloud providers there that really have been kind of on a pause for quite a while and are starting to get a little bit more optimistic, again, like I said -- I alluded to earlier, not necessarily purchase orders just yet, but get a little bit more optimistic about their investments. And so that's a watch item for when that might come back. On the enterprise side, I know there's a lot of discussion about servers and other componentry. From our perspective, data does continue to grow on-prem. There are stressed budgets in the CIO's world today. But I think some of the offerings are actually pretty efficient right now. So I do think for totally different reasons -- well, unless you consider macro being the underlying driver of everything, I think the on-prem enterprise is going to take six months probably as well. I do think that there's not too much inventory there. So we've got anecdotal evidence that, that inventory has been well managed. And so if there's an opportunity to break north into some of those investments, we could go necessarily quicker.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And I guess as my follow-up to Gianluca, thinking about liquidity. You talked about intention to pay down the debt that's coming due in June. Curious how you're thinking about gross cash? And is there a plan today to draw on the revolver? Or that's TBD depending on kind of the free cash flow generation into June and September?
Gianluca Romano: No. I think our cash balance will be fairly stable at the end of the quarter compared to the end of March. So I don't think we need to use the -- we don't need to use the revolver. Now sometimes, we use a revolver during the quarter to cover for a few weeks. But in terms of cash balance, I think, it will be fairly similar to what we had at the end of March.
Operator: The next question comes from Krish Sankar of TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: My first one is for Gianluca. Just wanted to follow up on HAMR. How much of a drag is it on margins today? And when do you think it will improve towards the corporate average? Is it just purely a function of volume in eve that helps you improve HAMR margins? And then is the long-term gross margin target still 30% to 33% baking in HAMR? Then I have a follow-up for Dave.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Well, I would say right now, we are very happy with how we are progressing with HAMR. As we said in the prepared remarks, we are shipping products for Qual, so right now, we don't have revenue coming from HAMR. So it's not really impacting our gross margin. But we think, of course, in the future, 3 terabyte per disk or 3.5 terabyte per disk and 4 terabytes per disk, those are very interesting propositions for our customers, and we think will be actually a very profitable gross margin improvement for Seagate, which is why this product is so important to us. And in general, in the longer term for the entire industry.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Very helpful. And then a follow-up for Dave. Sorry, just to come back to this SSD versus HDD dynamic. I agree with you that the NAND prices are unsustainably low. But if you look at like the last down cycle, the SSD prices are almost 8x higher than HDD on a per gigabyte basis. Now it's more like 2x to 4x. So that gap is definitely closing. So I'm kind of curious, when you talk to your cloud customers, is it a bigger -- how does that discussion progress? And is that a certain part of your weak pricing per terabyte? Or is it part of your weak demand from cloud customers? Or I'm just kind of curious about it.
Dave Mosley: No, I would say when you get into mass capacity, the highest capacity points, I don't subscribe to the notion it's 2x to 4x. I think it's significantly higher than that. And we'll have an ability to continue to drive to better and better value propositions as we add more capacity per drive through the transitions that we're talking about. So what I would say is that right now, demand is low for everyone. And so what you see, the dynamics you see is just manufacturers trying to take some of their cash that they've tied up in inventory and turn it back into cash as quickly as possible. And if you start to look and say that's below cost or something like that, hopefully, people stop doing that and try to look for other options. And that's exactly how we're thinking about ourselves as well, right, to make sure you don't build. So I think in that kind of environment, it's really hard to extrapolate on trends, exactly to your point, Krish. I think some of these other things that we're comparing against are unsustainable. They're going to have to re-equilibrate at some point. I don't know exactly when that is. The more we push into the value chains, the more we push inventory in there, the more people will build buffers and then continue that. So I think that's one of the reasons why from our not hole in defense, we've continued -- we've decided to really pull back on our builds and reduce our footprint.
Operator: The next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: I had one for Dave and then one quick one for Gianluca as well. So Dave, I know it's a bit of a black box, but I was hoping you could give kind of your assessment of nearline inventory -- or customer inventory in the nearline market relative to six months ago, 12 months ago, what's your view there? And when you compare and contrast what you're selling into the nearline space versus what's truly being consumed, what's the percentage delta at the moment?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It's actually an interesting thing because if I normally talk about inventory like distribution channel inventory, for example, I'll look at weeks of supply or something like that. But then that's -- is that based on the last four weeks or 13 weeks? I mean, if we base things on a couple of years ago, the demand is low and there's not too much inventory out there based on the run rates of number of drives that were a few years ago. Even on exabytes, the demand is fairly low -- or sorry, the inventory is fairly low. But I will say that most cloud service providers need to have some inventory around based on the data center populations they're -- the new data center buildouts they're doing and the refresh the spares that they need and things like that. So they normally need to have a few months of inventory anyway. It's more than a few months right now, but it's not significantly more. And the gross number of drives is not huge, I think. So that's the way I think about it. The exabyte growth will be substantial coming some time and what we've got to do is just make sure we're not pushing any more into those chains. But I don't know if a good way to think about it is really three months or six months like we might want to say because if you go back two years historically on the number of drives that were being pulled by people, that's -- it's not really six months. It's probably more like 3.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then any view on sell-in versus end consumption? Or is that too hard to really see.
Dave Mosley: Yes, here's what I'd say is that we see a lot of the new drives, the higher capacity drives going into replacing lower capacity drives, obviously, but the lower capacity drives get put into other purpose applications as well. So I think drives are living longer, but there's still going to be demand for higher capacity drives, especially just the efficiency that you get out of that in the data centers. And then there's new data center buildout as well. So I actually think that this is not a problem of not needing any product. This is a problem of reshuffling priorities inside of the data centers and getting ready for the next level of data center expansion.
Toshiya Hari: That makes sense. And then Gianluca, on gross margins, longer term, obviously, you've had this target of 30% to 33%, if I'm not mistaken. You're obviously significantly below that today, but as you think about the path towards your long-term model over the next four-eight quarters, given the reduction to manufacturing footprint that you're executing to, what sort of quarterly revenue run rate would you need to be at to be at that, call it, 30% range? I assume it's lower than where you were about a year ago, which was about $3 billion, a little bit below $3 billion.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, of course, depends also from the mix and other factors. But as you said, we are taking a lot of cost actions. So what we also said last quarter is when we go back to the prior level of revenue that we picked at about $3 billion, we expect gross margin to be actually better than what it was at that time. So we are still confident in the medium and long term. We are taking actions to be even stronger when we come out from this down cycle. And we are executing our road map. We are executing all our cost reviews, and we think we are ready for the recovery of this up cycle when it comes.
Shanye Hudson: And operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. So I have two quick ones, one on the HAMR side. It sounds like high volume is starting in early '24 to your plan. Can you give us any goalpost in terms of when you expect to hit a certain unit volume on a quarterly basis and maybe when you expect HAMR to be gross margin accretive, and maybe at what kind of volume level? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think Sidney, our gross margins are going to come back based on demand. I don't know that we can really break it out based on HAMR transition right now because there's so many other dynamics. But we are aggressively filling the pipeline full of the product, working on the yields and scrap that we need to get down. Very, very confident in the technology. So thanks for the question. I would say we'll hit what I'll consider a significant volume ramp in early 2024. And then we're going to continue to ramp from there because we have that much confidence.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe a follow-up question is on the demand side. It seems like you're more optimistic about the enterprise market as compared to the cloud market. Do you expect further correction in the enterprise market, maybe -- or maybe just a U-shaped recovery, considering comments from some of the storage OEMs seem to be quite subdued and it looks like they are just going through the domain collection in their -- it's still in the early stages for them.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think the only subtlety to your comment is I would say that my comments earlier were about inventory. There's just not too much inventory out there in those chains. So when we did start to see some recovery, I think there's room for the inventory to repopulate. I know -- to your point, I know that people are talking about a fairly subdued summer at least, maybe no recovery until the back half in there, and so we are watching that. I do think there's -- unlike some of the other markets where we look at maybe too much inventory to be digested, I don't think that's necessarily the case there. It's been managed better.
Operator: The next question comes from Ananda Baruah of Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Just two quick ones, I'll ask them at the same time here. One might be more of a clarification. Dave, when you talk about you believe -- and it was the question about, I think, sort of sequential growth at some point later in the year. When you say towards the end of the year, you think demand will pick up again. Is that to say you think December quarter could see exabyte up sequentially. I guess, does that also mean the implications you think the September quarter would be down sequentially? And then I have a quick follow-up -- I'll leave that there and I have a quick follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think -- Ananda thanks for the question. I think it's a little too early to guide. I mean I think we're still, frankly, digesting. We're just telling people what we're building. I do think at some point, exabytes pick up, of course, right? And if we want to think about the December quarter or something like that, that's fine because I think there should be some pickup, barring any other macro issues or something, but it's too early to guide, I think, very specific. What we're doing right now is curtailing the build.
Ananda Baruah: And the quick follow-up is on the BIS dynamics, is there a revenue impact we should take into account now as well with that invested?
Dave Mosley: No, no revenue impact.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Andrea. As you heard today, Seagate's acting with speed and agility to manage through a tough near-term market environment. At the same time, we're executing our strong mass capacity product road map that positions us to serve our customers and improve Seagate's financial performance. I just want to close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support, and thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our second quarter fiscal 2023 on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot easily be predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from contained in or implied those by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. Regarding the matter raised by the proposed charging letter from the U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security, or BIS, Seagate maintains that it has complied with all relevant export control laws and regulations. We've been cooperating with BIS and engaging in discussions with BIS to seek a resolution. Please note that we won't be addressing questions regarding this matter on today's call, but we'll provide additional updates as appropriate moving forward. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. Let me now turn the call over to you, Dave, for opening remarks.
Dave Mosley : Thanks, Shayne. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Seagate delivered on what we set out to do in the December quarter, and I'm proud of our team's accomplishments amid this tough business environment. Revenue and non-GAAP EPS came in slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range and free cash flow generation increased by more than 50% quarter-over-quarter. We are managing well what is in our control and executed on the actions we outlined on our October call. We retired more than $200 million in debt, strengthening our balance sheet. We lowered operational costs by realizing a meaningful portion of the expected savings from our restructuring efforts. We reduced capital expenditures by more than 40% sequentially while still accelerating the launch and development schedules for new mass capacity products, and we adjusted our factory production output to support strong supply discipline as demand recovers.  These actions, we believe, put Seagate on solid footing to weather the near-term industry dynamics while continuing to make the technology investments to meet our customers' evolving needs and thrive over the long term. Relative to market conditions, three primary external factors have been impacting our business over the past several months. The COVID-related economic slowdown in China, the work down of nearline HDD inventories among U.S. cloud and global enterprise customers under a more cautious demand environment and macro-related disruptions primarily impacting our consumer-facing markets. These factors remained at play during the December quarter and weighed heavily on the mass capacity markets, resulting in a 10% sequential decline in mass capacity revenue.  Having said that, we are already seeing some encouraging indicators. Within China, we believe first steps toward recovery are being implemented through government policies aimed at improving economic conditions including the faster-than-expected reversal of zero COVID restrictions and a show of confidence following the policy shift several major banks raised their 2023 outlook for China's GDP. We expect it will take time for consumers and businesses to work through disruptions related to the COVID policy pivot and for the economy to fully reopen.  Based on our customer conversations, we anticipate regional sales into the VIA and nearline markets to remain subdued in the March quarter and gradually improve as the calendar year unfolds. We will continue to monitor demand signals and expect to gain a better picture following the Lunar New Year celebrations. Turning to the U.S. cloud and enterprise markets. Customers have focused on working down the HDD inventory levels that were built up during the pandemic as non-HDD component shortages created inventory imbalances. We believe some progress has been made in recent months supported by an improvement in non-HDD component availability. While inventory adjustments are customer-by-customer event, and ongoing macro uncertainties have led to more cautious near-term buying decisions, we expect nearline sales will improve slightly in the current quarter, particularly for our high-capacity drives. Our view is supported by the ongoing adoption of our 20-plus terabyte family of nearline products, which represented close to 60% of nearline exabyte shipments in the December quarter and is expected to trend even higher in the current quarter. Relative to our products, we are seeing a wider variety of nearline capacity points and configurations being adopted across our customer base, depending on their specific data center architectures, workloads and application needs. Seagate is well equipped to address these individual unique requirements with our deep customer relationships and broad technology portfolio, spanning traditional perpendicular recording technology or PMR drives to performance-oriented dual actuator products to TCO enhancing SMR technology. In addition to our device portfolio, Seagate's Systems business offers cost-efficient, scalable petabyte solutions for both enterprise and cloud customers. While system sales were down sequentially off of a very strong September quarter, we captured a record number of new customer wins with our CORVAULT products. CORVAULT offers features such as self-healing, autonomous drive regeneration, which increases productivity while reducing electronic waste. The momentum that we're seeing across the systems business supports revenue to move higher in fiscal 2023. Our strong product pipeline is underpinned by the technology advancements we're bringing to market. We are leveraging our technology leadership to scale drive capacities through aerial density gains rather than additional heads and disks. As a result, we can deliver our trademark TCO advantages to customers with attractive margin opportunities for Seagate. Our 20-terabyte product features 2 terabyte per disk capacities and we have started to ramp the volume of 22 terabyte products deployed on 2.2 terabyte per disk capacities. The 20-plus terabyte platform is based on traditional PMR technology. And some customers are choosing to enable SMR technology as an additional feature that slightly increases the drives capacity for certain applications. In the December quarter, about 35% of our nearline exabyte shipments were deployed as SMR drives. We are executing plans to deliver another 10% gain in per disk capacity for this PMR platform to offer drives in the mid- to upper 20 terabyte range. However, I'm most excited made on our HAMR technology. It was nearly four years ago to the day that I first shared our lab results demonstrating 3 terabyte per disk capacities. And today, we have demonstrated capacities of 5 terabytes per disk in our recording physics labs. In the current market environment, we've been taking advantage of our reduced factory utilization to accelerate cycles of learning around HAMR productization. We are meeting or exceeding all product development milestones and reliability metrics, and we will be shipping prequalification units to key cloud customers in the coming weeks. As a result of this progress, we now expect to launch our 30-plus terabyte platform in the June quarter, slightly ahead of schedule. The speed of the initial HAMR volume ramp will depend on a number of factors, including product yields and customer qualification time lines. However, we plan to use our systems business to quicken the pace of learning and time to yield. Our tremendous progress reinforces my confidence in HAMR products and our ability to execute. These innovations were only possible through the hard work and dedication of our global team, and I would like to thank them for their many efforts. Our multi-decade focus on HAMR R&D and our innovation across all facets of drive production have resulted in a development advantage that we believe is measured in years, and we're excited by our collaborations with cloud customers on HAMR capabilities. The technology innovations driving aerial density higher will deliver strong and consistent cost reductions at the highest drive capacities and enable future cost-efficient refreshes of our mid-range capacity drives. We believe these products serve as the foundation to expand our margin profile back into and possibly beyond the long-term target range. Wrapping up, Seagate is executing with speed and agility through the near-term macro challenges. We've made meaningful improvements to our cost structure and balance sheet while steadily advancing our product and technology road maps. With signs starting to emerge that market conditions could improve as we progress through the calendar year, Seagate is well positioned with an industry-leading mass capacity portfolio that we believe supports the return to our long-term financial model over time. Thanks, and I'll now turn the call over to Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate is navigating through the near-term macroeconomic cross-currents and executed to plan in the December quarter. We delivered top and bottom line results that came in slightly above the midpoint of our guidance ranges, revenue of $1.89 billion and non-GAAP earnings of $0.16 per share. Our actions to reduce costs, strengthen the balance sheet and improve long-term profitability have yielded desired outcomes, including a continuation of positive free cash flow generation, without sacrificing investment necessary to extend our technology leadership. Total hard disk drive shipments were 113 exabytes in the December quarter, down 5% quarter-over-quarter, with HDD revenue declining 6% sequentially to $1.7 billion. Multiple factors led to an expected decline in the mass capacity business, including the inventory correction among cloud and enterprise customers, COVID-related disruption in China and Seagate own action to reduce production. Mass capacity sales were offset by a slight seasonal improvement in the legacy market.  Shipment into mass capacity markets totaled 97 exabytes, down 7% quarter-over-quarter. Of this total, roughly 82% were derived from nearline products, shifting to cloud and enterprise OEM customers. Nearline shipments of 80 exabytes were down 6% sequentially and roughly 30% of our recent high. We believe the actions we have taken to quickly adjust our production output have aided customers to start making progress in working down their inventory levels.  The degree of progress varied from customer to customer and notwithstanding the current macroeconomic uncertainties, we would expect it will take a few more months to reach more normalized inventory level across the customer base. On a revenue basis, mass capacity sales were down 10% sequentially to $1.2 billion, reflecting the nearline trend that I just described as well as lower demand in the VIA market. As we expected, the prolonged economic slowdown in China continued to impact sales of our VIA products, and we did not see the typical seasonal pickup in sales during the December quarter. As Dave mentioned earlier, the Chinese government is taking action to boost the country economy, including the rapid reversal of COVID policy restrictions. It will take time for these changes to take effect. And while still early, emerging customer dialogue support these encouraging leading indicators. As a result, we anticipate conditions to gradually improve over the next couple of quarters. Within the legacy market, revenue was $421 million, up 8% sequentially, primarily driven by a seasonal uptick in consumer demand, although a more subdued level compared to prior year. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business was $224 million, down 15% sequentially, reflecting the expected decline in our enterprise system business following a very strong September quarter. Overall, we are making great strides in growing the system business, increasing sales of our branded channel products and building customer momentum with our CORVAULT self-healing technology. While we are continuing to navigate lingering supply constraint for a couple of system components, we expect non-HDD revenue to improve through the remainder of the fiscal year. Moving to our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the December quarter was $403 million. Embedded in that figure are the underutilization costs associated with lowering production output to support inventory reduction, both as a customer and on our own balance sheet. Underutilization costs of $79 million were somewhat higher than we had projected at the onset of the December quarter and translated into a 420 basis points of margin headwind. Accounting for risk costs, non-GAAP gross margin was 21.4%, down from 24.5% in the prior quarter. Based on our current outlook, we are planning to begin ramping production output in the March quarter, sometime after the Lunar New Year. Cost and efficiencies associated with restarting and ramping of production are expected to largely offset the benefit of lower underutilization costs for the March quarter. However, as demand recovers in the coming quarters, we expect both gross profit and gross margin to move higher. We significantly reduced non-GAAP operating expenses to $294 million, down $20 million quarter-over-quarter due to savings associated with our restructuring plans and proactive expense management. We expect quarterly non-GAAP OpEx to remain around the $300 million level through the balance of the fiscal year 2023. Based on the diluted share count of approximately 207 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the December quarter was $0.16.  Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. We executed planning action to strengthen our balance sheet over the near term. We ended the December quarter with a liquidity level of approximately $2.5 billion, including our revolving credit facilities, flat with the prior quarter. We believe these levels are sufficient to support our strategic plans and meet customer demand. We drove a significant reduction in inventory to approximately $1.2 billion, down $400 million from the prior quarter, reflecting our effort to work down strategic inventory and finished goods. We expect inventory to remain around this level over the next couple of quarters, but we'll continue to focus on aligning our supply chain and finished good level to the prevailing demand environment. We reduced capital expenditures to $79 million, down 41% quarter-over-quarter. CapEx is expected to trend lower through the second half of the fiscal year with total fiscal year expenditure below the long-term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue. Free cash flow generation was $172 million, up 54% sequentially with lower capital expenditure and a $51 million improvement in working capital. We expect free cash flow to remain positive throughout calendar year 2023 and more than sufficient to support our dividend program.  We used $145 million for the quarterly dividend. And as previously communicated, we paused our share repurchase program, exiting the quarter with 206 million shares outstanding. We are not currently planning to repurchase any share for the balance of the fiscal year, consistent with our near-term focus on optimizing cash flow through the current macro environment. Returning capital to shareholders remains an important aspect of our financial model, and we will assess resuming our program in fiscal 2024, depending on business conditions.  We lowered overall debt by approximately $220 million, largely through a debt exchange, requiring minimal cash outlay. Additionally, we successfully renegotiated our debt covenants to temporarily increase the leverage ratio to 5x. Our debt balance exiting the quarter was $6 billion, and adjusted EBITDA for the last 12 months totaled $1.6 billion, resulting in a gross debt leverage ratio of 3.8x. Interest expense in the December quarter was $77 million and is expected to be approximately $82 million for the March quarter, reflecting higher interest rate associated with the new debt. We continue to evaluate options related to debt structure and reducing interest expense. Turning to our outlook for the March quarter. The broader macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties continue to impact the business environment and shape of recovery. However, as indicated earlier, we are encouraged by the actions being taken to improve economic condition in Asia and the early indication with cloud and enterprise customer inventory levels are trending lower. As a result, we expect March quarter revenue to be in the range of $2 billion, plus or minus $150 million, up about 6% quarter-over-quarter at the midpoint. We project incremental improvement in the mass capacity business from cloud and enterprise customers and higher system sales to offset seasonally decline in the legacy market. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the mid- to upper single-digit range, which includes both underutilization costs and inefficiencies associated with the resuming production output. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.25, plus or minus $0.20. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley : Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate continues to demonstrate resilience in the most dynamic of times. We are executing on what is within our control, generating positive free cash flow and advancing our product road map. As I indicated earlier, we expect mass capacity market conditions to gradually improve as we progress through the calendar year, which supports stronger revenue and profitability in the back half of 2023. Longer term, we remain excited by the secular trends driving demand for mass capacity storage, and Seagate unique capabilities to capture these future growth opportunities. We are leveraging our aerial density leadership to increase capacity per disk, which we believe enables the most cost-efficient product solutions for mass capacity storage.  We will begin shipping products based on 3-plus terabyte per disk capacities in the coming months, which is up to 35% more than comparable drive capacities available today. Amid a challenging macro and industry backdrop, I'm incredibly proud of the partnerships and hard work from our suppliers, customers and our employees. Earlier this week, we published our fourth annual diversity, equity and inclusion report, which highlights how Seagate aims to build and support its global team. The principles outlined in this report are foundational to Seagate's technology innovations and long-term success. I encourage you to read the report in full on our website. I will conclude by thanking our shareholders for your ongoing support. Our objective remains taking the decisive steps to best position Seagate for long-term value creation.  Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O'Malley : Hi. Good evening, guys, and thanks for taking my question. My first question is just on the nearline market. You're talking about a slight recovery from a unit perspective in the March quarter, you may refer to exabytes. I guess you could clarify that first? And then can you just talk about what you're seeing there that gives you the confidence that, that's inflecting. In the December quarter, clearly, you saw other mass capacity accelerate pretty robustly based on the numbers you gave. But what are you seeing on the nearline side? And what gives you the confidence that the March and June quarters are going to be sequentially higher? Thank you.
Dave Mosley : Yes. Thanks, Tom. So it's a fairly tricky math, I think, is coming off of the back of last summer, where things we're going down, we actually turned off our factories and particularly biased ourselves against the older generation programs, and we're really more biased towards the higher capacity points of the 20 terabytes and so on, right? So there is -- I won't talk about units, but we'll talk about exabytes. We think that there's going to be some exabyte growth and that will flow through into revenue. It's still a fairly low time right now, historically, of course, but we are seeing traction, and we are having discussions with customers about what exactly they need. I think the way I think about the CSPs is there's very different business models across the CSPs. And even within each CSP, there's different application spaces and workloads and therefore, inventory, I'd say it that way. So it's fairly tricky. But what we really want to do is make sure that we're not building too much of the old products and really biasing towards the new products. I think to the extent that we have good visibility into the stuff that the CSPs are actually building through then that's what gives us the confidence towards a recovery in the second half of the calendar year.
Thomas O'Malley: Thank you. And then my second one is for Gianluca. You described, I think, $79 million of underutilization cost in the December quarter. When you look at the midpoint, I kind of know where guidance is, I'm getting gross margins slightly up, but you would expect with a better revenue, maybe a little more leverage. Can you just talk -- you talked about some costs associated with ramping up the factory post Lunar New Year. Would those costs kind of offset the comedown in underutilization costs? Just walk me through the puts and takes there, so I understand the gross margin implication? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano : Thank you, Tom. Yes, the March quarter is a bit complicated from a cost standpoint because we are starting the quarter with a fairly low level of production, so we will generate underutilization cost for the month of January and maybe also a little bit of February. After that, we will start ramping production. That is a good news. But for who is familiar with manufacturing, they know that ramping production has some inefficiencies. Now you need to restart the line, you need to recover those equipment, you have some additional scrap, lower yield. So for the first few weeks of a reramp has some costs associated. So when we put the two costs together, right now, we are assuming to come out fairly similar in terms of additional onetime cost of what we had in December. This improvement of the gross margin, of course, is coming from the VIA revenue and a little bit better level of production.
Thomas O'Malley: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Hadi Orabi: This is Hadi for Krish. Congrats on the strong results. [Indiscernible] is more short-term. First, your yields on HDD exabyte shipments were down year-over-year and Q2 well below the structural growth rate of 30%. At what point do you expect year-over-year growth above this…?
Dave Mosley: Sorry, Hadi, you're breaking up just a little bit. Could you repeat your question, give another try?
Hadi Orabi: Your new HDD exabyte shipments were down nearly 30% year-over-year and Q4. At what point do you expect that growth rate to turn positive year-over-year?
Dave Mosley: Okay, thanks. I think I understood, and we'll go forward here. The underutilization charges are the ones that are hurting us the most, I'll say, relative to turning of our factories and things like that. From my perspective, we're going to -- we took down the factories intentionally to make sure that didn’t build too much of the old stuff. So it's a 16 terabytes or 18 terabytes that where people are still consuming and then we're focused more on 20s and 22s and 24s and 30s and so on and so forth, like we talked about in the script. And that fills back up the factory. So I think that's the answer. You get more exabytes out and it's a better financial return as well. I think that answers your question.
Hadi Orabi: Yes. And do you guys have any color on when we should expect HAMR manufacturing yields to become close to corporate average? Is second half of calendar '23 reasonable?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I won't speculate on that right now other than I'll say that we're now in a position on HAMR that, that's exactly the problem we're working. No longer is it a question of whether or not the technology is viable, the parts that are out of the oven. And from our perspective, this is what we do really well as well, which has ramped high-volume production. We've got everybody and the team is focused on it, and we'll get there as fast as we possibly can.
Operator: And our next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring : Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Dave, just for you, great to see the continued confidence in the June HAMR launch. I'd love to know just kind of what the feedback is that you're getting from prospective customers. Clearly, we're in a more cautious macro environment we've heard the term like optimizing cloud spend more often. And so is this a technology and a capacity size that they're really pushing for now despite the slowdown that we're seeing in the market? Or are there other factors driving the timing of the launch? I would just love if you could unpackage that question. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Erik. I would say that the onus is really on us. It's a control of ours to make sure that we can drive the transition exactly to Hadi's question about get the yields up and get the production capability to where we want it. I like to think that somebody making a decision to build out a data center would much rather have a drive with 3x terabytes instead of 2x terabytes. And because that's such a great TCO proposition for them over the long haul. We have deep customer relationships, obviously, on this front. This is not a surprise to them. The results that we're showing in our labs are not a surprise either. So they're very well connected with us on it.  Where their spending profile might be muted, say, in the first half of this year because of all the issues that CSPs are going through, and they've shared some of those with us and they're the tough problems themselves. I do think that the secular demand for mass capacity in those data centers is still going to be huge. And we want to make sure that we're staging the absolute best value proposition for us and for them when we get there. So it's really ours to go drive.
Erik Woodring : Super. That's really helpful. And then Dave or Gianluca, I'm not sure. Can you just remind us exactly how we should think about the potential margin impact of launching HAMR and ramping that platform just as we think about, again, the next 12 months? And that's it for me. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Eric. I'll pass it over to Gianluca in a second, but it really does come down to yields and scrap. I mean, we're going to be targeting most of this at the highest capacity points, although there are opportunities in lower capacity points if we can take disks and heads out of already existing platforms in the 20s or teens, then we'll go do it. And we have to go work that through qualifications with our customers. That's how we get margin oxygen, if you will, back into the system. And so yields, scrap, our ability to go through the cycles inside of our factory, that those are the relevant parameters.
Gianluca Romano : Yes, HAMR is a new product. So we need to go through a little bit of the learning curve, something different from what we have done in the last several years. But as Dave said, Seagate is very good in the operation, in manufacturing. And therefore, we are very confident now we can have very good results, results that at a certain point will be similar to the PMR, but exactly when it's a bit difficult to say right now. So we are going step by step. But we are actually growing faster than what we were expecting. And as Dave said, we are ready for launching the product in the June quarter, but is a little bit before what we were discussing just three months ago.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the data coming out of -- just to pile on a little bit. The data coming out of the labs is really good, really encouraging. And to stave off some other comments or something that I would say that there's -- while there's added features in a HAMR drive versus a garden-variety PMR drive. Even PMR drives are fairly complicated themselves, there's no tectonic shift that causes major cost resets or things like that. There's things we have to go work, and that's what we do really well. We've worked these kinds of things over time to make sure we can stage other technology transitions, and we're all over this. We've been planning this for a long time.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman : Yes. Thanks, everyone. Good afternoon. Two questions, if I may. As it relates to the March quarter guide, it's great to see an improvement in revenue in March because seasonality is usually down a few points. But of course, nothing is seasonal at this point in time. But I guess, as it relates to that, you spoke about improvement within nearline. And so two-part questions to that. I guess, are cloud customers increasing or LTA baseline orders today going into March? And then second, are you beginning to see cloud customers procure orders for HAMR, would say, new or existing LTAs because I'm also curious how you look for signposts regarding the uplift of HAMR demand in anticipation of your launch?
Dave Mosley: It's a really interesting question, Karl. Let me try it this way. Usually, when supply is behind demand considerably, then you're having LTA discussions. But I think in the case of this, obviously, our suppliers have got challenges, we've got challenges. Even our customers have challenges. So I think it's really an entire supply chain that needs to co-plan together. And we've -- demand is low right now. There's plenty of supply. But I think we're all very mindful of cash and mindful of the financial outcomes that we want. Indeed, we are having LTA discussions still. The levels of the LTAs may not be reminiscent of what they were when you had demand for above supply. But I think the predictability is what we need to keep our factories running, to keep our people employed, getting paid and actually keeping the reinvestment so that we're out there with the right products and the right costs in those right times. Specifically to your HAMR question, I would say the answer is no at this point, but I think we could get there soon where we say HAMR is -- this is the volume ramp of HAMR at this customer, and then that becomes part of the LTA, but we're not there yet.
Gianluca Romano : We will have to go through the call. And then after the call, we start discussing about volumes with customers and eventually doing LTAs. 
Karl Ackerman : Understood. Thank you. If I may ask one more. I was -- one of the impression, your SMR drives were closer to 25% of your mix, you're suggesting it's close to 35% of your mix today, which is quite impressive. So I'm hoping you could discuss what sequential improvement you've seen in SMR drives this quarter and whether you are seeing better economics within this area of mass capacity? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks. I think there's a lot of confusion in the space on this, so let me try this. We've been shipping SMR since I think 2014, into the cloud. We also have shipped hundreds of millions of SMR drives on the client side. So SMR is a great technology add. If you can adopt it for very specific cloud applications, it can be quite complex. And so some places, people choose not to do it. Redeployment of drives, for example, from application to application becomes limited or there's a lot of inertia around it if you try to do that. So we have great SMR solutions. We've been working on this for years and years and years. If customers ask and if their applications desire, then we'll go there for them.  And so I really look at this as a customer by customer, sometimes application by application, specific ask for, say, a business unit or something like that, and we just react to it. And that's I don't think there's any big shift towards more SMR out of the Seagate portfolio. I think there are customers who, over time, are adopting more SMR, so that may be part of the reason for the trend that you talked about. But it's not something that's, I'll say, deliberately being pushed on our front. We look at it more as let’s just solve the problem for the customer.
Gianluca Romano : Yes, I would say on a quarterly basis, the percentage change based on the mix of our customers. So depending in which quarter, one customer can be a bit higher than another one, we can have a little bit more SMR or less. But for us, as Dave said, we have both is actually a fairly easy way for us to convert the PMR into an SMR. So just a matter of where the demand is in the specific quarter.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers : Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Two if I can as well. I guess the first question, you mentioned, obviously, in the numbers that you're shipping about 30% below what was the peak level seen a year or so ago. As we think about the efforts that you've made on rationalizing your production capacity, is there any way to gauge how we could think about what kind of fully utilization looks like on an exabytes ship basis as we move forward? Just trying to think about the trajectory based on that number relative to gross margin? What's kind of the capacity footprint that you guys have normalized to now?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Hi, Aaron, I think there's a couple of different answers to that question. Obviously, from an equipment perspective, all the equipment is still there. As a matter of fact, as we go through transitions to say, 2.2 terabyte per disk or 2.4 terawatt per disk to a 3 terabyte per disk, we get a lot more efficient out of our parts that we have accessible to us and out of that same equipment, some penalties with process content. But generally speaking, our capacity footprint goes up. In the current -- to directly answer your question in the current state, we did have to scale back in our factories, and that will take just a little bit of time, not a lot of time to scale back up because that's about people. It's been a tremendously painful time for our people, for the people in the supply chain for the people and the customers for that matter. So I would say that our theoretical capacity is still as high as it is, but we can't react on a dime to go get there. We need to plan for it. And once upon a time, we did 165 exabytes. We could get back there fairly with all the technology transitions, we can also go beyond.
Aaron Rakers : Yes, yes. That's helpful. And then as a quick follow-up. I think last quarter with the headcount reduction effort, you had talked about I think it was getting to realizing the annualized expense savings of about $110 million starting in this current quarter. How do we think about the effect of that on a net basis in this current fiscal quarter?
Gianluca Romano : Yes. We realized a big part of that saving already starting in the December quarter, as we were discussing beginning of November. The majority of our restructuring actually happened at the beginning of November. So we had basically two full months out of the three where we could take the benefit of the cost reduction. And now in OpEx, there are always few other items that impact the cost of the quarter. In the script, I said we expect this quarter and even next quarter to still be around the $300 million.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jason Park: Hi. Thanks a lot. This is Jason on for Tim from UBS. I have a couple of questions. So the first question is on December quarter. Sorry if I missed, but I see that there's about $100 million purchase order cancellation fees in December quarter. Could you guys help us understand what that line item really is? And also, would there be any possibility of this repeating in a similar magnitude next couple of quarters if demand remains weak? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Gianluca Romano : Yes. That is related through our reduction in production. Of course, we had some commitment with some of our suppliers that, of course, we want to comply with. So on those cases, we had to stay for take-or-pay products that we didn't need, and we decided not to take based on our focus on reducing our own inventory on top of reducing customer inventory. I think we have taken all those liabilities into the December quarter. So I don't expect at this point this those liabilities to come back in the March quarter.
Jason Park: Got it. Thank you. Yes. My second question is on your debt paydown schedule and cash level. So on the back of your recent debt exchange, how are you guys thinking about the pace and magnitude of debt pay down in the next few quarters? And in light of that, how can we think about the new cash level you guys are comfortable operating under going forward?
Gianluca Romano : Yes, we are generating still a fairly strong free cash flow. In the December quarter, we generated $170 million, I think this quarter will be higher than that. We have note that will mature at the beginning of June that we want to repay and we will not refinance, that is about $540 million. So we will use our cash. We have actions going on to optimize our cash between now and June. But I would say, right now, our focus is actually on reducing the debt and reducing the full amount of those notes.
Jason Park: Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho : Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on pulling in the launch schedule of HAMR drives. A couple of questions here. How are you thinking about the adoption of HAMR drives in the back half of the year into '24? Is it more broad-based? Or is it focused on a few customers -- and I know it's early, but do you expect -- when do you expect unit or exabyte crossover for HAMR drives? And lastly, on this subject, just to be clear, are you planning to dual track with PMR products in the 30-terabyte range? And then I have a follow-up question.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Sidney. Appreciate all the positive momentum that's going on. It really -- there's a lot of people inside of our company and outside of our company that deserve accolades here making this technology work believed in it for the last 20 years and so on. And I think it's great that the world is going to be able to double nasty points and things like that over time. I've got a lot of confidence based on where we sit right now. We're not talking about exactly what the schedule is going to be, but we're going to be as aggressive as we possibly can. Specifically to your question, yes, I think the first drives will probably go out into a couple of different channels, some we can control like we've talked about maybe using our systems business in the prepared remarks. And then some big customers are -- want to be early adopters so that they understand the technology and what to take. It's I would say at the highest capacity point, the integration always the trickiest because these are things that the world has never seen before. To the extent we can turn around and make cheaper capacity points that are midrange like 20 or 16 or whatever they happen to be because we have fewer heads and disks in them. That's a great answer for us as well, and we'll get working on that. So I don't think the once we get out the heads and disks, I think we'll be able to find homes for them, and we're going to be very, very aggressive on the ramp over the next few years.
Sidney Ho : Okay. Maybe a follow-up question. You and your competitors have both in quite in terms of production cost in this down cycle. Curious if you're seeing any less rational behaviour in terms of pricing given the high level of inventory in the channel and the customers in the December quarter, but more importantly, going forward, do you think the pricing environment will still be okay? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I do think the way to control the long-term outcome, the best is to cut your production and make sure you're not pushing out too much of the wrong stuff. I'm encouraged to see the way that the industry is actually behaving on that front. I don't -- to your point, I don't look at things like market share and any individual deals as long-term trends at this point in time. I think it's more just what discipline does the industry have. And I do think that over the long haul, especially for Seagate, I can speak, having the ability to go add a better value proposition, lower our costs and so on and so forth. I think we use that to think about how do we get back into our margin range or beyond.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh : Hi, Dave, and Gianluca. Great quarter and a good control on the inventory side. Just a quick question on how you see broad inventories in the channel. Like if you look at China and U.S. enterprise hyperscale, any thoughts on where inventories are broadly?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think we said that we -- from our vantage point, the inventories at hyperscalers generally went down or the right directions, and we were encouraged by it. I mean, obviously, we'd like to see it faster because we'd like to ramp our factories back up quicker. I think it would help us. And then, of course, our owned inventory, what we were able to do by not putting anything out, especially the legacy capacity points, I'll say, in the nearline space, we're not putting anything else out into the market that's encouraging as well. I think from a distribution weeks on hand, it's high, but not super high historically. And you all know that depending on how you're measuring it 4 weeks or 13 weeks, it could be it's really based on a baseline. And I think that, that baseline now has become this macroeconomic reality. I do think that as we started to see some kind of macroeconomic recovery in certain geos, Europe, Asia and so on. The absolute value of the inventory is not super high. And so it's not a whole lot of weeks on hand. And I think there, again, we could react to that. So I'm not super worried about the inventory there. 
Vijay Rakesh : Great. And you mentioned HAMR ramping here. Good to see that. A exit the year, any thoughts on what that mix would be of your mass capacity at nearline of revenues or units?
Dave Mosley: Yes. We haven't really talked about it. I think this year, it will probably still be relatively low. And then the faster we can get the yields in scrap and all the costs that we can control down on the heads and media then the faster will be accelerating. I think that will happen in calendar year '24 and calendar year '25 will just continue to accelerate. The highest capacity points will be addressed, but also these midrange capacity points. And how successful we are with all that stuff we'll determine how broadly we can penetrate all those different individual market.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ananda Barua with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah : Hi, thanks, guys, for taking the question. Two quick ones, if I could. Just going back to Aaron's question, Dave and Gianluca on the utilization. So Dave, you said you're 30% below peak your gross margins are actually down 30% from that same peak. Is that a coincidence because pricing has been stable? Or is it really sort of that simple? And then I guess the ramp back up kind of higher cap drives sort of takes up more capacity. And so is it really as simple as on sort of the ramp back up sort of the same indexing on capacity ship, is like a little bit more of a slope up, just given the mix? And I have a quick follow-up after that.
Gianluca Romano : Well, I would say, for sure, the majority of the gross margin decline is coming from the underutilization charges, so the lower level of production that we have. Last quarter, we were discussing it a bit about some price pressure in the low-capacity drive. But we have seen a little bit in the quarter of December. But in general, especially considering that we see a fairly strong down cycle. We are -- in terms of pricing stability, we see this as a positive. And we expect as soon as we are back into the same level of production and same level of revenue we had a year ago, we think our gross margin will be at the same level or even better.
Ananda Baruah : Gianluca, is it -- can we kind of model the gross margin more or less calibrated with where we see capacity increases to be going forward?
Gianluca Romano : I would say capacity mix, of course.
Ananda Baruah : Okay. Cool. And then just a real quick follow-up. $300 million OpEx through the June quarter, how do you want us to think about modelling out past that, the puts and takes? Thanks.
Gianluca Romano : But we are staring to discuss about the next fiscal year, but I would say part of the lower OpEx is coming from variable compensation that is very low in the current fiscal year. So you will have to think about adding some cost for variable compensation in the fiscal '24.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think Ananda, we reacted, obviously, very early on some of this when we saw it. And I think we're going to be asking the same kinds of questions throughout the course of this year, what's the new trajectory, the new normal, if you can. When some of the normal demand cycle comes back, where is the world from an economics perspective and we'll address factory footprint and things like that when those times come.
Ananda Baruah: Cool. Thanks, guys.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan : Hi. Yes. Thank you so much. Apologize, jumping across calls if this has already been answered. But I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the trajectory that you see in exabyte growth. It's kind of been a little bit all over the place given so many moving pieces with both demand slowdown as well as inventory and if you could maybe calibrate for calendar '23, that would be great?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It depends also, if you where you reset to. I think we've taken a big step down, of course, and then we could talk way back on the 30% growth. I don't -- I think it's a little too early to tell that. But we do think that by the fact that we're putting out 24 terabytes and 30 terabytes and so on and so forth, that's going to help the exabyte growth substantially. I think a couple of years ago, we were at 80-some percent from nearline drive. So that was reflective of not only high great value proposition from 1 capacity point to another, say, maybe 25% bump in capacity point, but also the fact that a lot of people are investing at the time. I do think that the demand side for data is still there. There's AI, machine learning, a lot of new applications coming. I think we're going through something that's fairly temporary where people are just getting their legs underneath them and then they'll figure out what their investment profiles are. And our job is to go put a better value proposition from an exabyte perspective out there in front of them to kind of incentivize that. So we do think the back half of this year gets better from an exabyte perspective. I don't -- maybe a little early to tell exactly what the number is.
Wamsi Mohan : And maybe you already covered this, but if you wouldn't mind, if you have covered it, then we don't need to go in. But I was wondering if you could address if there's anything abnormal that you're seeing within pricing in the competitive environment, is there especially within the channel, anything that you're seeing that might be abnormal? And when do you think if there is something when that would normalize?
Dave Mosley: At a macro level, no, I think everybody is seeing about the same demand environment. People are reacting fairly similarly, making sure they're preserving their cash, not building things that they're uncertainty of going out into the market. And so I think the industry has actually done a pretty good job of scaling way back over the last three, four, five months on our production capacity. It's very, very painful for ourselves and our suppliers, of course. But -- and our customers, I think I said this earlier, our customers understand that. But at a macro level, I don't see that. I don't see people building too much of the wrong stuff and trying to get into the market. There may be little pockets. But again, big picture, I don't think that's super relevant.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kurt Swartz with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kurt Swartz: Hi. Thank you very much for taking the question. Maybe just first, within the context of recent export restrictions and macro headwinds in China, I'm curious if you have -- if you can share any color on your TAM assumptions for the VIA market, both in the near term and longer term, which I believe you previously said the longer-term market outlook remains intact, but just curious on those dynamics?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I'll start and I'll let Gianluca speak as well. I think the VIA market is changing quite a bit globally. There's a lot of applications A few years ago, we would have talked about surveillance. Now there's a lot of applications about consumer behaviour and inventory management. A lot of people are worried about inventory. And so -- the people are using all these new, say, smart edge applications in a very creative way. So globally, it's an exciting market. I think the drivers in China, in particular, over time that's been very muted for the last year, and we were kind of waiting for a recovery. And I think the recovery just hasn't come. I think it will recover, but it's going to be slow. And I think there's new opportunities around the world in various geos as well happening.
Gianluca Romano : In the very short term, we see possibly a decline in the March quarter, mainly because of seasonality. March is always the quarter where we have the lower revenue from VIA and from some of the legacy markets also. So not a lot of increase in the short term. But in our view, the rest of the calendar year, we should see sequential improvement. And VIA is an important segment for us. And in a segment that is also generally generating a very good gross margin.
Kurt Swartz: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a follow-up. Within the context of the operating margin target that you outlined last year, 18% to 22%, assuming this is still the right framework, can you just walk us through some of the levers and the time line for reaching that range and maybe thoughts on medium- to longer-term OpEx growth or intensity within that context?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think to find the long-term demand, we're still kind of assessing that. So I won't be -- I won't predict it just yet. But I will say that this management team's goal to get back in those models as fast as we possibly can. Obviously, demand is the fundamental driver to that. We've made operational improvements by cost reductions. And we've, unfortunately, had to cut some things that we're working on. So there is a reason to suggest that we have a little bit more oxygen than we had going into this thing. But I think fundamentally, it will still be the demand driver. And one of the reasons we're trying to transition products is as aggressively as we can is because we think we intercept that demand with a better value proposition that comes back to us faster, but we also go off and work our own internal operational metrics and then we get the best cost at the time, and that helps as well.
Kurt Swartz: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ashley Ellis with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ashley Ellis : Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Gianluca, could you discuss how you're thinking about working capital for the second half of the year? Our inventory days came down pretty substantially. Obviously, if you took production down. But they're still above the year ago levels. And then as you launch HAMR, is there anything we should consider within that number? And then I have a follow-up.
Gianluca Romano : Yes. In the December quarter, our working capital was positive by about $50 million. We decreased our inventory by a lot, but we also paid a lot to our suppliers. So I think that is part of the positive working capital that will actually impact the March quarter. And after that, probably is fairly stable for at least a couple of quarters.
Ashley Ellis : Okay. And then, Dave, you kind of touched on this in a prior question, but AI has become a much more common topic in the last few weeks. And I'm wondering how Seagate thinks about that opportunity, not just from data creation, but your product line-up? And is this coming up in customer conversations? Is it something that they're asking for your help on? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Ashley. So it's underneath all of the demand for data growth that we see, I think this is 1 of the big trends that we're watching because it affects not only what's going on in the cloud, but it also affects what's happening at the edge. And so that -- I do think that over the long haul, we're very bullish on this. If you think about it, early days of AI or training models and things like that, that needed access to big data sets. But I think as time goes on, big data sets have to be very real time to make decisions that are relevant in the moment. And sometimes they need to be kept at the edge because you have a lot of video data, for example, at the edge to make good decisions on consumer behaviour or inventory, like I talked about before, all these new applications that are coming. So our customers are quite excited about it. The good news, and I've been saying this for the last couple of years is that I see a lot of innovation that's happening on that front because of the unsure footing that a lot of people have in the macro condition, people aren't really leaning into it, but I really look forward to the days that they are and these applications come online because I think it's going to contribute a lot to the data growth.
Ashley Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra : Hi. Good afternoon. Just following up on some of the questions on pricing. I understand that controlling production is a way to get back over time to your utilization rates and gross margin target. But is the price decline in NAND that we've seen recently impacting some of the pricing that you're looking at for HDDs? Or is there basically a possibility of share shift toward demand given the pricing that NAND is undertaking currently? And how do you react to that?
Dave Mosley: Tristan, I think that back in the day that the legacy markets obviously went through some transitions because of this. There may be some happening in the consumer markets, that's relatively small. The impact is relatively small. We still have a pretty good value proposition in the consumer markets as well. In the mass capacity markets not really. I mean I think the people running big mass capacity rigs either they understand both technologies and they use both technologies. They're not really making a trade-off of one versus the other. I think NAND, we can all see that the business is tough over there. I think everybody is in tough shape and I feel for some of those guys because the world needs their technology, I think we need their technology as well to make sure that they do their part and the layers they're relevant in, but I don't think it affects mass capacity long term.
Tristan Gerra : Great. Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Cole. As you heard today, Seagate is acting with speed and agility to manage through a tough near-term market environment. At the same time, we're executing our strong mass capacity product road map that makes us well positioned to enhance customers' value and Seagate's financial performance. I'd just like to close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support, and thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our fiscal first quarter 2023 results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions, based on information available to us as of today, should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in, or implied by these forward-looking statements, as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business.  To learn more about the risks and uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, including expectations regarding any regulatory, legal, logistical, or other factors, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website.  Seagate also filed an 8-K today disclosing that on August 29, we received a proposed charging letter from the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security, or BIS, alleging violations of the U.S. export administration's regulations. We have responded to the letter and believe that we've complied with all relevant export control laws and regulations. We've been cooperating with BIS, and we intend to continue engaging with them to seek a resolution. During the Q&A portion of this call, we won't be commenting further on this matter, and we'll provide additional updates, as appropriate, moving forward.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye and hello, everyone. In our remarks today, we will discuss the September quarter performance in the context of an intensely challenging macro environment and outline the aggressive actions we are taking to manage the company during this tough period. Despite these near-term challenges, the underlying data demand drivers remain strong as does the opportunity for mass capacity storage solutions. I will outline why we're confident that as current conditions improve, Seagate is in an outstanding longer-term position. For the September quarter, revenue came in at $2.04 billion, which was inside the revised guidance range that we provided at the end of August. Non-GAAP EPS of $0.48 was well below our expectations, impacted by multiple gross margin headwinds that I'll touch upon shortly. As we shared in late August, three main factors were influencing our outlook, the impact of COVID lockdowns and the related economic slowdown in China, broad-based customer inventory adjustments, and weakening global consumer spending.  Since the August timeframe, macro sentiment has further deteriorated, which has led to a more cautious spending environment and more significant inventory adjustments as we move through the final weeks of the September quarter. These factors incrementally impacted sales volumes in the economically sensitive consumer markets, as well as certain U.S. cloud customers. We currently expect customer inventory drawdowns will remain a factor through at least the December quarter.  We reacted quickly to adjust our production levels to the current demand environment and our gross margin performance reflects the resulting factory underutilization costs that increased markedly through the month of September. It's important to note that consistent with some of the U.S. CSP comments, end-user demand for core data and analytics applications remain solid, which supports our view that the business will improve as elevated inventory levels are consumed.  In the meantime, we continued to respond to the changing market conditions and further reduced production output across all product lines with the exception of our 20 plus terabyte products, where demand has held firm and pricing relatively stable. Our actions underscore our focus on maintaining strong supply discipline and we believe this will enable us to quickly return to a more favorable pricing environment across mid to lower capacity products as conditions normalize. Stepping back, today's highly uncertain macro environment stems from multiple factors outside of our control, such as rising interest rates, inflationary pressures and geopolitical dynamics. With that in mind, we are focused on managing what we can control and taking aggressive actions to appropriately respond to the near term market environment, and enhance profitability over the long term. In addition to adjusting our production output to drive supply discipline and pricing stability, we are implementing a restructuring plan to sustainably lower costs, including a reduction in our global workforce.  These are very difficult decisions to make and ones that we do not take lightly. However, we believe they are necessary to align our cost structures with the realities of the near-term market, while still enabling us to support future mass capacity storage opportunities as demand recovers over the longer term. We are improving working capital by reducing our inventory levels over the next couple of quarters, and we are significantly lowering our fiscal '23 capital expenditures while maintaining investments that support the launch and ramp of the 30 plus terabyte product family based on HAMR technology.  These cost-saving actions, together with our supply discipline enable us to drive increased leverage to earnings as conditions improve over the near term. Longer term, we remain confident in the secular growth of mass capacity storage and believe our technology leadership positions us to capture the significant future growth opportunities. Consistent with our focus on enhancing longer-term shareholder value, we are maintaining our quarterly dividend. However, we are temporarily pausing our share repurchase program to ensure we can continue to make necessary investments to support our current business and underpin our longer-term strategic plans.  Let me now share some perspectives on the end markets, starting with VIA. The global economic slowdown has continued to impact VIA-related project budgets and installation time lines, which has led to a buildup of customer inventory. These trends have dampened the typically strong seasonality in the back half of the calendar year, particularly in the China market. Stimulus programs to help boost the local economy have been announced. However, timing for economic recovery is not yet apparent, while COVID lockdown restrictions remain in place.  Our long term expectations for VIA demand have not changed. While we have significant direct customer exposure in China, end market demand is global and continues to expand, as smart video applications are adopted to address real-world challenges. For example, reducing traffic congestion is one area of focus for smart cities which cost U.S. drivers alone an estimated $53 billion in 2021. These savings can only be realized after capturing and storing large volumes of data and application best served by HDDs.  In the nearline markets, we saw a double-digit percentage sequential revenue declines across both cloud and enterprise OEM customers, reflecting the broad-based inventory adjustments that I described earlier. Recall we had been anticipating the customer inventory correction to be largely complete in the December quarter. However amid intensifying macro uncertainties, customers have grown more cautious with their spending plans, which we believe will extend the recovery into calendar year '23.  U.S. cloud customers are still reporting healthy demand tied to digital transformation, artificial intelligence and other applications that unlock data value and continue to rank among CIO's highest investment priorities. While enterprise CIOs continue to move workloads to the public cloud, according to a recent study, 80% of cloud users also have a hybrid cloud strategy, illustrating the desire to operate seamlessly across the network of public and private clouds. We believe these trends support our view for mass capacity exabyte growth to return to the upper 20% range as the broader markets recover. These same trends underscore the positive market momentum we are seeing in our enterprise systems business, which recorded revenue growth of over 45% sequentially. While we expect sequential sales levels to reflect some lingering supply challenges in the December quarter, our systems results illustrate how customers are still allocating budget dollars toward areas that drive business value.  The data trends that rely on cost-efficient, higher-capacity storage solutions remain intact. As a leader in HDD technology, Seagate is well-equipped to address demand by continuing to execute our strong product roadmap. We are leveraging the current production slowdown to double down on our development actions and accelerate cycles of learning to continue delivering TCO value to customers.  Sales of our 20-plus terabyte product family grew meaningfully quarter-over-quarter, supported by strong demand from cloud customers. 20-plus terabyte drives now rank as our highest volume in revenue platform, surpassing 18 terabytes as expected. We are extending this product family using conventional CMR technology into the mid-20 terabyte range, which also offers SMR capabilities into the upper 20-terabyte range.  Development of our 30-plus terabyte platform based on HAMR technology remains firmly on track. In addition to HAMR, these drives incorporate many new technology innovations to reflect the years of development, design, and integration know-how that form the backbone of our future product portfolio.  We continue to execute our development plans, meeting key milestones, including reliability metrics and aerial density gains that also position us to extend drive capacities well beyond 30 terabytes. As I shared in our July earnings call, customer revenue shipments are expected to begin around mid-calendar 2023. I could not be more pleased with our great progress this quarter.  In closing, we are navigating through the macro challenges that are impacting our business over the near term. However, the long term growth trajectory for mass capacity storage remains solid, driven by the fundamental demand for data and the need for businesses to harness its value. We believe that the actions we have undertaken will ultimately strengthen our position over the long term. Looking ahead, as we incessantly push the technology innovation roadmap, we believe our customers will continue to value Seagate as their primary storage solutions provider.  Gianluca will now cover the financial results in more detail.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Revenue came in at $2.04 billion, reflecting the evolving macro landscape that Dave described in his remarks. Non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 9%, below our expectation at the end of August due to lower revenue, a less favorable market mix and higher underutilization charges, as we continue to lower our production output as we gain visibility into December quarter demand.  We are taking decisive actions to reduce expenses, reserve cash and improve long term profitability, which include reducing production output to enable rapid inventory correction at our customers and on our own balance sheet, significantly lowering capital expenditures for the rest of the fiscal year, resulting in CapEx as a percentage of revenue to be below the long term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue, and executing a restructuring plan to sustainably reduce our cost by approximately $110 million annualized.  We believe this action will put the company in a strong financial position when the global macro business environment begins to recover and expand operating profit faster than revenue growth.  Moving to our end markets, as we have mentioned, intensifying macroeconomic pressure and more reserved customer buying behavior impacted our results across both mass capacity and legacy markets. In the September quarter, total hard disk drives capacity shipments were 118 exabytes, down 24% sequentially and 26% year-on-year.  Mass capacity market made up 88% of the total with shipments of 104 exabyte, down 25% sequentially and 21% year-over-year. Average capacity per drive increased 3 percentage points sequentially to 11.8 terabytes, reflecting continued growth demand for our 20-plus terabyte product family, which represents over 40% of total mass capacity exabytes shipped in the September quarter.  Nearline shipments totaled 85 exabytes, down 28% sequentially, reflecting the ongoing inventory adjustment at both cloud and enterprise OEM customers, which are expected to last through the calendar year end. On a revenue basis, mass capacity represented 78% of total HDD revenue at $1.4 billion in the September quarter. As a percentage of HDD revenue, mass capacity was down 2 percentage points sequentially and up 7 percentage points year-on-year. Consistent with our view at the end of August, VIA revenue was down quarter-over-quarter due mainly to the prolonged economic slowdown in China. Specific to our mass capacity market we expect the prevailing macroeconomic challenges will extend through the December quarter, negating the traditional seasonal uptick usually seen in the VIA market. That said, we remain confident in the long term growth of the mass capacity markets in both the cloud and at the edge.  Within the legacy markets, revenue was $391 million, down 20% sequentially. Quarter-over-quarter, the pace of decline was more pronounced in the mission-critical market due to soft enterprise spending, particularly in China and deteriorating consumer spending. Similar to the VIA market, we do not expect to see a typical seasonal uptick in overall demand for legacy markets in the December quarter. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business was $263 million, up 21% sequentially. The increase quarter-over-quarter reflects the improving component supply for our petabyte scale solution in our enterprise system business.  Moving to our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the September quarter was $498 million, corresponding to non-GAAP gross margin of 24.5%, down more than expected quarter-over-quarter. Underutilization cost represented a 250 basis point headwind to gross margin impacted by the adjustment we made to lower production output throughout the quarter in response to market conditions. These impacts were compounded by a less favorable market mix, driven by a lower percentage of revenue derived from margin reach mass capacity markets and an increase in the non-hard disk drives business.  Non-GAAP operating expenses were at $314 million, down $35 million quarter-over-quarter due to lower variable compensation and proactive expense management, which included strong control over discretionary spending and the pause in hiring. In the December quarter, we expect OpEx to further decline by about $10 million, including savings associated with our restructuring plans starting later in the quarter. Based on diluted share count of approximately 210 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the September quarter was $0.48.  Moving on to balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the September quarter with a total liquidity position of approximately $2.5 billion, including our revolving credit facilities, which is sufficient to support our strategic plans and meet customer demand. Despite lower than expected revenue for the September quarter, inventory ended fairly flat at just over $1.6 billion. We expect inventory to decline significantly over the course of fiscal 2023 as we align our supply chain and finished good levels to the prevailing demand environment.  Reflecting the payment of previously committed amount, capital expenditures were $133 million for the September quarter. Free cash flow generation was $112 million, essentially flat with the prior quarter, as the improvement in cash from operations was offset by higher capital expenditures. We used $147 million for the quarterly dividend and $408 million for the purchase of 5.4 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 206 million shares outstanding and approximately $1.9 billion remaining in our authorization. In light of current near-term priorities, we are temporarily pausing our share repurchase program, but we remain flexible and opportunistic as conditions develop.  In August, we raised $600 million in capital through a new term loan due in fiscal 2028, resulting in total debt balance of $6.2 billion at the end of the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.1 billion for the last 12 months with total debt leverage ratio just below three times. We expect interest expense for the December quarter to be approximately $74 million. Looking ahead, we continue to face a challenging business environment, shared by macroeconomic and geopolitical teams. Seagate, like our customers, is diligently managing cash and investment amid the disrupted demand environment. We expect these factors and ongoing customer inventory corrections to weight on revenue in the December quarter.  Please bear in mind our financial outlook for the December quarter is as follows: We expect revenue to be in a range of $1.85 billion, plus or minus $150 million. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the mid-single digit range, reflecting the impact from higher underutilization cost. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.15. That's from minus $0.20.  I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate's team is acting with determination and agility to rapidly adjust to a highly uncertain environment. I'm incredibly proud of their unwavering focus. Throughout our 40 plus year history, Seagate has successfully operated through many adverse conditions, and we are putting that experience to work. We're taking the right actions to strengthen our near-term financial position and optimize liquidity through this period. We're driving forward on our technology roadmap which makes us poised to quickly recover, as market conditions improve, as well as capture the significant future opportunities ahead.  Finally, we continue to operate with a deep sense of commitment to all of our stakeholders, our people, our customers, the communities in which we operate, and, of course, to our shareholders.  Gianluca and I would like to now take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. As you look into the December quarter, you've not reported a sub $2 billion revenue quarter. I went back and checked all the way since back in 2005. What is your view on the inventory levels? And how much below-demand levels are you currently shipping? And do you expect to exit the December quarter with a lower inventory level? If I could also ask just are you expecting higher underutilization charges in December? Or should we expect the same magnitude? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. I'll let Gianluca quantify the underutilization charges. I think the blunt answer to your question is, yes, we're expecting to get the inventory levels of our owned inventory and then of the customer inventories down this quarter. We'll watch the customers what they have at the builders, what's that flow-through hopefully. We would have hoped that it would have happened by now, but I think macroeconomic conditions are weighing on everybody a little bit that way. And we believe that by controlling our own build plan, which results in higher underutilization charges that we can actually get our owned inventory down as well.
Gianluca Romano : Yes. During the September quarter, we reduced production twice at the beginning of the quarter and then again during September. And we actually increased even more through the end of September. So we had more than $50 million of underutilization charges in the September quarter. December will be higher.  So we start already with a lower production than the beginning of the prior quarter in October, in November. And then in the month of December, we will, of course, look at the demand for the March quarter and see if we can start to ramp back production or we need to keep it lower. And I think Dave wants to add something.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think also just to your other point about this is pretty low historically. It certainly is. There's still macro challenges ahead of all of us. I think in F Q2, the consumer is pretty weak. Channel inventory is still fairly high, not on an absolute unit basis but on a run-rate basis, certainly. And there's kind of muted to no seasonality at all this year in F Q1 or F Q2 for us. And we're not expecting the cloud recovery in F Q2. We just are watching the inventory levels. And China will also -- the recovery will be slow there. We've been predicting some sort of recovery for about three quarters. And there is a little bit of sentiment that things will start to get better, but we want to see that in hard purchase orders just to be really frank. So the recovery is all dependent on the pace of the customers working through these inventory levels.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks for the color, Dave. And if I could -- I mean, this is -- I know you guys said you really can't talk a lot about this export regulation area. But could you just give investors some sense on why you believe the shipments are not subject to export regulations? Does it have to do with the IP for the products and where it resides, or any color you can share about why you have confidence in your position. Clearly, you articulated that you do? So it's the why is, I guess, important from an investor standpoint. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Wamsi, I think like Shanye said, we don't really think it's appropriate for us to be commenting on it at all at this time. I mean, we'll cooperate transparently, and we believe we have a really good compliance program in place with all the policies and procedures. So that's what builds our confidence. But like I said, we'll communicate transparently. I just don't think it's appropriate for us to be commenting.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hi. The first one for Dave. I'm just kind of curious heading into 2023, how should we think about the pricing environment? Is there a way to quantify it or qualitatively see relative to the last downturn in 2019? And if we extrapolate how to think about revenue growth for FY23 or calendar '23? And then I had a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: It's still a little too hard to call revenue growth. I'll let Gianluca quantify some of the pricing environment discussions. But I would say at the high cap, the 20-plus terabyte family, pricing was relatively benign. I think there was really competitive space, especially in legacy and the low cap nearline because those markets are so depressed right now. So it was fairly competitive.  And I think this is just a sign of the times in the industry when factories aren't full people want to get as much demand as they can to keep running their factories. And we're all mindful of that right now. So I think we need to see supply and demand come back in the balance to see a better environment.
Gianluca Romano : In the legacy market, we saw some pricing pressure, so the low capacity drives, maybe also coming from the very low price of the NAND right now. On the high-capacity drive, as Dave said, the price environment is still very favorable and say fairly stable. So I would say different from what we have seen in prior down cycles.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Very helpful. And then just as a follow-up, clearly, your cloud customers, there's obviously very high levels of inventory digestion. There's pricing pressure. Have you seen any market share shifts in this environment, either in your favor or against you, especially among the U.S. hyperscalers?
Dave Mosley: We're not really trying for market share, I'd say at this point in time. We're watching all these inventories levels. And we're saying, let's make sure we build the right absolute right stuff. So I think there various challenges that I can articulate at various hyperscalers. And they have different business models, different dynamics within them. Some have multiple business models. So there's macro implications as you're hearing from some of their comments. And there are also architectural transitions and there are still supply chain shortages. In some cases, some of the supply chain shortages led to situations where people bought too much of the wrong stuff, and then there's even overages in the supply chain. So I think it's really complicated as to how this inventory built. Fundamentally, the creation vectors for data and the consumption of mass capacity drives have not changed. There is an aging of the fleet going on. There's replacement of old mass capacity drives with the new ones which has TCO proposition, higher capacity drives are just better that way. And so all of the relevant trends still exist. We believe that the drives that are in the data centers today are being used. They're more full than ever. The data keeps coming at them because of all the hyperscaler product offerings that are incentivizing people to move to the cloud. So we think this is just a temporary environment.
Gianluca Romano : Down cycle for me—in a down cycle, market share is not -- should not be the priority or -- the important is to focus on free cash flow. And keeping the free cash flow positive and also to keep the pricing environment as stable as possible, and this means reduced production, try to keep supply and demand in a good balance. And of course, preparing for the long term demand that we -- for sure, we still see very, very solid.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks Gianluca. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: And our next question will come from Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Good morning, Dave and Gianluca. Two questions for me as well, please. The first one is on HAMR. And so I guess as you think about ways to reach demand equilibrium, how are you thinking about transitioning capacity to HAMR during this softer period? I guess, does the transition to HAMR create the need for retooling head and possibly media production? And I guess as you address that question, could you also discuss the buy-in on HAMR from your cloud customers and some of the progress you referenced in your prepared remarks. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Karl. What I would say is that in the current environment where you have free capacity in your fabs, you use that to run more and more experiments to accelerate things. I mean, that's one lesson from numerous downturns in the past that I have. So we're definitely taking advantage of that to do all we can to accelerate not only HAMR, but get the yields up and the scrap down and get to better cost platforms and things like that.  We're gaining so much confidence on HAMR that not only are we talking about the dates, but we're also talking about the ability to move capacity up beyond just introductory, say, 30-terabyte platform up to higher capacity points. That also allows us then to take componentry out of 20-terabyte drives, for example, so that we can address the market that way. So all of that is going on right now inside Seagate. And I would say it's not just about one small piece of technology HAMR. It's also about readers and certain mechanical subsystems and electronics and everything else is really being brought together. We're in full stage product development right now and like I said in the prepared remarks, very happy with the progress.  Relative to CapEx, we've been planning for these transitions for a long, long time. So there's only a few tools that are tremendously complicated. The tools that we use that are making average recording heads and recording media. Those tools can be repurposed and they're pretty sophisticated. We know how to run them. So a lot of confidence on being able to hit the ramp that way.
Karl Ackerman: That's very helpful. If I may squeeze one more in. Given the strength of your systems business this quarter, are there still match set challenges for you in that business? And are you still facing long lead times for other hard drive input components or have those challenges loosened and I guess, maybe back to what you would consider normal? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think from a hard drive perspective, it's an easy answer. We have plenty of inventory right now. So we need to bleed that off. Relative to the drive side, or sorry, to the system side, we have had shortages, and I think the broader industry has had shortages. And sometimes just individual $1 component, sometimes assemblies like power supplies or nicks or things like that. What I would say is that most of that is breaking free. It's not completely done yet. One of the reasons for the success of our systems business is the complexity is not very high. And so people are used to very bespoke solutions in that world, but they'll take what they can get and they're aggregating on less complex, simpler to achieve from a supply chain perspective designs. We see some smaller competitors really struggling for that, and that may even mean they have to exit the market. So I think we've had quite a bit of success in our channel business as well. So I think all of these trends are really supply chain trends. We believe by building very, very few SKUs and building them well, that we'll have a market advantage.
Operator: And our next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri : Hi, thanks. I seem to recall that the term loan, I think, has some covenants, maybe 4x is the covenant on the term loan. And it seems like you might be breaching this over the next few quarters. So I guess the question is sort of how comfortable can we be with the dividend. Can you sort of talk through that?
Gianluca Romano : Yeah. No, we are happy with the liquidity that we have. Actually, no, our cash balance is higher than prior quarter. As you have seen, we have increased our debt during the September quarter. We are, of course, looking at covenants, looking at debt structure. And if we have to take actions there, we will, for sure, do it. But now we are -- as we said in our prepared remarks, we are comfortable with the level of our dividend, but we are pausing on our share buyback for a while.
Timothy Arcuri : So I guess just following up on that. So is the commitment -- I'm just trying to figure out in the continuum of the commitments for capital, is the dividend right at the top of the list? In other words, you would do what you would have to not cut the dividend. Is that a fair statement?
Gianluca Romano : Yes. We want to protect the dividend. As you know, one of our priority is shareholder return. And dividend is an important part of that. And we know that and we want to protect the dividend.
Dave Mosley: And we'll continue to invest in ourselves and all the other things that make us Seagate through these periods of time. We have to come up with a plan and execute the plan relative to all those things, and that's what we're out to do. It's one of the reasons why we're dipping into our inventory, getting working capital flowing a little bit more right now, not just to pause on the share buybacks, but we definitely want to execute this plan as aggressively as we can, as early as we can to make sure that we're safe.
Timothy Arcuri : Great. Maybe as my follow-up, I had a question on this letter from BIS. And maybe can you help us -- I'm sort of trying to handicap the revenue, what the right normalized revenue would be if something were to come from this letter. I'm trying to handicap what the right normalized revenue is so --
Shanye Hudson: Hey, Tim. Tim, I'm sorry. This is Shanye. Sorry. We actually -- as I mentioned earlier, just sort of two things. Again, we believe that we've actually complied with all relevant export control laws and we continue to cooperate with BIS, as it relates to this matter, but we're not going to comment any further on this call.
Timothy Arcuri : Okay, okay. Shanye, thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two, if I may. Maybe, Dave, just first for you. Can you maybe marry the comments you had in your preannounced, the preannounced text today, with what you talked about at the beginning of September, meaning at the beginning of September, you mentioned for the first time that certain U.S. hyperscaler terminology, that's the cautious buying terminology. And then today talked about uncertainty worsening in the latter part of September.  Does that imply that demand or purchasing habits from U.S. hyperscalers has incrementally deteriorated since the preannouncement or over the trends that you saw in September, still relatively in line with what you spoke about back in early September? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: I do think things have been changing through the course of the summer. So yes, let me give you a little bit of color in. And in some cases -- in many cases, we have LTAs that we're constantly negotiating to give us predictability. We need that predictability to kind of run our factories and communicate with our supply chain partners so that we can get efficiency and lower cost and so on. Typically, the customers had been in the past, pulling above the LTAs. What you saw through the course of the summer was a market change. And I think -- I won't say exactly when it happened because we have lots of LTAs. Some are longer than others. They time out at different times. They're subject to changes things come up for renewal. So it's fairly complex. But as we get close to some of them ending within a quarter at the end of the LTA, for example, we're negotiating the next one, we get a sense of the inventory, the data center build-outs that have happened or that are going to continue to happen, and that's what really changed this summer, if that helps for the color.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Dave. And then maybe, Gianluca, just one for you. Kind of, to think about the impact of your restructuring plan, is it the view that kind of your quarterly run-rate OpEx can be closer to, let's call it, $290 million starting in the March 2023 quarters after you go through this restructuring? Or does your current OpEx base incorporate some -- not just September, but then December incorporates some of the early parts of your restructuring efforts? Thanks.
Gianluca Romano : Yeah. We are executing the restructuring plan in November so you will see already some impact in the December quarter. I would say $290 million is very aggressive. It's probably in the $300 million range for the next few quarters.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thanks so much.
Gianluca Romano : Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. I've got two as well, if I can.  With regard to going back to the LTAs and kind of just trying to establish better predictability in the overall business, I'm curious of how your discussions have gone over the past couple of months or how they've changed with the cloud vendors. And what you hear from them as far as assessing the level of inventory that they have relative to -- I think the comments in the call was that you've not seen any change as far as the demand drivers for the business.  That degree of visibility that you're actually able to get at these cloud vendors of what they're holding, appreciating that each one is probably a little bit different.
Dave Mosley: Right, Aaron, they are -- and it's a fairly complex space. But I will say that -- if you look at what's aging off, the exabytes that are aging off is actually pretty small. The exabytes that they're putting on is relatively large. So the -- we believe the growth in usage of exabytes is large, but we also believe there's a little too much inventory. I'm not going to say it's -- I'm not going to try to quantify how much that is. I think there's other reasons why some of the pauses in data center build-outs have happened. And depending on which customer you're specifically talking to, it's -- can be complexities in their supply chain. It's not necessarily their business models that are driving the problem there. So -- and it's a complex space globally.  There's lots of different kinds of LTAs. We would just -- I would say that as they -- what I said before is as they've timed out, people have given us visibility to the next one and the next one is significantly lower. So then therefore, we're in a period of coming to reality on that relative to what we're building and making sure we're disciplined through it.
Aaron Rakers: And then I believe in the comments in the call, you had suggested that the expectation was we return to kind of a high 20% growth rate in nearline capacity shipments at some point as we work through this, and we see recovery start to materialize. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think in the past, we've talked about north of 30% or even mid-30% growth. Is there something that's changed in your mind structurally as far as the growth underpinning the nearline business going forward?
Dave Mosley: So there's a difference between mass cap and nearline. So mass capacity typically would run a little bit higher -- or sorry, lower. And then nearline would grow a little bit higher. So that's the reason for the difference. But I think our fiscal '23 will be an anomalous year for sure. And what kind of new trajectory we get into is -- obviously, as we continue to build exabytes in the cloud, the growth rate will come down over the next 10 years.  But I do think that we believe the fundamental drivers are still there for data. We're pretty excited about answering that with more and more efficient drives as well, so which is why we're using this period to kind of get those drives into the factories to come out as aggressively as we can afterwards.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I was hoping to dig a little bit deeper into gross margins. You talked about further utilization cuts. Is there any math you could kind of provide how to think about kind of fixed versus variable COGS? And also as part of the restructuring, what kind of impact will that have on gross margins and on what time frame?
Dave Mosley: I'll let Gianluca answer quantitatively for you. I would just say that a lot of it comes down to this fundamental premise, just don't build anything speculatively when you're trying to manage cash. So we're not managing a gross margin outcome as much as we are just watching and making sure that any start that we have, that we pull from stores and we use our cash that we're going to ultimately get paid for. We don't want our cash tied up at this point. We are going to make -- because of that, we're going to make a big dent in inventory, and we're very mindful of the impact of the factory workers in the supply chain and so on. But we just believe it's critical to resize the business for the future right now.  So Gianluca, do you want to answer?
Gianluca Romano : Well, on the utilization charges, as I said before, we had a little bit more than $50 million in the September quarter. When we go into the December quarter, we expect that to be higher and the revenue actually you expect to be a little bit lower. So the impact to gross margin percentage is, of course higher.  On top of that, you need to look at the mix. In the September quarter, we had a lower mass capacity percentage compared to the total HDD revenue, compared to the prior quarter. And we also had higher system. And system actually have a little bit lower gross margin than hard disk in general. So it depends also how the mix will be exactly in December. But probably as you have seen from the guidance, we expect a further decrease in gross margin in the short term.  But we are very comfortable with the long term, as soon as the microeconomic situation will improve, especially in Asia and then in China, and this inventory correction will be over, and we go back to our more normalized revenue level. We actually expect to have a strong gross margin, as we were doing just three quarters ago. And there is no reason why we should not be in that range again.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. As a follow-up question, I guess, specific to the VIA market and thinking around surveillance in China, and totally separate question from kind of the BIS issues you referred to earlier. But curious if you're worried at all about increased regulations coming out of the BOC and BIS as it relates to further entities in China being placed on the entity list or unverified list. Is that something that you're contemplating as a potential risk to that part of your business?
Dave Mosley: Well, we still watch all of the regulations that come out and process them, not only for how it might impact our products, but how it might impact the broader market as well, right? It's not just demand, it's other parts of the market. And we've seen some impacts there over time for all markets. I think broadly speaking, there is a healthy diversity of different customers satisfying end demand. And I do think that ultimately, the demand is going to shift somewhere else because the demand for smart city applications, as we said in our script, is still there. People want efficiency, whether it's in traffic control, like we talked about, or healthcare or video surveillance around the world make people safer.  So we think that market has been underserved probably for the last year, and we think ultimately, it's going to come back. So it's just -- we're not building or packing into the products right now because we want to make sure that we see the purchase orders.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Gianluca, maybe could you talk a bit about beyond inventory and lower CapEx, any other levers you see that you could pull within working capital or other areas to drive incremental cash flow? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Gianluca Romano : Well, we focus on all we can manage in the working capital. But for sure, the inventory level is the main driver that we can use right now. Our inventory has grown from $1.1 billion before the start of the COVID to almost $1.6 billion in the September quarter. So we have opportunity right now to reduce our inventory. It of course, will not happen all in one quarter, but we will diligently reduce our inventory in the next couple of quarters.
Dave Mosley: It's not as big, Shannon, but we can go with yields and scrap. And these are still material numbers that the team can use, the time, the excess capacity, and so on to do the right experiments to drive those on the right products.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thank you. And then, Dave, I don't know if you can talk a little bit about this, but it seems like this restructuring is very obviously headcount focused. But are there other areas where you're reducing costs? Because it seems like this is kind of a flex down given the macro environment and obviously, the challenges with inventory and that, more than maybe a structural restructuring, if I can say that? Or am I off on that? And there's some actual big structural changes you're making to the business?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I would say we'll still have the ability to flex up. Obviously, people impacts are the toughest parts of the job, and we're really sensitive to not only the people but the communities and the supply chain. There are big impacts happening right now. We are lowering output of some of the legacy products and completing product transitions to future products, which are more efficient products as well, just from a support perspective. So the complexity of the product line is coming down and resetting the factory footprint a little bit.  We haven't talked about that very much. But there are demand realities out there what line we have, where it may actually impact the factory footprint. So there's OpEx support around that as well. That will all help as we restructure and then come out. We're very mindful of the fact that we do need to accelerate into the future with the right products as well because that's been the nature of this business. I don't think there's a massive structural change in mass capacity data that we're planning at this point in time. We're just dealing with the reality of the current environment.
Shannon Cross: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. You've been very clear about the restructuring that's going on in the December quarter. And given the September quarter, which just ended, and in your December outlook, do you think that's actually sufficient to right-size equilibrium supply and demand? Or do you think it's going to be like a more prolonged as you look at these ELAs and all the demand characteristics inputs from your customers? Do you think it would be a bit little bit longer prolonged recovery? Or do you think after the December quarter, we're going to be pretty free and clear then?
Gianluca Romano : Well, it's a bit difficult to say right now. So what we are doing is keeping the level of production down for the month of October and November for sure. And then at the end of November, we will look at a more tangible demand for the quarter of March and also June and see if it's the right time to ramp it back or if we need to keep it down for a few more weeks.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think, Jim, maybe this ties back to Shannon's question as well. Mass capacity was up almost 60% in fiscal calendar '20, mid-30s in '21. FY23 is likely going to be negative. That's the first time that's ever happened before. So it's not that data is not growing. It's certainly growing in all the application space. I just think that we've got to make sure we reduce our manufacturing build plans to maintain this healthy supply discipline. And we may see a pop back to some of those big spikes again. It may be a more muted growth. We don't know, but we're really confident in the long term drivers. And so we'll take this reset right now and then deal with the future as it comes.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on gross margin. So it sounds like your gross margin will be down quarter-over-quarter in December based on your answer to a previous question. But more importantly, how much are you under earning your gross margin versus normalized level? Maybe help us break down by the various components between underutilization charges, COVID costs, logistics costs, maybe revenue mix? Anything there would be helpful. And I've a follow-up question.
Gianluca Romano : Well, based on the level of production that we have today, underutilization charges will be substantially higher than the September quarter because the period of time where we keep the production level low, will be at least two months. We still don't know exactly if we need even to go a little bit longer. But that is the main reason why the gross margin is declining. And of course, with the top line being lower or the percentage is impacted even more. So that is, I would say, the majority. In terms of the COVID cost, there's been fairly flat quarter-over-quarter. We don't think that part will deteriorate. Actually now on the freight, we know we are spending a little bit less because we ship less unit. So those are the main drivers. And then with the restructuring, when we go in the next -- in the March quarter, the restructuring will start to have some positive impact to our P&L, of course.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's helpful. My follow-up question is, you talked about customers' inventory drawdown through at least the December quarter. Are you suggesting that revenue will grow in the March quarter? And then to the -- follow-up to that, how do you see this cycle playing out for the nearline market compared to the previous cycles in 2020, 2018, 2016. Those cycles usually fixed by dropping two to three quarters, and then it comes back on maybe a quarter or two quarters later. Do you think that will be comparable this time?
Dave Mosley: I think 2016 was kind of a double dip. So it was a real odd ball. I don't expect that's going to happen here. I think what we have is a phasing up of a confluence of factors between macroeconomics and architectural transitions like we talked about, some supply chain issues that people still have. I do think we'll see some people start to come out of it sooner rather than later and other people may be more conservative.  So it's too early to call exactly when it's going to happen, but we're going to be watching it very carefully and then making sure that we use our cash to only build what's absolutely necessary for the market through that period.
Sidney Ho: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, thanks, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Yes, I'll ask two, real quick. One on gross margin and then one on the restructuring plan. On the gross margin, so is it -- are you guys -- I guess the question is are you guys adjusting your production capacity at all? Or are you holding pat and just absorbing the restructuring charges right now? And I guess, sort of the follow-on to that is sort of that would -- sort of suggesting that any pickup in gross margin is all production-related going forward? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano : Well, I said this before, of course, the level of production will have the majority of the impact on our gross margin in the future, but also the restructuring. We are restructuring the company. This will give us some benefit and some financial benefit in the future. A part of this restructuring, a significant part of this restructuring is actually in manufacturing. So when production level goes back up to where it was before, and our top line will start to improve. As I said before, we expect gross margin to go back to where it was and even better.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. So the restructuring it also involves production? Is it production capacity as well, Gianluca? I guess, could you give us any sense of how to think about the split of the restructuring program between that?
Dave Mosley: I think, Ananda, as you know, there's many different types of factories that we have. So some are dramatically underutilized. Others will keep running relatively heavy because we're doing experiments to make sure that we can do product transitions and get the yields up on the products that are going to bring us out of this period. And some of those products are way more efficient as well. So we can use that not only the investments that we're making from an OpEx perspective but to guide ourselves toward what restructuring we need to do of our manufacturing footprint through this period. So I think they go hand in glove.
Gianluca Romano : But longer term, Ananda, longer term, we will also have the benefit of our new technology. So with a 30-terabyte HAMR and future products based on that technology, we also expect that to be accretive to our gross margin. So there are many things that you need to consider when you start to model longer term.
Ananda Baruah: And Gianluca, when do you think you're at run rate for the OpEx portion of the restructuring program, like what do you think is the run rate?
Gianluca Romano : Yes. So if we execute the restructuring, as we had planned in November, I would say the March quarter will include the full benefit.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question will come from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey, guys. I just wanted to ask kind of an overarching question on the recovery here. Obviously, there's pretty limited visibility right now. Clearly, you're working through new negotiations with your customers, but could you just help give us a picture of how long and how deep this recovery may last. Obviously, you're guiding substantially down for December.  As you look into the March quarter, obviously, customers are acting differently, but would you expect the total company revenue to be down again? Or do you think that you could see a recovery starting at the beginning of the calendar year?
Gianluca Romano : Well, of course, it's difficult to predict the future, and we have been a little bit surprised recently, but I can tell you in our internal plan, we see an improvement in the March quarter compared to what we carry in December.
Dave Mosley: And Tom, certainly on what we're planning on building and then moving, we intend to reduce our bills right now to make sure that the inventory gets properly adjusted. We said in our last quarter as well. I mean -- so we're watching the inventory that the entire market has. But we also do think that at some point, mass capacity is going to start climbing again. So we just want to get there with the right products and to make sure we control the bills.
Gianluca Romano : Especially if the situation in China will start to improve compared to what has been in the last six months. That will be a major benefit to our business.
Thomas O'Malley: Got it. And then my second one is just on the right mass capacity exabyte growth rate for the long term. So I think, Dave, you talked about conversations with U.S. hyperscalers right now, most of them are coming in kind of below what the long term agreement was. They were pulling above that previously. But you're really only taking the mass capacity growth rate down from like 30 to like the upper 20s range.  Obviously, nearline has been running above that. But with all these LTAs or these conversations that you have with these cloud guys coming in below, like how do you get comfortable with the fact that that mass capacity is still at that high 20s rate? Like shouldn't it be normalized a little bit lower than that, given that these guys look to be ordering at a slower rate coming out of this higher growth period of time?
Dave Mosley: Yeah, that's good. So this year it will be so far down, that the question is, does it snap back or like I made reference earlier in the call here to I think calendar '20, where it was 60%. So I don't expect that, just to be blunt, but this is exactly why we go work those LTAs, give people predictability, our sales predictability on what exactly the demands are for our factories, and then give the customers the predictability so that they can understand the pricing environment and so on and the number of exabytes we are going to need to pull. And so we are still having those conversations very seriously with everyone. I think what changed through the course of the summer was the fact that they were telling us about what's going on this fall. And we got this phase-up of all these different macroeconomic business, architectural transitions that were happening that are affecting us.
Thomas O'Malley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari : Hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. I joined late, so apologies if you've already addressed these questions. First one on pricing on a per-exabyte basis for your mass capacity business. I think in the quarter, that number was down kind of mid-single digits on a sequential basis, down kind of low teens year-over-year. I think there was a 12 month stretch from mid-'21 through early '22, where pricing per exabyte was down in the single digits. Pre-COVID, it was down 15%, plus or minus.  So should we expect pricing in your mass capacity business on an exabyte basis to be down low to mid-teens going forward? And kind of the benign conditions last year were kind of one time, if you will? Or should we expect pricing to improve as you come out of this inventory digestion phase?
Gianluca Romano : No, I think the price will improve. Of course, in the September quarter, the mix is also very important. We shifted a lot of our 20 terabyte. So it's difficult to just look at the price in total. You really need to look at the price on the like-for-like for the same product.  What I said before that maybe, no, you didn't get because you were not here. On the legacy part of the business, we have some pricing pressure. On the mass capacity, the mid capacity, there is some reduction, but on the high capacity drives, the pricing is very stable.
Toshiya Hari : Got it. That's helpful. And then, Gianluca, on free cash flow, as you go through this inventory digestion phase and lower levels of revenue, should we brace for a quarter or two of negative free cash flow? I don't think that's happened with you guys in a very, very long time. Or do you think you have enough levers on the working capital side to stay positive free cash flow for the next couple of quarters? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano : We think we'll stay positive. I said before, we also have a fairly high level of inventory that we are reducing. So this will help also with our free cash flow. So we don't expect so far any negative quarter of free cash flow.
Toshiya Hari : Thanks so much.
Gianluca Romano : Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Cole. As always, I'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support. I'm confident Seagate will navigate through these near-term difficult conditions and be in a stronger position to meet our customers' needs for innovation and for cost-effective storage solutions well into the future. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to further engaging with our shareholders over the next few months.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnection your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please also note today's event is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President; Investor Relations and Treasury. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and fiscal year 2022 results on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included on our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because the material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today, and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in our â in or implied by these forward-looking statements, they're subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. Now I'll hand the call over to Dave for opening remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and welcome to those of you joining us on today's call. Our June quarter financial results reflected near record of data center demand, contrasted with the impacts from a confluence of macro headwinds in other end markets, particularly in the consumer-facing legacy markets. We believe the secular data trends driving long-term demand growth for mass capacity storage and infrastructure remain intact, as I will discuss a bit later. However, the impacts from COVID lockdowns in Asia, non-HDD component shortages and global inflationary pressures intensified late in the quarter. Our resulting June quarter revenue and non-GAAP EPS declined quarter-on-quarter to $2.63 billion and $1.59, respectively. While macro events are weighing on our near-term performance, Seagate's financial achievements for fiscal 2022 were noteworthy. We grew revenue by 9% year-over-year, fueled by 24% growth in our mass capacity products. We expanded profitability even faster than revenue, leading to fiscal year non-GAAP gross margin above 30% and non-GAAP operating margin above 18%. And we achieved record non-GAAP EPS of $8.18. In fiscal 2022, we generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow, our highest level in 4 years and maintained our commitment to returning cash to our shareholders, funding $610 million in dividends and repurchasing 9% of our shares outstanding. We are also demonstrating technology leadership and executing our product road map to support the growing demand for data. We attained our fastest ever ramp with a 20-plus terabyte nearline platform, handily beating the projections that we made at the start of the quarter. We are on track to achieve volume and revenue crossover with the 18-terabyte drive in the current quarter. The 20-plus terabyte product family is based on our highly successful common platform design, which has enabled us to scale and ramp the yield quickly, as evidenced by the results I just shared. We have the flexibility to extend into the mid to upper 20 terabyte capacity points with minimal changes to our design, which allows us to meet customers' timing, readiness and offers an attractive cost profile for both customers and for Seagate. We have worked tirelessly over the last 3 to 4 years, improving the resilience of our supply chain, aligning our mass capacity product portfolio to our customers' needs and strengthening our financial foundation. Our operational execution, combined with structural changes that have taken place in the industry, namely the transition to mass capacity products and increased supply discipline, support our view that the company is fundamentally stronger today and better positioned for the future. Let us now turn to the current market environment. Despite the ongoing impacts of COVID lockdowns and supply challenges, mass capacity revenue was flat quarter-over-quarter, due in part to strong cloud customer adoption of our 20-plus terabyte nearline drives. U.S. cloud data center demand remained strong However, persistent non-HDD component shortages have led to inventory imbalances, precluding new data center build-outs from being completed. These, along with other supply disruptions have led to a buildup in inventory levels across a broad spectrum of customers, a trend that continued through the end of the quarter. As macro uncertainties and inflationary pressures intensify, we expect customers will increasingly focus on reducing their inventory levels, while maintaining the ability to address end market demand. At the same time, our Asia-based cloud customers are dealing with the impacts of COVID restrictive measures, which have had four  reaching effects across all of the end markets that we serve in the region. In the VIA markets, recall that many of the major projects driving demand are in the Asia region, particularly in China, where lockdowns are impacting our near-term revenue. While the situation remains fluid, we are confident that mass capacity demand growth will resume once lockdowns ease and inventory levels normalize. Within the legacy markets, demand rapidly deteriorated at the end of the quarter, as lockdowns and surging inflation severely impacted consumer spending for PCs and external drives. Exiting the June quarter, the legacy business represented only 20% of our HDD revenue, which is a historic low. In response to the current business conditions, Seagate is taking actions to maintain strong supply discipline and a favorable pricing environment. We are reducing our manufacturing and production plans, while continuing to focus on driving efficiencies in the factory and across supply chains. We are maintaining prudent cost controls across the business and executing our product road map which also helps to support our customers' TCO objectives. While the current environment is challenging, the multiple secular drivers fueling long-term demand for mass capacity storage have not changed, and, in fact, continue to expand. Digital transformation is still in the early innings, according to leading cloud service providers who have estimated that only 10% of corporate IT has moved to the cloud. New AI applications continue to emerge with the AI engines requiring a massive amount of new data for training, data that must be captured analyzed, stored and moved across a more distributed and multi-cloud network. And as the digital and physical worlds begin to converge, enterprises are employing data-intensive digital twins to enhance decision-making and overall business efficiencies. These trends dovetailed into a view that businesses will need technology investment strategies to remain competitive in a data-driven world, which includes the need for mass capacity storage and infrastructure. Seagate is poised to benefit with a broad product portfolio of cloud and edge infrastructure solutions from mass capacity HDDs to enterprise systems to our live cloud and mobile service offerings. We are executing our development plans for the 30 terabyte plus product family based on our innovative and HAMR technology, which enables capacity points of 30, 40, 50 terabytes and beyond to support future data demand growth. Seagate's innovation extends beyond our HDD technology leadership. We're garnering recognition for our systems portfolio, capturing the coveted Product of the Year Award for Hardware Infrastructure at this year's NAB show for our CORVAULT storage system. CORVAULT has also gained customer attention with its unique autonomous drive regeneration technology, which combines our device and systems expertise to enable self-healing capabilities. These systems provide enterprise CIOs with peace of mind that their data will be protected, while offering a strong TCO value proposition. Additionally, technologies such as self-healing, distributed data protection and secure rates play a critical role in reducing the environmental impact of our products. Drives with these technologies can be repaired, reused or recycled rather than just discard it, thus helping to preserve the ears  and precious resources. These efforts are critically important to Seagate and a key pillar of our product circularity strategy. We are also receiving very positive feedback from customers on a global basis for our work in this area. In closing, Seagate has a broad exposure to the strong secular tailwinds driving demand for mass capacity storage. These trends remain intact, which lends confidence that growth will resume as supply constraints and COVID lockdown impact ease. Seagate is fundamentally a stronger company today and is exceptionally well positioned to endure the current market environment. We have the right product portfolio, deep customer relationships and operational agility to optimize profits and fuel growth. I'll now hand the call over to Gianluca to discuss the financial results.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. While demand for our mass capacity products remain very healthy in the June quarter, the intensifying economic pressures buildup of inventory at our customers and COVID restrictive measures that Dave discussed earlier and the most significant impact on our results than we were anticipating, particularly in the legacy business. Despite lower-than-anticipated revenue level and extraordinary cost pressures, our non-GAAP gross margin expanded slightly to 29.3% in the June quarter with HDD gross margin remaining comfortably inside our target range of 30% to 33%. Our results are due in part to steady demand for our mask capacity products and a mix shift toward higher capacity drive. In the June quarter, total hard disk drive capacity shipments increased slightly to 155 exabytes, of which the mass capacity market made up 90% of the total, with shipments of 139 exabytes and 4% sequentially and 12% year-over-year. Our nearline products contributed 119 exabytes, up 1% sequentially and 17% year-on-year, most or by strong U.S. cloud customer demand for our 20-plus terabyte product family. With richer mix of high capacity nearline drives supported a record total HDD capacity per drive of 7.8 terabyte compared with 5.4% terabyte just 1 year ago. On a revenue basis, mass capacity represented 80% of total HDD revenue at $1.9 billion in the June quarter, less compared to the prior quarter and slightly higher than the prior year period. Strong U.S. cloud demand, combined with a sequential improvement in the VA market albeit of very weak March levels, offset lower-than-expected sales into the Asia south markets, which have also been affected by COVID lockdown. While we believe the end market demand disruptions are temporary, we are mindful of prevailing macro uncertainties, which influence how quickly the VA and other mass capacity markets will return to strong annual growth. Within the legacy market, revenue was $489 million, down 24% sequentially and 43% year-over-year. The decline was most pronounced in the client  PC end markets, which now represent a mid-single-digit percentage of our overall revenue. Consumer demand also deteriorated more than anticipated, reflecting the sharp rise in inflation impacting consumer discretionary spending. Finally, revenue for our non-HDD business was $219 million, down about 8% sequentially and 21% year-over-year. We saw a sharp uptick in our system business as we were able to mitigate some of the component shortages we have been experiencing, which enabled us to begin shipping some of the record order backlog. However, component availability remains a challenge and impacted the SSD business during the quarter, leaving us unable to fulfill all the customer demand. We continue to work with our suppliers to support customer demand as constrained yield  Moving to our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the June quarter was $771 million, corresponding to non-GAAP gross margin of 29.3%, up 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter. As noted earlier, the increased mix of mass capacity products and transition to higher capacity drives more than offset lower business volumes and higher component costs. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $349 million, slightly up quarter-over-quarter and in line with our expectation, as business drivers and sales and marketing activity in resumed. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $422 million, or 16.1% of revenue. We will continue to focus on managing costs and balancing supply with demand to position the company to expand operating margin back into the target range of 18% to 22 when top line growth resume, which we believe could begin later in the fiscal year. Based on diluted share count of approximately 117 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the June quarter was $1.59. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. Inventory increased to approximately $1.57 billion, as we ended the quarter with higher finished goods consistent with the rapidly changing business environment. We continue to maintain a higher level of critical components and use the ocean freight to reduce logistic cost and support future product demand. Based on our current outlook, we expect inventory to decline slightly as we move through the calendar year. Capital expenditures were $72 million for the quarter and totaled $381 million for the fiscal year or just over 3% of fiscal year revenue, expecting  our focus on aligning supply and demand. Given the current business environment, we will continue to carefully manage our investment and supply. Free cash flow generation was $108 million in the June quarter, down from $363 million sequentially, due to a combination of factors, including higher inventory levels, the timing of sales and  which was heavily weighted to the back end of the quarter. This impact should normalize in subsequent quarters. Overall, we are pleased with our free cash flow for fiscal 2022, which increased 13% year-over-year to approximately $1.3 billion. We currently expect continued growth in our annual free cash flow generation in fiscal 2023, depending on the pace of economic recovery. Consistent with our commitment to returning cash to shareholders, we used $152 million for the quarterly dividend and $486 million to reverse 6 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 210 million shares outstanding and approximately $2.4 million remaining in our authorization. Over the past 2 years, we have reported more than 20% of Seagate share outstanding at an average price of approximately $71 per share. We ended the fiscal year with cash and cash equivalents of $615 million, and total liquidity was approximately $2.4 billion, including our revolving credit facility. Total debt balance at the end of the quarter was relatively flat with the prior period at $5.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.5 billion for fiscal '22, resulting in total debt leverage ratio of 2.2 time. As we enter fiscal 2023, we expect macro uncertainties and non-HDD component shortages to continue pressuring our end market over the near term. Drawing on our data  of experience in managing the company through dynamic industry environment, we are taking action to carefully manage our cash and safeguard profitability, including managing our supply to restore healthy customer inventory levels. With that in mind, our outlook for the September quarter is as follow, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.5 billion, plus or minus $150 million. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be slightly above 15%. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.40 plus or minus $0.20. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Last quarter, I expressed confidence in the long-term growth trajectory of our business, and that view holds firm today. The multiple secular trends fueling demand for mass capacity HDD storage also catalyze growth for our system solutions and live services business and Seagate is well positioned to benefit. Our products are funded on our drive innovation, and we continue to execute our strong HDD product road maps. We are shipping the 20-plus terabyte family of nearline drives and high volume, and we are well down the development path towards launching our 30-plus terabyte family of drives based on HAMR technology. We expect to begin customer shipments of these HAMR-based products by this time next year. Seagate will navigate through the near-term market dynamics by focusing on what we do best, namely run efficient and predictable operations, partner closely with our customers, put in place prudent spending controls and align the supply with demand. We believe that these actions position us to quickly return to our long-term financial model once these macro pressures abate, delivering 3% to 6% revenue growth and operating margins of 18% to 22% of revenue, all the while maintaining our commitment of returning capital to shareholders. While the dynamic market environment is disrupting typical demand patterns, the underlying demand for data remains strong, which supports flat or even slightly higher revenue in fiscal 2023, depending on the timing and pace of the economic recovery. I'd like to conclude by expressing gratitude to our employees for their incredible efforts through the fiscal year. I'd also like to thank our suppliers, customers and partners for their contributions to our results and our shareholders for their ongoing support. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question today comes from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I want to go down the path on the nearline business. As you look back over this past quarter, relative to the 119 exabytes that you shipped, I guess the first part of the question is, did that play out largely as you expected? Did you see demand slow down at all through the course of the quarter? Any kind of changes relative to your initial expectations coming into the June quarter? And how are you currently kind of thinking about the demand profile of that end market, considering your comments on inventory as you kind of look at your current quarter guidance? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Hey, thanks for the question, Aaron. If I look at where we were two quarters ago, predictability of the cloud, 20-terabyte transition, those kind of tactics that you referred to. I think it's been fairly predictable through the end of last quarter. We do see, in particular, in China and some of the CSPs, some inventory overages. So what we're doing to try to compensate for that is to not make sure we don't pack into it, not building too many '16s and '18s, if you will, and hurting  up the transitions to the 20s there. So it's more of a looking forward where I see issues. It's not really with U.S. CSPs. I mean everyone is having the same supply chain issues out in the world, but some people were navigating it differently. And I think there's a good market demand for mass capacity and especially in the cloud businesses. I do think there are some temporary issues that people are getting through given their supply chain points or COVID lockdowns or things like that.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. And any thoughts on how we think about the end demand? I know in the past, we've talked about kind of a longer-term growth rate in that nearline market being kind of in that 30%-plus range. Did you think that to kind of get back to that flat to slight revenue growth into - for fiscal '23, that, that's how we should kind of think about the demand profile into the back half of the fiscal year? Is that kind of how you're thinking about it?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. So we're going to pause a little bit because you know, make sure the inventory flows through here in the front half of the year, but we'll eventually get back on that. And we do have products coming higher capacity points, which actually helps drive the exabytes demand as well as those customers wake up, maybe they were stuck on '16 before and now they're going to be a 20-year plus - 20-plus, right? So that will help the exabytes demand as well. Ultimately, we're going to be driving out of the back of this fiscal year, like we said, 30 terabytes. So we should get back to some healthy exabytes growth. But I think what we're seeing right now is very tactical.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Dave, you mentioned a return to growth later in the fiscal year. I was hoping you might give us some color around how you're thinking about the trajectory of recovery, both in mass capacity, are you assuming that you basically have a 2-quarter sort of slowdown here as inventory gets worked down and the demand headwinds are made. And is gross margin going to be following a similar trajectory. So are we sort of at the bottom of gross margin or should we expect gross margins to contract further from here? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. I'll let Gianluca answer the gross margin point. From a demand perspective, the legacy was hit pretty hard as we talked about in the prepared remarks. And that's - there are a lot of legacy products that are - the inventory is too high. Now on things like PCs, it's - so de minimis as a part of our portfolio now that we're probably not going to pack anything into it, but some of the legacy products will suffer this quarter and then they'll come back a little bit. On - the stuff  it's more salient for us now because 80% is mass capacity. There still are some things like the VA market that are not going through their normal seasonality gyrations. They're actually more impacted just because of COVID lockdowns and so on. But we do think that after we get through that period, whether that starts at the end of Q1 or Q2, we don't know right now. But we think there's a lot of pent-up demand that's coming. And so that's one of the reasons what we're doing is we're changing over from some of the more - the older products that might be going into life to some of our newer products like the 20-plus terabyte, some of the mid-cap nearline products is making sure that the inventory that we do have is more current and when those customers are ready for the strong poles  again, then we have the best stuff out in front of us. Gianluca, do you want to talk about gross margins?
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. Clearly, we are positive on our expectation for the business to recover soon and control sequentially. I think seasonality will be different than what we are seeing in the last year, for example. I would say mass capacity is actually strong already. We have done five consecutive quarters of record or near record revenue and volume. And gross margin, actually, the trend in gross margin is a bit different depending from which segment you are looking at. The legacy part and the non-HDD part has seen some decline in gross margin in the last four quarters. The mass capacity part has been very strong. So at the total level, we don't see a lot of change because the increase in mix to the mass capacity basically is offsetting the decline for the legacy and the nearline  hard disk. But in future with a continued improvement in mainly mass capacity and the mix continues to go into the 80% plus of the total being mass capacity that should bring an improvement in gross margin.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first one is for Dave. You mentioned the U.S. CSPs are pretty strong. How do you think about the demand into the calendar second half of this year? Or do you think that is the next shoe to drop? And then quick question for Gianluca. You said you have like $2.4 billion remaining in the buyback, but your cash levels have come down. So how to think about the sustainability of the buyback over the next few quarters? Thank you very much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Krish. I don't think there's another shoe to drop to be very clear. I think depending on which customer, there may be very specific challenges that they have in their data center build-out. But in general, they're the cloud storage demand growth continues and their CapEx investments continue. And so I think in some places, it's becoming very predictable with them. And so that's why one of the reasons why we've kind of established the businesses we have as we pivot our mass capacity. It's interesting right now, but I think most of the capacity transitions that we're talking about with 20 terabytes and beyond, are the â people we still have yet to transition are the people who are in the markets that are actually most impacted by some of the COVID shutdowns and things like that. So that's the way I think about it, if that's all â that helps. And then Gianluca, can answer the question.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. We are very committed to our shareholder return program, and so to both the dividend and the share buyback. As you said, we still have $2.4 billion of â as amount authorized for our share buyback. Our free cash flow in fiscal Q4 was lower than what we were expecting for the reason that I explained in the in the remarks. Of course, we expect free cash flow to improve, strongly improve in the next few quarters and that will help us to continue our shareholder return and also increase our cash balance.
Krish Sankar: Thank you very much. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks a lot. This is Jason on for Tim from UBS. Just a couple of questions. So my first one is, as you noted, there has been a lot of concerns around leaking consumer demand. I know consumer legacy market is still a much smaller portion of your business than nearline market. But how can we think about the trajectory of your legacy businesses in terms of exabytes shipments for the second half of this calendar year? Also, could you provide the same color on the DI margin in terms of exabytes shipment as well? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jason. So on the legacy demand, the consumer facing. So for example, the USB drives and the like, been a strong market through the COVID work-from-home period. Right now, the consumers in the world have decided that they're spending money on other things. I think everyone knows this around - you can see these consumer spending patterns in many, many different markets, and we're not immune to any of that. I think that some of the stuff that we have to make sure we pull back and position the right inventory. Those markets, in particular, are not going away, they may be slowly going down, but they're not like the PC or notebook markets, which are effectively already gone. So we wouldn't have to divot  those markets anymore because they're effectively gone. Mission-critical has been a little bit choppy through the COVID period. It is slowly declining as well, but it has a long tail, so that's another place where there's probably a little bit too much inventory. So when we lump in together in those legacy markets, they will have longer tails that we're talking about now because the ones that we're going to go to zero effectively already gone there. So Gianlucaâ¦
Gianluca Romano: For exabytes we have a fairly low in the June quarter. We expect September as Dave was saying not to be a strong quarter for legacy. Now usually, it is the quarter where you see some improvement from seasonality. We don't see this happening this year. But in December north  is a quarter where you will see some improvement. And then the second part of the fiscal year should  anywhere.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And my second question is on the product road map. Your main competitor shared some color on their 20 and 22 terabyte product plans, where they're expecting the 20TB close over by the end of this year, going and so I was wondering if you could share any color or time lines on your product brands for 20 and 22 drives? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. We said in the prepared remarks that our '20 would cross over relative to our '18, if you will, this quarter. So the quarter we're in right now. So we're ramping the '20 very hard. We met the fastest growth target that we never had before. We said that a couple of quarters ago, and we've actually met that very happy with the 20-plus terabyte family. There's a lot of variants of this family. There are variants that continue to be CMR. There's variants that are SMR. Those drives are out there in the world in various places. As a matter of fact, I think I said last quarter that most of the 20s are actually being used above 20 because of some of these variants. So we're fairly happy with how that's latching on the world. It's already at high volume. And with small changes, we can continue that a little bit. To the conventional platform we don't need any major technology transitions with a bigger change to the heads and media and the recording channel and so on by the end of the year, we'll take that platform to 30 terabyte. So we're very confident in our product portfolio. We don't really talk about all the details of 2022, you know, '23, whatever people are using things out because I don't think that setting the right narrative, it's more just - we want to make sure that we have flexibility with our platform that we're on today and then launching the 30 share by platform in the future with all the technology that comes in there, we're confident and we're driving it as hard as we can.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Maybe, Dave, first off, on the big picture basis, you talked about introducing HAMR technology at 30 terabytes next year. Given the common platform that you have that you mentioned about 20 terabytes to the mid-20s and the upper 20s, how do you correlate the demand trends from your customers in supplying these very attractive cost-efficient drives that you just talked about, along versus, say, the 30-terabyte HAMR drive, which I assume are going to be a little more costly in its initial ramp?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Patrick. So it is a question of what can you make in high volume, where do we get our scrap and yields? And since there are so many heads and disks and they are component, readiness for the ramp is critical in our margins. And then going to the 30 terabyte there are cost adders. There's a number of different technology transitions, not just to the right or the HAMR, if you will, the media has to change, the reader has to change. All of the platform things, the electronics sort of organic, everything that gets you to 30 terabit has to change. So we're very confident in that, but how fast do we make that turned, that's a good question. A lot of it is our ability to go to work the yields in the scrap and cost to the point where we need to be. I think from a customer perspective, that's a fairly big jump from one to the other. And the TCO benefits when you think about building a data center and running it for 5 to 7 years, you're willing to entertain the discussion and then the more positive feedback you see on those initial drives, the more you'll be able to drive it hard. We've had customers that have been working with us on these technologies for a number of years now. And I think when we launched the product, I think they'll be very open to those discussions because they see tremendous benefit as well. So I think balancing all these things is exactly the point of what we have to do in our operations, and that's what we're focused on.
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful. And just as my follow-up question for Gianluca. In terms of the cost pressures from COVID elevated component costs, logistics costs, how much of an impact was it this past quarter? And how do you see I guess, those additional basis points pressure on a going-forward basis?
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. In the June quarter, we had a lot of cost pressures, not only from COVID, but also for inflation, some of our component costs have increased. As we have seen, we were able to keep the gross margin stable, actually slightly up quarter-over-quarter despite a lower revenue. So we are we are taking our measure to offset the majority of those cost increase. Mix is also now, of course, very important to us. I would say for the future, the part that is coming from inflation is probably not going to a date very quickly, so we'll probably has the same impact for the next couple of quarters. On the COVID side, on the logistics side, we have seen a little bit of improvement in the June quarter compared to the prior quarter. But I think I said in the past that, the COVID cost was about 200 basis points of our gross margin for June it was probably around 150, this is not of course including all the extra costs coming from inflation.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. Dave, you talked about cutting production. I was hoping you could expand on this, I guess, specifically in terms of utilization rates, where do you expect to be over the coming quarters relative to the past couple of quarters. And I guess, given the production cuts and given how you're vertically integrated, I guess I'm a little positively surprised by how well gross margins are hanging in. I guess, what are some of the offsets that you're incorporating in your September quarter guidance?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I think I'll ask Gianluca to break down some of the - the F Q1 bridge, if you will, on gross margins. But let me give you a little perspective. Where we see too much inventory in the chain is in some of the markets that we were planning on building towards, and we don't want to do that. If I've learned one lesson in my life its when you see so much inventory, don't back into it. Its exacerbated a little bit by the linearity of last quarter was 4. And therefore, almost by definition, you go to the next quarter, and it's linearity is poor again. And especially in these times, when you get out to the back of the quarter, you don't have an opportunity to cross ship you know, because  claims are choked and that drives costs. We're trying to put on a little bit more inventory so that we can use ocean freight, it becomes very problematic. And so that's one of the reasons why we're intentionally not packing into it. Relative to the build plan, so yes, by slowing things down on some lines that does have some financial impact. What we're really doing is pivoting over since the lead times, wafer lead times are quite long, product lead times are quite long for, say, 20 terabytes, pivoting more towards 20 terabytes beyond or pivoting more towards the new mid-cap nearline drive, we can do it. It just doesn't happen very quickly. And so the factories are still relatively full of that - that's help exactly your question. You don't see as much absorption hit net-net, even though you're taking down the old products as pushing out the new, but there's an intention around not pushing too much into the chains, not having to price that stuff to move eventually into customers that really don't need the product right now. And I would say this is where inflation is playing a role for everyone because you have the CFOs of those companies saying hey, slow down a little bit, and we ought to be able to help our customers do that. So Gianluca, you wantâ¦
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, we will have some costs coming from the underutilization, but we also have an increase in the volume from our 20 terabytes sequentially, and that is positive for the gross margin. I also have to say the pricing environment, especially in the market part is still very favorable. So we don't see a - despite the decline in revenue, we don't see a major impact to our gross margin and profitability in general.
Toshiya Hari: Great. As a quick follow-up, I guess, to your last statement, Gianluca, just on the overall pricing environment. Generally speaking, when demand softens and you've got excess inventory in the system, there's typically downward pressure on pricing. But at the same time, the industry overall has been very disciplined in the past, I guess, several quarters, if not a couple of years, you've got inflationary pressures as well. So I guess you've got an incentive to potentially pass through some of those inflationary pressures. So net-net, how should we think about pricing across the legacy markets and mass capacity over the next couple of quarters. Is there a possibility for you guys to raise pricing? Or is that difficult just given the demand backdrop? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Well, first of all, we need to align supply and demand. And we see it now, what Dave was saying before, when there is extra inventory in the business, we need to reduce our supply so that demand and supply are were aligned. When we have that alignment, of course, the pricing environment gets better. And so right now, we are in the situation of transition from, let's say, in a high inventory to a more healthy business situation. And then, of course, during the rest of the year when demand comes stronger and we're aligned to our supply, we will take any possible action on pricing, but we will look at that later during the year.
Dave Mosley: I think this is where the LTAs have served us pretty well over time to understand all of the macro economic inputs and like I always say that some of the procurement people that are sitting on the other side of the table from us are â they understand what's going on in commodity pricing and freight, just as well as we do. So we work together to come up with a predictable outcome. We believe in the mass capacity markets at least that there's going to be a strong rebound coming. And everyone factoring all these things in, I think it serves us well to know exactly what we're building, what we've qualified and what we'll apply. And so that's what we're trying to do right now is to change the â pivot the operations towards that future supply.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Fox: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions, please. First of all, Gianluca, any help on what you're thinking for CapEx spending this fiscal year? And then secondly, Dave, given that you basically were surprised negatively just a few weeks ago. I'm just trying to understand the biggest factors that make you come out and say that you should start to see a recovery in a couple of quarters. You've touched on a few things, but just maybe give us a sense from - about where that confidence is going at when demand holds up on the data center side and two, that you're not overbuilding into like what could be even a worse macro? Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: On the CapEx side, as you have seen, we have already reduced our spending in fiscal Q4, probably for the fiscal year '23 I don't want to change the range. I think 4% to 6% of the revenue is a good range. But for sure, we'll be in the lower part of the range and similar to what we have done in fiscal '22.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. And I think longer-term discussions with our customers, the bigger the customers there are, the more they're convicted they are on their ultimate need to add capacity because they're the ones that manage cloud storage. Some of the customers that are having, I mentioned a few people that are smaller CSPs that are having some of the inventory issues, we are working closely with them to make sure that we transition to the right products that so we don't build the wrong thing into it. And that's a very tactical thing. That's why we have a conviction that this thing is going to be over pretty soon. We're all cognizant of all the macro trends and watching them every day. So I don't want to gloss over that. But I think as far as demand for data products, I do think there's â there will be a rebound coming when all these issues abate.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe Gianluca, any comments you can just share on cash flow thoughts as we move into this next fiscal year after a strong 2022? Should we expect growth maybe similar to your comments on revenue or just maybe help us parse out how to think about that? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Well, free cash flow, as you said, was good in fiscal '22. We increased about $400 million over fiscal '21. We gave an indication of what we expect for the revenue in fiscal '23, and now you bet  comes through, free cash flow will continue to increase, would be the same level of this improvement in fiscal '22, maybe even it could be higher.
Dave Mosley: Especially at these times, we'll manage cash very carefully, but we also see the mass capacity rebound is what we're projecting that we should be able to - to continue to grow cash flow.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Super. Thanks for the help. And then maybe along those same lines, Gianluca, just obviously, a more challenging macro environment. But any comments you can help us better understand kind of how you're thinking about OpEx as the quarterly run rate is still kind of 350 or any puts and takes that you can help share there would be great. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think between 350 and 360 will be in the range through the fiscal year. We have done a strong control of the OpEx in the last two or three years already. So we think we'll start from a good point. September is demand where we have our annual salary  increase. So we expect little bit of increase starting basically the December quarter, but still in the range, 350 to 360 should be the right range for us.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Sidney Ho: Thank you. I have a quick clarification. I think you - Gianluca talk about expecting revenue growth can resume later in the fiscal year, but you're not necessarily meaning the December quarter, which means - I guess is that right. But my question is when I look at the inventory adjustments and your customers, whether in the PC or elsewhere, what is your thinking about when they will get to the quivering point that your customers stop drilling inventory? And what gives you that kind of confidence?
Gianluca Romano: I'll say, in general, no, we are trying to use this quarter to realign inventory. Of course, as you said, is not - it doesn't depend only from us, but we are reducing our production, and we are taking a fairly low revenue in the quarter in order to do this realignment, So I would say after that, we actually expect to increase revenue sequentially. So December should be better than September quarter and to achieve the revenue that Dave indicated in his prepared remarks, we need to have a fairly good level of revenue in all the three quarters after September.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Great. Maybe I'll just jump into my second question. There's a lot of questions on the cloud already. But I'm curious on the enterprise OEM side of the nearline business. Last quarter, you mentioned you were limited by non-supply shortages. I'm just curious, are you seeing any changes in the demand on that side of the business? And does that business has also as covered as by the LTA as your cloud customers? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, is the answer to your question - to your last question, it's a little bit more complicated than some of the cloud customers. But what I would say, for example, in our prepared remarks on the systems business, we talked about how we saw one of the components that we needed to go chase after revenue and we did that. That's because I think some of the supply-demand picture is changing very rapidly, the things that were constrained components six months ago may not be constrained anymore because of a lot of macro issues. It's not completely all clear yet. There are still component shortages that are affecting the enterprise. I think also the spending reductions by - again, I always see nervous CFOs, which are talking to the CIOs of the world, you know, that's, I think, impacting us a little bit right now as well. Look, long term, I believe that on-prem enterprise is going to be healthy because there's going to be hybrid clouds, not just - not just in the public cloud, but also in the private cloud as well. And so I think those will be strong businesses. They still - they are various challenges there supply-related still, and I think some of that will start to break free over the next six months.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess two questions. First, you talked on the call about excess inventory in the channel for your various end markets. I was curious if you could rank order perhaps works the best by end markets so we get a flavor of where things need to correct. And then I guess, specifically for U.S. data centers. You talked in your prepared remarks around a correction there. It sounds like it's a handful of players. Could you provide perhaps more color on what you're seeing there? And when you think that will start to recover for you? Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, C.J., let me just picture, I got all this right. So the first one was ranked order. I think China generally is the biggest impact. There's impact in distribution channels worldwide consumer and disti  so Europe, Americas, they're both down significantly year-over-year, and that's part of the macro malaise that we've been talking about. The China itself has not only that, but also the VM market and some of the cloud service providers. There's inventory challenges each place, I think, that we're steering at, working through it with those customers. Some of that is macro. Some of it is COVID lockdowns, there's kind of just trepidation in the market because some of the lockdowns happen and then they go for reopening, they pull inventory in and then they can't reopen. I think the world is going to get through these things, but we just have to kind of wait  it out. Can you ask the answer - or ask the second part of your question again?
C.J. Muse: Yeah, sure. In your prepared remarks, you spoke to what I thought I heard was inventory correction that select hyperscale plans. And so I guess, did I hear that correctly and then maybe if you could provide more color on your expectations for that to be cleared out?
Dave Mosley: I don't think there's too much inventory problems as U.S. hyperscalers. I think everyone's having a supply challenges, not necessarily hard drives or whatever. There's - maybe the way I would characterize it is to say that there is pent-up demand for data storage in a lot of markets. And once the world gets through all of these supply challenges, whether they're power supplies or chassis or compute or memory or whatever it is for the each one individual, I think we'll be in a better place. People are working this very hard, and everyone's got their own challenges, but I think we're - that's the thing that the world is just not firing on all cylinders like it was maybe 3 or 4 years ago. And I think we will be able to get back to reach some kind of equilibrium over time.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas OâMalley from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas OâMalley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. My question was just on the long-term agreements that you guys talked about on the call here. When Micron took down numbers, they were asked specifically about whether those long-term agreements were take or pay, and they kind of talked about the fact that they can't really force customers to take their product. What gives you guys the confidence that when you're looking at the back half of this year, your customers aren't going to walk away from those long-term agreements if the market looks a little bit worse than it does today?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. I kind of agree with what you said. We have to work with our customers on these things. I said, I think last quarter, I talked about co-planning more. It's just how many units do you need? What kind of products need to be qualified and it has to go out further because as we're making 20-plus terabyte products or even starting 30-plus terabyte products, we need to know exactly how many of the customers are willing to take and how much to use our factory - use inside of our factories. If something else happened then I think we'd have to work it through with the customers at the time. So it's not really take or pay. And that, from my perspective, the customers have been great working through that. Just trying to give us the right visibility and we hold each other accountable on both sides of the table there. It's working pretty well.
Thomas OâMalley: Great. And then just my follow-up is, even if you do assume some accelerated growth in the back half, obviously, the inventory is working down so that helps a bit. Free cash flow does become a bit challenged. If you were to look at an environment in which free cash flow quarterly perspective goes negative. Can you just talk about or rank order of capital returns? Do you think that you would buy back less stock first? Or do you think that you would rationalize the dividend? Can you just talk about priorities there in terms of where you would be - where you'd be cutting first if the environment kind of persist like it is?
Gianluca Romano: Tom, I don't see that coming through. I don't see any quarter where our free cash flow will go negative. So we have a capital allocation strategy. As I said before, we want to stay focused on shareholder return. I think our free cash flow will be strong in fiscal year '23. I don't see the situation you are - you are showing here?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. The way I'd say it, Tom, is that we're going to go over the cash flow. We had some period very specific things that Gianluca talked about in Q4. I think we can go recover some of those things over time. And some of it is just too much inventory, like I said, before making sure we're building the right thing. So I think once we get through that period, I think we're going to be just fine from a cash flow perspective and even have an opportunity to grow it year-over-year. We have a lot of levers that we can still continue to control.
Thomas OâMalley: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kay Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Kay Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. Yeah, just two quick questions. With all the long-term agreements you have in place, what are the lead times? Or what is the visibility that you're getting from your customers? Second is, are you seeing any change in the trends of lockdowns in China?
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. There's different kinds of LTA depending on the market, depending on which specific customer and their appetite in typically six months to a year, the visibility that we're working together. So - over the last few years, it's gotten longer, so that's good, just making sure we have the right product stage for what they're going to need at that point in time with the predictable economics with them and so on. And relative to China, I think I made a comment earlier, even our own factories have been impacted recently. So making sure that we're doing the right things for the employees, not working them in places where we don't need the materials and things like that is a challenge. I particularly â I personally, you think that things are already getting better, but I also think part of the problem is that we said that three or four , five times and people pulled inventory against a reopening, if you will. It's not even much of a matter of what you're capable of in your factory. It's also what your customers are ready for and whether you can get to just like in the front end of COVID, whether you can get people into build the data centers and all these other things that are going on. The thing I'm focused on the most is the small business aspect of talking to some of our customers about people who have to go actually go in and do the builds in the smart city builds, the smart buildings, hospitals, things like that. That's where any kind of lockdown just really throw that to a loop. And I do think that we're going to continue to see some of it, it will be able a little bit and then we're all looking for improvements in Q2, and it's going to have a break free at some point, so.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Please go ahead with your question.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah, hi. Thanks. Hey, Dave and Gianluca, I know you guys mentioned slightly higher inventory levels. Just wondering if you could help us level set what the inventory levels were, let's say, in China versus or in Asia versus the U.S.? And is your expectation that the inventory normalizes within the quarter here because I think you talked about maybe December quarter revenues start to improve?
Dave Mosley: Right. We're taking action to make sure it improves this quarter. Gianluca made the point earlier is I don't think it will improve all the way, but we'll get the lion share of what we do need to get done this quarter. And again, depending on the pace of some of these recoveries like COVID and some of the other pressures that people are feeling it will happen faster. And the important thing for us is that we make sure that we pivot the customer qualifications and our product towards the stuff that's more modern, higher margins for us that we can make with â that we can make that people actually want to buy that we don't have to go disrupt market anymore.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And I think you mentioned utilization levels. I mean, I believe you indicated that the gross margins should be flat sequentially. Is that right, given that utilization still stay high with the 20-terabyte ramping, I guess, right? Even as you thought is on the supply back. Is that the way to look at it?
Gianluca Romano: Well, we did not guide directly gross margin, but I was answering to a question. I said the negative impact in the December quarter because of some underutilization cost, but is also positive impact coming from higher 20 terabytes and I also said the pricing environment is also still favorable. So overall, we don't see major changes to our profitability.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Great. Thanks a lot.
Dave Mosley: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jamie. I'd like to take the opportunity to once again thank our employees for their incredible efforts and recognize our suppliers and customers for their ongoing support this quarter. It's a challenging environment across the ecosystem, and we appreciate all of your partnerships. Likewise, I appreciate our shareholder community for your ongoing trust in Seagate. Seagate will continue to take actions managed through the current macro dynamics. However, long term, I'm confident that the secular demand for mass capacity storage and infrastructure remains high and remain excited by Seagate's opportunities to deliver value for all the stakeholders. So thanks for joining us, everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury. Please go ahead.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our March quarter fiscal 2022 on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation of the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and assumptions based on information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements as they are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. To learn more about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our future business results, please refer to the press release issued today and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as the supplemental information, all of which may be found on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. Let me turn the call over to Dave for opening remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and a warm welcome to those of you joining us on today's call. Before I begin, I would like to recognize the growing humanitarian crisis taking place in Ukraine. Our thoughts are with the people impacted by the devastation as we continue to hope for a rapid end to this conflict. As this crisis unfolded, distribution channels across the region were understandably impacted, adding to an already strained global supply chain. Specific to our business, we ceased shipments into Russia and Belarus at the onset of the invasion, which typically represents 1 to 2 percentage points of revenue on a quarterly basis. We expect these impacts to persist at least through the fiscal year. Turning to Seagate's March quarter financial performance. Revenue of $2.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.81 were within the ranges provided on our last earnings call and consistent with the revised outlook we shared last month. We continue to see solid cloud demand and that boosted revenue for our nearline products to a fifth consecutive quarterly record. The strong nearline performance was offset to a degree by demand disruptions in other end markets. These include non-HDD component shortages as well as new COVID lockdown measures that intensified toward the end of March, sharply impacting the video and image applications or VIA market. Rising inflationary pressures were an additional burden on profitability for the quarter as we continue to operate amid an unusual mix of external challenges. Our team is executing at a high level in this environment and that is best illustrated with a few key year-over-year comparisons. Relative to Q3 of fiscal 2021, we grew total revenue 3% and nearline revenue 24%. We improved margins and demonstrated strong financial leverage with operating income growth of 12%, significantly faster than revenue growth and we generated free cash flow of $363 million, up 32% year-over-year. These achievements reflect the resiliency of our financial model and our focus on driving profitability and cash generation in an environment where we are poised to capitalize on strong secular growth for mass capacity storage. While the underlying storage demand trends remain intact, the industry-wide supply challenges impacts from the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and COVID restrictions are constraining growth over the near term, which we factored into the June quarter guidance we're providing today. Throughout the past couple of years, our strong supplier relationships, combined with our vertically integrated business model, have enabled us to navigate supply risks to support HDD customer demand. All the while, we've remained highly focused on protecting profitability. In addition to maintaining strong expense discipline, we have recently started to adjust pricing to help combat inflationary impacts in future quarters. Finally, we continue to strategically manage production and execute our product and technology roadmap. These actions are intended to reduce our cost per terabyte and realize operational efficiencies, while delivering cost-efficient, higher-capacity solutions to our customers when they need them most. As we indicated on our last call, we leveraged the seasonal slowdown in the March quarter to begin staging our factories to support strong 20-terabyte demand. I'm delighted to report that we are shipping 20-plus terabyte products in high volume and expect unit shipments to more than triple quarter-over-quarter in FQ4 to well over 1 million units. This puts us on pace for the company to achieve crossover with 18-terabyte drives early in the new fiscal year. The ability to quickly ramp and yield higher capacity products is especially important considering the strong cloud data center demand for nearline drives. Recent CIO surveys confirmed that even in today's challenging macro environment, digital transformation, AI and machine learning remain among the top handful of IT investment priorities. With current non-HDD supply shortages impacting new data center build-outs, many of our cloud customers, particularly in the U.S., are operating at or near record utilization levels and upgrading to higher capacity drives in an effort to keep pace with demand. Seagate is addressing these needs by being the first to high volume with the 20-plus terabyte products, which represents the highest capacity drives commercially available today. With more than half of our cloud business currently covered under long-term agreements, we have visibility to healthy cloud demand into the back half of the calendar year. In the March quarter, mass capacity revenue increased 18% year-over-year and decreased 6% sequentially of a record December quarter. Strong double-digit sequential growth in cloud nearline sales partially offset the impacts of demand constraints in the other mass capacity end markets. In the enterprise and OEM market, some customers continue to grapple with non-HDD supply shortages that have impacted their ability to get parts and address their own in-demand. COVID lockdown measures are limiting near-term demand in the VIA markets. In the March quarter, new security surveillance and smart city infrastructure projects were delayed, due in large part to physical installations being hindered. This situation is similar to what the VIA market experienced in the early days of the pandemic. And based on input from our customers, we remain confident that these projects will resume once conditions improve, which we now expect to occur in the back half of the calendar year. At a high level, demand for video and image applications is on the rise, increasing adoption of high definition cameras, longer data retention rates and the use of AI and analytics enable end users to identify patterns for months of captured data and extract value. Analysts predict that nearly two-thirds of network video cameras will have embedded AI deep learning analytics by 2025, compared with about 15% in 2020. Indicative of these demand trends, Seagate offers purpose built VIA drives that support the heavier workloads and firmware to optimize video AI applications. Our strong customer relationships and breadth of knowledge in storage devices and systems and software and architectures have enabled us to develop product and technology solutions that address the evolving mass capacity storage and infrastructure needs. For example, Seagate's Lyve Cloud platform is aimed at meeting the growing need for a simple, predictable and cost efficient mass data storages and service solution. To-date, we've qualified nearly 30 ecosystem service providers offering capabilities such as backup and recovery that are interoperable with Lyve Cloud. We recently launched Lyve Cloud Singapore, our first platform in the Asia markets. We are continuing to responsibly build out our infrastructure and selectively work with new customer use cases. Overall, I'm really pleased with our progress and ongoing customer momentum. We look forward to sharing more in the year ahead. Looking ahead, Seagate remains well positioned to achieve our long-term financial and business goals. We are focused on driving profitability toward the upper half of our long-term margin ranges over the next few quarters. At the same time, we expect to extend our track record to a strong cash flow generation while executing our product and technology roadmap that collectively puts us on the right path to capture mass capacity storage opportunities and enhance value for all of our key stakeholders. We are taking aggressive actions that span cost management, pricing strategy, and operational efficiencies that target margin expansion and further strengthen our competitive position. I'll now hand the call over to Gianluca to cover the financial results.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate navigated its way through a very dynamic macro environment, and typically there's lowest seasonal period of the year, to deliver financial performance consistent with our revised expectation from the beginning of March. In the March quarter, revenue was $2.8 billion and reflected 3% year-over-year increase. Non-GAAP operating margin was nearly 17%, up 140 basis point year-over-year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.81, up 22% year-over-year. The hard disk drive business ship approximately 154 exabytes, down 6% sequentially and up 10% year-on-year. Strong demand for high capacity nearline drives, boosted average capacity per total HDD drive to a record 6.7 terabyte, up 10% sequentially and 32% year-on-year. The demand for our nearline product supported mass capacity revenue of $1.9 billion, down 6% sequentially, but up 18% compared with a prior year period. Shipment into the mass capacity markets totaled 133 exabytes, down 3% sequentially and up 20% year-over-year. Our nearline product segment continues to grow with revenue outpacing the broader mass capacity business once again. In the March quarter, we increased shipment to 117 exabytes, up 6% sequentially and 23% year-on-year supported by the ongoing adoption of our 18 terabyte drives and initial volume shipment of our new 20-plus terabyte products. Our leading nearline portfolio coupled with a very agile supply chain resulted in record cloud market revenue in the March quarter. Consistent with our comment in early March, demand for the VIA market were lower than anticipated due primarily to delayed project spending in China, resulting from disruption related to COVID and shifting government priorities. We do expect demand to improve once COVID-related restriction begin to ease and project installation can resume. Within the legacy markets, revenue came in at $642 million, down 17% sequentially and 26% year-over-year. Quarter-over-quarter, the pace of decline was similar across each of the legacy end markets. However, the year-over-year decline was more pronounced in the PC market due in part to OEM continuing to balance component inventory. Non-HDD revenue was down roughly 19% sequentially to $237 million, coming off a record December quarter. Both our system and SSD businesses were impacted by key component availability, which left us enabled to fulfill all the customer demand. A trend that we expect to continue in the June quarter, despite these challenges non-HDD revenue was essentially flat year-over-year and demand remains solid, notably for the system business with a record order backlog exiting the quarter. Moving on to our operational performance, non-GAAP gross profit in the March quarter was $817 million, compared to $749 million in the prior year period. Our corresponding non-GAAP gross margin was 29.2% down 150 basis points sequentially, but up 180 basis points year-over-year. The ongoing transition to both higher capacity drives and cost optimized products provided some offset to the slowdown in the VIA market and continued elevated logistic and component cost. HDD gross margin was inside of our long-term target range of 30% to 33%. And we expect our HDD and total company gross margin to trend higher in the June quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $345 million in line with our expectation. We estimate the OpEx will move slightly higher in the June quarter due to an increase in business travel and sales and marketing activities. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $472 million, which translates into non-GAAP operating margin of 16.8% and reflecting lower sequential business volumes and the temporary margin pressure discussed earlier. Based on diluted share count of approximately 222 million shares, non-GAAP for the March quarter was $1.81 within our original guidance range and consistent with our update in early March. Inventory increased by $192 million to approximately $1.5 billion, as we continue making strategic purchases of critical components, optimized use of ocean freight to reduce logistic cost and support future product demand. Given the current microenvironment, we believe inventory around this level is appropriate for the next couple of quarters. Capital expenditure were $97 million for the quarter, up slightly quarter-over-quarter. We expect to be at or below the low end of our target range of 4% to 6% of revenue for fiscal 2022, which is adequate to support our future product and services roadmap, while maintaining our focus on aligning HD supply with demand. Free cash flow generation for the March quarter was $363 million, up 32% year-over-year. Fiscal year today through our March quarter, we have generated nearly $400 million more in free cash flow as compared to the previous year, enabling Seagate to continue its strong return of capital to shareholders. In the March quarter, we used $154 million for the quarterly dividend and $417 million to repurchase 4.2 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 216 million shares outstanding and approximately $2.8 billion remaining in our authorization. We ended the March quarter with cash and cash equivalent of $1.1 billion and total liquidity was approximately $2.9 billion, including our revolving credit facility. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.7 billion for the 12 month period ending in March with our leverage ratio declining slightly to 2.1x. Total debt balance at the end of the quarter declined to $5.6 billion, reflecting the planned repayment of $120 million in debt during the March quarter. In summary, once the March quarter was very challenging, we delivered top and bottom line results that were within our original guidance range with agile operational execution and ongoing focus on optimizing profitability and free cash flow generation. Entering the June quarter, the operating environment has remained challenging. We have not yet seen an improvement related to COVID shutdowns in China, but we anticipate in early March and known HDD component shortages and geopolitical dynamics have intensified. As a result, we expect these external factors to constrain demand growth over the near-term. With that in mind, we expect June quarter revenue to be in a range of $2.8 billion plus or minus $150 million. We expect the action that we are taking to mitigate external challenges combined with a more favorable product mix to support June quarter non-GAAP operating margin at the low end of our revised long-term range of 18% to 22% of revenue. Finally, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.90 plus or minus $0.20, an increase of 5% sequentially at the midpoint. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. The fundamental demand drivers from mass capacity storage remain intact, while the external challenges discussed today are impacting our Q4 outlook. I am confident in the long-term growth trajectory of the business backed by the combined strength of our operational execution, technology roadmap and strong product portfolio. Demand for data continues to grow in both public and private clouds and at the edge with a broadening of VIA applications. These trends support mass capacity revenue TAM doubling every five years or so and reaching $26 billion by calendar 2026. Seagate’s leadership in mask capacity technology and strong product portfolio make us ideally positioned to capture these opportunities from the 20 plus terabyte drives we are shipping today to the 30 plus terabyte HAMR products under development, along with our cost optimized portfolio of mid-cap drives. We are taking actions to improve margin and cash flow as we move through the calendar year, barring any additional macro disruption, which is consistent with our priorities to drive profitability and free cash flow generation. Finally, embedded in Seagate’s culture of innovation and execution is our commitment to running a sustainable business, one that balances profitability with people and our planet. We marked Earth Day this year with the release of our 16th Global Citizenship Annual Report, an announcement of two important goals that reflect our deep commitment to sustainability. The first goal is to utilize 100% renewable energy across our global footprint by 2030. The second is to achieve net zero carbon footprint by 2040 done in collaboration with our customers to eliminate Scope 3 emissions and, in turn, support their environmental goals. We continue to see opportunities to partner more closely with customers for the benefit of sustainability as well as circularity. The world's precious resources are finite and we are working to expand programs focused on reducing our impact to the planet through efforts to recycle and reuse drives, components and raw materials. I'm very proud of the important work our teams are accomplishing. In fiscal 2021, we recycled more than 1 million drives and recovered over 1 metric ton of rare earth materials. I'd like to conclude by thanking our employees for their incredible efforts, our suppliers and customers for their partnership and our shareholders for their ongoing trust in Seagate. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about the demand trends in China more broadly beyond the video and image applications market? And any impacts that you might be seeing from the lockdowns from a supply perspective as well? And maybe also comment on demand trends at hyperscalers? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Sure. Thanks, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. A few things, I'd say, just mindful of geopolitical challenges everywhere. And I think the channels, to your question, the distribution channels are quite disrupted everywhere, not just in Europe, but all over the world. The COVID shutdowns obviously affecting major cities to the extent we have customers in those cities, the customers aren't – can't deal with their demand predictably, they can't install gear at the rate that they were thinking about because people are in lockdown and, of course, having issues. We don't really have any concerns over China cloud long-term and there is strong customer interest in 18s and 20s and dual actuators and all the other things that we make for the cloud. So that's actually a pretty good story for us still. The VIA markets, like you've mentioned, but also the distribution channel, what's really being impacted more, and that's where you get value-added resellers that just can't – they don't have access to either their end customers very well or they don't have confidence. So there's a lot of trepidation around the channel. They're not pulling a lot of inventory into which is from a disk drive perspective is actually – I don't think there's too much inventory in the channels. There are some other component issues to your question, so some people are having challenges getting smaller components. Relative to our logistics, the costs are up, but there is no real impact to our supply for HDDs. But we are mindful of the fact that they're – especially when we build the systems business, like in our script, Gianluca talked about some shortages we had in the systems business, when you get into smaller piece parts and more boutique parts that aren't high volume, it gets tougher, especially for all those people doing the integration. That's would affect – that's what's affecting demand.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, great. Thanks Dave. And then as a follow-up, given sort of all these macro headwinds and the changes in sort of the demand trajectory, at least in the near-term, how are you thinking about the calendar year? I know you had previously expected sort of a mid-single-digit growth in that. It feels as though the second half now needs to have significantly higher growth than the first half and compares are also a little bit tougher in the third quarter. So anything you can help us to think about the second half of the calendar year? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that's right. The lockdowns and some of the other things that are going on macro level have affected the first half. We still think that there is growth coming in the second half. There is another year of mass capacity revenue growth, which is plugging along nicely. There is healthy cloud demand we see further out. We do think some of these temporal things that I just referenced is – we'll abate at some point, but I think it's a little bit too early to call that number. So, we'll probably just talk to you about it on the next earnings call. Yes, Gianluca wants to add some.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say the COVID situation in China and Asia in general is probably limiting a little bit our visibility right now. So it's difficult to now have a clear estimate of the calendar 2022. But as Dave said, we are confident on a very strong second half of the calendar year.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom O'Malley from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tom O'Malley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. You mentioned a couple of times in the script that you're going to continue to take actions to help margins and cash flow. Can you talk about the pricing environment? Are you looking strategically at how you're pricing your product given the way that market trends have gone? I know like specifically outside of the COVID impact you've already seen, just talk about the broad market. And are you using pricing to your advantage as you see inflation and some other factors impact your supply chain?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tom. I wouldn't say pricing to our advantage, but I would say that we're very mindful of all the trends that are going on. So there are freight and logistics costs, which we've talked about fairly openly. In the early days, we called some of that COVID impacts. We really didn't quantify it anymore, but there are other raw materials that the prices are going up. And the way we address those things are product transitions, complexity reduction, which is actually helping with some of the supply chain challenges, working with our customers to come up with more creative alternatives, say, for example, ocean freight, and the customers can help there as well. So we work in partnership, but we do need to be very mindful of the fact that as we go through product transitions to higher and higher content drives, we need to get paid for our investment as well. So pricing will be a factor in all of those things. And that's what we're driving with the discussions that we have with our customers.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. The price environment in March was still favorable, so it's not that we see deterioration on that standpoint. However, now we need to improve our gross margin, part of the improvement will come from our mix with a much higher 20-terabyte volume, but we also need to work on our pricing in order to offset at least partially, all the cost increase that we – now we are getting from higher inflation and still very high freight cost so – and also a little bit of the impact from the VIA segment. VIA segment is a segment with a good gross margin for us. So having lower volume is, of course, impacting our financial performance. We think in the June quarter, the VIA segment will start to improve, but still not at the level we were expecting maybe three or four months ago. So all this together is driving our decision to work a little bit on the pricing side. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect the June quarter to have higher profitability for Seagate.
Tom O'Malley: Got you. And then just as a follow-up. You've given some color on the VIA market. But just on the legacy market, in terms of exabytes, you saw a pretty substantial step down. I think you mentioned PCs year-over-year. What do you see that market doing in June? Obviously, that is probably external from some of the COVID and China impacts that you've seen. Where do you see that business trending into the June quarter? And could you just describe some of the factors that are moving that around right now? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think the large – for the large part, Seagate is not really exposed to the PC market anymore. There is a little bit especially gaming PCs and some specialty PCs. There's a little bit in there still. The distribution channel still uses some PC drives as well, but the volume is very small compared to what it was historically. The other things like consumer, obviously, consumers impacted by inflation mission-critical, it's still in there because there's 100 million slot – SaaS slots out there in the world, some of them want replacement drives and things like that. So it's, I would say, generally flat. It is impacted by spending reductions that happened when things happen in the world, but what we saw in the frontend of the pandemic is it came back relatively strong, I don't expect consumer to come back strong, like the work-from-home trends created. I don't expect this part of the pandemic to create the same thing. But the legacy market is not going down very much anymore. So flat is probably the way I'd call it for a couple of quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Dave, maybe if you could add a little more color in terms of the supply chain issues. You mentioned that it wasn't so much at Seagate, but your customers. Is there a possibility that it could be a large ramp-up when some of these supply chain issues abate where you'll have to ramp up to meet, I guess, pent-up customer demand? And how do you look at your current capacity in meeting that kind of potential surge down the road?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Patrick. Yes, a couple of things on that point. We talk to the customers deeply, trying to understand their forecasts and things like that for what they need. So we know there is pent-up demand out there. We always – all of us, the customers and ourselves are always asking is it double booking or something like that. But the way the orders are getting filled today when the supply does break free, I'm confident that there is some snowplow pent-up demand there coming. So that's a – that's good trend. It doesn't mean that it will be solved overnight. It's not one particular type. Like everyone talks about, semiconductor parts being the gate or something like that, I mean, from what we see, there is small piece parts, passives. There is even sheet metal. I mean, it's – a lot of it comes down to whether people can get people into factories, whether the suppliers can get people into factories to build all the parts, and that – that's where the shutdown start having some problems, but are creating some problems just like the frontend of the pandemic. I do think it's going to abate a little bit quicker this time. And so, we'll see. We're working with the customers. We are also building up a little bit of inventory right now. And so, we have inventory to answer the call for them. We're kind of happy with our balance of supply and demand today and happy to go into the back half of the year, but we do have a little bit of extra inventory should the customers need it.
Gianluca Romano: We are ramping the 20 terabyte very, very rapidly. And as we said before, we will move an important volume in the June quarter, but we are still ramping production, so that we will have even a higher volume for September and December.
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful. And maybe as my follow-up question for you, Gianluca, in terms of gross margins, I know there are a lot of moving pieces in terms of pricing, capacity, drives. But maybe just focusing on the cost front is – are freight and logistics costs the largest, I guess, headwind that is facing gross margins? Or are there other costs that are having a bigger impact at least in the near-term?
Gianluca Romano: I will say in the near-term, for sure, freight and logistics is a major item. We also have some of the component costs that are increasing, not at the level of inflation, but they are increasing a little bit compared to what was maybe in September quarter and December quarter last year. And now, we are taking our actions to improve our efficiency internally, to move our mix as much as we can to higher capacity drive and some of the pricing action we discussed before. So we think already in the June quarter, we will have a better gross margin and operating margin.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Krish Sankar from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, hello guys. This is Eddie for Krish. Congrats on strong results and challenging environment. I have a question on gross margin, not asking for a second half but it seems like June implies improvement in gross margin. And the way I'm thinking about it as a video comes back and 20 terabyte continues to ramp. We should see improvement in second half for gross margin. Is it the right way to think about it? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks Eddie. It is we – to first order supply and demand being balance is the thing that affects it the most to the extent that we can ramp the new programs and sell those. I think and they're yielding well and the scrap is low and everything else, which I'm very happy with. I think that's the best way to address the market. The 20 terabyte high volume that we talked about in the back half of the year will certainly be a great product from a margin perspective. But even though these midcap cost optimized drives that we've launched in the last six month, those are really hitting their stride as well. So I think we've got a good portfolio to go forward when all the demand comes back to Patrick's question, right. We've got a good portfolio to go forward. Factories will be full, so the margins should improve.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors, LLC. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Two questions if I could. First of all, can you just be a little bit more specific on your expectations for how the lockdowns in China impact the business relative in the June quarter, relative to where we're at right now? I'm just wondering what you're factoring in there. And then secondly, if I look at the margin guidance for the June quarter, it looks like the operating margins call it roughly flat on-site decline in sales on a year-over-year basis. Can you talk about the puts and takes versus a year ago in terms of the flat margins, what you're dealing with now versus a year ago and how the mix is helping each other? Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I’d say for the COVID, we expect unfortunately – no, this situation to last probably through big – major part of the quarter, maybe the entire quarter. As we have seen in the last two and a half year, those things usually don't go away very quickly. So this is part of what we guided. Then in term of gross margin or as I said before, we have items that we can work on in order to improve our profitability also in the short-term. And despite those cost increases that we are experiencing right now, we are very confident with demand on our 20 terabyte. I will say this is probably the major driver for our improvement in gross margin in the short-term. And as you know, every quarter we are able to improve our internal efficiency and get a little bit of the cost down despite all the external cost that we need to offset.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just to start, Dave, do you mind just providing a few more details just on some of the pricing actions you guys are taking in this market and ways that you can offset some of this component cost inflation?
Dave Mosley: Yes, obviously Erik, there's a distribution channel worldwide, that's the stuff that we can move fastest things that we have for example, long-term agreements or key OEM relationships where we're trying to drive predictably, that stuff that's moves slower. Sometimes the inflationary pressures come really quickly. Sometimes there are things that are affecting everyone. And so I think everyone gets it. We deal with procurement people who are experts themselves, they know what's going on. They know what we're suffering with. Again, our first answer isn't pricing, it's usually to try to help each other for ways around it. But ultimately, we have to get paid for what we do. So, I mean, there's different time horizons, I guess, is the best way to say it for what we can go implement.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just as a follow-up to get back to one of the questions about legacy markets earlier, maybe can you just dig one little deeper and try to parse out, maybe how you guys are thinking about the supply challenges that your customers are going through versus any kind of impact to demand that they might be seeing that might compound those supply challenges or more than offset those supply challenges? That's it for me? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Not too much on legacy. I think it does – there's some interesting trends going on. I won't opine on this too much other than to say that as I talk to different customers, there are some people who are being forced through product transitions and sometimes that's a way to alleviate ultimately the supply challenge, but you go through a product transition to the new product to make it more efficient so that people can get more parts, but then there your legacy stuff, if you will goes into life and that becomes a challenge for you as well, because you need some of the legacy stuff to go make your product. So it's a complicated world, when supplies behind demand on all of these parts, because people are trying to get you more parts, but they're taking you through these product transitions and not everybody goes at the same speed through them. And we don't really have that issue too much in the HDD business, but we see it a lot outside of us. So we're mindful of that and we'll have to work with the customers on it.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go back to Wamsi's question at the beginning around kind of the full calendar year. I could appreciate that, there's a lot of move parts and you don't want to give a full year guidance, but I guess my simple question is, do you think this calendar year you can grow revenue? And the reason I'm asking is that, even on a flattish revenue basis, it would imply, seemingly healthier that ramped into the second half of the calendar year than we've seen over the last couple of years. So I'm just going to – any thoughts around that? I know you talk about visibility on the cloud side, into the second half being strong. Again, can you grow this calendar year?
Dave Mosley: Sure. I'll give my take on it, Aaron, and then I'll hand it over to Gianluca. I think it all comes down to what are the dynamics that we're seeing tactically in the channels right now. I mean, I think the demand is out there and certainly from the cloud side, the demand is ultimately out there. And then even on the enterprise side, the nearline enterprise, if you will, there's demand, people kidding the entire – getting the entire kit apart is probably more of the issue. So like we referred to earlier, we're actually snowplowing some of that demand right now. To the extent, we can get all of that. We've got a great product set coming as well. So we're really happy about that. We do think there's going to be revenue growth in the back half of the year, but when you get into these compares, I think it just gets a little too early given exactly what we're going through right now.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I would say if you just look at demand, demand could drive revenue above what we did in calendar 2021, the point is how much of a demand we can really serve. And right now we don't have the full visibility to give you a clear indication. So we said before we are confident on demand. We are confident that the second part of the calendar year will be strong. But again, we are not today in a position to really quantify that because we don't know how much we can serve.
Aaron Rakers: And as a quick follow up, and I appreciate that, thinking about gross margin, you've said for the last couple quarters, HDD gross margins been solidly in your 30% to 33% range, how do we think about the trajectory of the non-HDD gross margin as we look forward?
Dave Mosley: Yes, it's actually an interesting question. We think that we were definitely snowplowing some demand on the system side. We made reference to that. That's where we had some of our component challenges that we couldn't get enough components. And so had we probably been able to attain that I think the margins would've been higher and I'll say at the same level as the HDD gross margins, per our plans. But if it were to drop too much than we might not do that business, but we think that on the system side, there's quite a bit of opportunity and the rest of the stuff in the consumer markets and SSD, we're opportunistic. We take advantage of the kind of current environment, user brand. I would say, think about it as flat. We were just challenged because we can get enough parts last quarter.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. This quarter in SSD, we also had some component cost increase, so we didn't have a particularly high gross margin. So this is also impacting our total gross margin for the quarter. But on the hard disk side, as you said, we were well into the range.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Good.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Another gross margin question implied in your guide looks like roughly 75 to 100 bps increase in gross margins on flattish revenues. So curious, what the key kind of positive drivers are there, is that entirely higher pricing or is there a little kiss from VMX or is there something else in there that we should be thinking of?
Dave Mosley: I think it's largely mixed. Not just VMX, but VMX is a little bit of it. I mean, we do see that market starting to recover like this. So there's a pent-up demand there that ultimately gets served if people find the right components, but 20 terabytes, the mid-cap drives that we talked about the cost optimized mid-cap drives, which are ramping as well. I'm happy with the yields, the factories are full, those are the things that really help us drive the margins.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And I guess as my follow up, is there a way to put a number on what kind of demand from the BS side has been pushed out to the second half? And if you assume there's no demand disruption, what kind of incremental revenues that could look like?
Dave Mosley: Tough question. I don't know that we've ever really thought of it like that. But I do think that I'll let Gianluca answer here. What I would say C.J. is that at a high level, there's big customers and small customers, the small customers in the channel are the ones that are the most disrupted. The business is being serviced around the world, VIA business is being serviced by individual operators. I call it a white van business sometimes. And so –and that's a fairly profitable set of channels for us. So I think that's what we're going to have to watch the recovery of in order to predict how it goes.
Gianluca Romano: If I'm trying to quantify, last quarter, we said we were expecting fiscal 2022 to be between 12% and 14% higher than fiscal 2021. And right now, based on what we guided will be probably around between 10 and 11. So the Delta is mainly the VIA market decline. So this is what is probably pushing out more or less.
Dave Mosley: Yes, it's not just the one big customer, two big customers though. The diverse channels are the ones that are really being impacted, I think.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cassidy: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe my question's around the same. The inventory builds that you saw this quarter, was that VIA products, did you say? And also how fungible is your manufacturing? Can you move from VIA to the more the nearline products?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. There is some VIA product that is actually nearline product. Yes. And to the extent that we’re ramping those cost optimized mid-cap to satisfy those markets, it’s the same product exactly. Not too much. Most of what we’re talking about is as far as inventory whip and raw materials is really driving 20 terabyte transitions and still selling what we had on the older products, but making sure we wind up for this big ramp that we’ve got on 20s. So that’s the big play there. There’s some small VIA, and there’s some small even legacy, just because the demand’s down a little bit. We keep the factories going and then we repurpose the factories towards more mass capacity later that we’ve been on that trajectory of transition if you will, for the last five years.
Kevin Cassidy: Right. And maybe just what visibility do you have? I guess, what lead time are you giving your customers if they place an order today?
Dave Mosley: Totally depends on the product, of course. But one of the reasons why we’re driving the discussions that we are with the cloud is because their volume is so high, not just in number of drives, in heads and media and things like that. We want to make sure we have the right thing for their transition. So those visibilities, if you will, the lead times could be six months. That’s from way for start to drive out. It’s longer than that for some of these big cloud drives. Other markets, we may have – we may want six or eight week visibility. Not too much of our businesses, I’ll call it highly transactional at the end, like it used to be. But if that helps you, different markets are different, the cloud being the longest.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks guys for taking the question. Yes, a couple, if I could. Dave, what’s your – what you guys view on this cloud – kind of cloud demand this cloud cycle kind of going into calendar year 2023 at this point. And then I have a quick related follow-up. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think there’s a lot – it is hard to manage data centers at high volume, I think like a lot of people are learning in the world. So as I think about some of the smaller providers around the world, it’s not easy to ramp and scale and things like that. So there are all kinds of distractions, especially with the supply chain things that are going on in the world. The bigger you get, the more you have to take offline some older stuff and refurb and upgrade. So it becomes an enormous operational challenge. And I really appreciate how hard that is for everyone to manage. And so therefore, you hear people going through various trends. My sense is right now higher capacity drives are in a hot commodity. I think that the world will go to more bigger percentage of higher capacity drives in the future. I think when we talked about these utilization rates being larger than they ever have been kind of record utilization rates in the cloud. I mean, people have really kind of squeezed as much as they could out of the existing data infrastructure. There’s not a lot of drives that aren’t working 24/7 or aren’t full or that kind of thing in that environment and data just keeps growing. So, from my perspective, directly to question, CY2023 will continue to grow in exabytes. And we’re on a trajectory here in five plus years to double the revenue out of mass capacity. And our products are staged really well for that. So the discussions – the long-term discussions that we’re having with everybody, again, everyone going through temporal problems right now in supply chain, but the long-term discussions are quite favorable for us.
Ananda Baruah: That’s super helpful. And I guess, a follow-up to that is, you guys have talked – you did some – sort of had some conversation last year about increasing, so there’s a number what you consider to be sort of your larger cloud-related customers, I think to 15 or so from 10 or so. Are you seeing like what’s going on with supply chain and macro, et cetera? Are you seeing any impact to the pacing of the development of those customers?
Dave Mosley: Yes. If you read that into my last answer, there’s definitely some of the smaller players that are trying to grow more quickly that are having their own issues with supply chain. And that’s a function of maybe just experience so far. They have aspirational goals to grow much bigger. We can try to help them, but they are going through various supply chain issues. And we think some of that will abate over time. And some of it actually, frankly, they’ll pick architectures that are much more common out there in the world versus trying to optimize their own architecture as well to satisfy application set just because of the supply chain problem. So that’ll probably help the supply situation as well.
Ananda Baruah: All right. That’s really helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you. You’ve been very clear about the challenges in China on the video imaging. And also the visibility you have kind of in the second half of the year. The question I have is, is there a risk that if – and who knows, but if COVID continues to remain an issue and certain locations have kind of a zero tolerance policy that this actually could not come back in the second half of the year? Or is there – you have visibility that regardless of the demand for the video imaging in Asia will come back in the second half of the year? I’m just trying to understand that a little bit. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Right. I think Jim it’s too early to tell. But there is uncertainty. Yes. And you can tell that in our comments. Talking to our customer, the demand is out there. They continue to innovate on feature sets and smart city feature sets and surveillance feature sets. And these things are needed around the world. I mean, to make people safer and to drive all kinds of efficiencies. I’ve had some great conversations about consumer behavior and getting some efficiencies out of that that would help everybody’s margins. And so there’s all these ideas usually that comes with installing new NVR or DVR boxes at the edge, because that’s where a lot of the analytics are done. It’s just right now, I think these channels are fairly disrupted in worldwide, and the bars are – the integrators are not willing to stick their necks out too far because they don’t know exactly what’s going to happen next. And I do think that COVID is a significant part of that, especially in China. I think that once that abates then the new feature sets will be in demand. And I think we’ll start to see it come back.
Gianluca Romano: In the last 2.5 years we have lived with a lot of uncertainties. So we think we have managed those fairly well. But of course, it depends from the magnitude and we don’t know what will happen next month and next quarter. But as Dave said, we expect that to start to improve hopefully soon and demand to come back quickly.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG [sic] SEI. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. It’s actually SIG. I had one quick follow-up. I’m just curious how do you guys forecast nearline demand for more than one quarter and specifically for North American customers?
Dave Mosley: Well, we – Mehdi, I think we talked about quite a bit of our LTAs that we have. It’s not really even forecast at some level, it’s strong discussions that we’re having with customers. When you start talking in the millions and millions of units, and staging the right product for what they need and filling hubs, even a 10% error is just something that we actually put in the hubs around. So, we’re not even forecasting, it’s more co-planning, I would say, the co-planning exercises that we’re doing now.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Miller from The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Mark Miller: Thank you for taking my questions. First question, can you give us an update on HAMR? And then the follow-up question is you’re talking about being at the low end of your capital spending for fiscal 2022. Do you anticipate you’ll have to add component production capacity in fiscal 2023?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Mark. So yes, HAMR, we started talking a couple quarters ago about being in product development. So if you’ve watched our companies long enough, you know what that means. We’re kind of in the final throws of development doesn’t mean that the product’s done by any stretch of the imagination, but confidence is pretty high. The gains that have been made in HAMR and reliability testing have been fantastic late. I mean, to the point where we have productizable components right now, we got to get the yields up. We got to solve all the other problems. It’s not just about heat assisted magnetic recording, it’s about all the other things that have to come together in a 30 plus terabyte drive. But we have confidence. We’ve been staging for quite a long time. We’re very communicative with our customers on this, because this is a jump that frankly, they want really badly because that helps their TCO proposition. And there’s a whole host of new features that come out on some other schedule that we’re working with them on as well. So we’re in the throws of product development, customer communications and everything else that will keep you posted on that. It’s going quite well.
Gianluca Romano: I think the second question was on CapEx, I think. Yes. So for fiscal 2022, we are at the low – in the low part of the 4% to 6% range of revenue, of course. Now we don’t guide fiscal 2023 today, but I don’t see any reason why we should be out of that range also for next year.
Dave Mosley: Yes. And if you’re implication, Mark was about components around HAMR, I think we’ve been planning for that for quite some time. So the tools that we’re using that we have to buy are HAMR compatible to the first order and we know how to integrate those.
Mark Miller: I was also thinking about the ramp of 20 terabyte.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Yes. It’s the same tool set, yes.
Mark Miller: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Jason. In summary, long-term growth drivers for mass capacity infrastructure haven’t changed and it’s all underpinning growing demand in the cloud and at the edge, it’s all about data. Seagate’s strong operational execution and product roadmap position, our technology, we’re really well positioned to capture these opportunities to expand profitability, enhanced value for all of our stakeholders. I like to thank our employees again for their outstanding efforts in these tough times, and thank our customer, suppliers and investors for their continued support. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Brent, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye. 
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December quarter fiscal 2022 results on the Investors section of our website.  
 During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts.  
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements including our March quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions.  
 These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions.  
 Now I'll hand the call over to you, Dave. 
William Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello to everyone joining us on today's call. Seagate ended calendar year 2021 on a high note, delivering another solid performance in the December quarter, highlighted by revenue of $3.12 billion, our best in over 6 years. And non-GAAP EPS of $2.41, representing the highest level in nearly a decade. This performance is all the more impressive in light of the supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures we are experiencing today and further demonstrates the consistent execution, operational agility and sharp focus on expense discipline that we have displayed throughout the year.  
 To that point, in calendar year 2021, we achieved revenue of nearly $12 billion, up 18% compared with the prior calendar year. We expanded non-GAAP EPS by more than 75%, and we grew free cash flow by nearly 40%, truly an outstanding year of growth that shows we are capitalizing on the secular tailwinds driving long-term mass capacity storage demand. As we shared many times before, driving profitability and free cash flow generation remain 2 of Seagate's top priority and underpin our focus on enhancing value for our customers and shareholders.  
 Since the onset of the pandemic, we have consistently executed our product road map and made investments to deliver cost-efficient, higher capacity drives that offer business value for our customers while also enhancing Seagate's financial profile. We extended our proven common platform drive family from 16 to 18 and now to 20 terabytes and beyond. We also address cloud customers' performance needs through our industry-leading dual actuator technology. We've made these advancements while notably returning more than $4 billion to our shareholders through our quarterly dividend and share repurchase programs.  
 Our execution and product momentum position Seagate to deliver a third consecutive calendar year of top line growth. We currently expect calendar year '22 revenue to increase 3% to 6% with further growth beyond, consistent with our long-term model range.  
 Let me spend a few minutes discussing the current business environment. In the December quarter, we again generated record mass capacity revenue with growth led by demand from cloud customers. We achieved our highest ever cloud customer revenue, supported by sales of our 18 terabyte nearline products, which significantly increased quarter-over-quarter consistent with our plans.  
 HDDs are a critical enabling technology for the growing data sphere. As we shared a year ago at our analyst event and our results demonstrate, HDDs have a well-established place in the data center ecosystem, and we do not expect that to change over the next decade or longer.  
 For the past couple of years, Seagate has been a beneficiary of increasing cloud data center investments to support remote work, remote education and the digital transformation trends that continue to take place. Analysts forecast another year of strong double-digit cloud CapEx growth in calendar 2022. Several powerful themes emerged from this year's CES conference that support our longer-term demand outlook. And underscore a clear business need to capture, access and analyze massive and growing volumes of data.  
 New use cases highlight how data-intensive applications such as AI, autonomous vehicles or smart cities can improve business or social value and drive demand for mass capacity storage, both in the cloud and at the edge. We have previously shared how emerging use cases at the edge are driving meaningful opportunities within the VIA market. These applications utilize high-definition video and AI analytics to capture and extract data value.  
 In the December quarter, sales of our VIA products remain healthy, and we expect the March quarter to be seasonally slower, consistent with historical trends. Longer term, we continue to forecast exabyte growth in the mid-teens, supported by expanding opportunities at the edge.  
 Moving to our other markets. Sequential growth from the cloud in the December quarter was somewhat counterbalanced by lower revenue in the enterprise, OEM and legacy PC markets that we attribute primarily to the COVID-related supply challenges that dominated broader industry headlines. 
 As we indicated last quarter, non-HDD component shortages are disrupting some of our enterprise and OEM customer shipment plans, which impact both mass capacity nearline and legacy mission-critical drives. We are mindful that these supply pressures and other COVID-related measures could further weigh on the typical March quarter seasonality that we anticipate in the VIA and legacy markets. However, customers are managing through the tight supply environment and expect conditions to ease over the next couple of quarters.  
 Seasonality and temporary constraints aside, the long-term mass capacity demand trends remain strong. In this environment, we remain focused on exercising capital discipline to align supply with demand and continue to engage with customers on their longer-term demand requirements to ensure that our production capacity plans align with their future ramp time lines. With lead times for high-capacity HDDs of 6 months or longer, an increasing portion of our nearline drive revenue is under long-term agreements with momentum to expand even further.  
 We are executing our innovative mass capacity road map and cost reduction plans to offer a compelling value proposition for our customers that is also financially attractive for Seagate. We are ramping 20-terabyte drives, extending our common platform to a third generation. For a couple of quarters now, cloud data center customers have shown very strong pull for these drives.  
 The TCO value proposition for transitioning to higher capacity drives is compelling. Consider first that a move from 18 to 20 terabytes represents an 11% boost in storage capacity, and then layer on the savings realized across the data center buildout. At the system level, customers require less networking gear and other ancillary parts to support the same storage capacity. On both fronts, these gains translate to meaningful cost efficiencies, which may be further enhanced given the part shortages and inflationary pressures in today's market.  
 All indications point to a very steep production ramp for our 20-terabyte products with the potential of surpassing the record-setting ramp we saw for our 16-terabyte drives. As a result, we are using the seasonal slowdown in the March quarter to stage our factory operations to support strong 20-terabyte demand as the year unfolds. Our common platform approach helps to facilitate this process by enabling us to quickly transition and ramp new products into the market.  
 Our 20-terabyte drives highly leverage the head and media technology that power our 18-terabyte product family, making the production process well understood and haste in time to yield. This strategy also provides manufacturing flexibility and improves our overall cost efficiencies across the breadth of our common platform family, which currently spans 16 through 20 terabyte capacities for CMR products with some customers stretching to 22 terabytes using SMR feature sets.  
 We are driving additional manufacturing and cost benefits by incorporating the same media and head technology to produce cost optimized drives, spanning capacities down to 2 terabyte drives.  
 In addition to improving manufacturing flexibility, these cost optimized drives can require fewer heads and disks, which offset some of the near-term inflationary component pressures. In the December quarter, the revenue contribution from products using higher aerial density drives increased to nearly 40% of total HDD revenue.  
 Wrapping up, we entered the March quarter amid a challenging supply environment. However, I remain optimistic for conditions to gradually improve. Importantly, our strong product portfolio and operational execution put Seagate in excellent position to deliver on our long-term revenue growth model and generate strong free cash flow in 2022 and beyond, underpinned by growing demand for mass capacity storage beyond 20 terabytes.  
 I'll now hand the call over to Gianluca to cover the financial results. 
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate continued to execute well and navigate a complex business environment to deliver a solid financial performance aligned with our expectations. In the December quarter, we grew revenue to $3.12 billion, up 19% year-over-year. Delivered non-GAAP operating margin of nearly 20%, up 520 basis points year-over-year and increased non-GAAP EPS to $2.41, up 87% year-over-year.  
 In our HDD drive business, we achieved the fifth consecutive quarter of record capacity shipments, totaling 163 exabytes, up 3% sequentially and up 26% year-on-year. Ongoing cloud demand for our nearline products supported mass capacity revenue of $2 billion, up 1% sequentially and up 25% compared with the prior year period. Shipments into the mass capacity market totaled 137 exabytes, up 4% sequentially and 41% year-over-year. 
 Nearline remains our fastest growing product segment with revenue outpacing the broader mass capacity business. In the December quarter, we increased shipment to 111 exabytes, up 4% sequentially and 56% year-on-year, supported by the ongoing cloud adoption of 18-terabyte drives as well as healthy demand for mid-capacity products from enterprise and OEM customers.  
 Our 20-terabyte product family is growing strong customer interest, and we are continuing to scale 18 terabyte shipments while also preparing for an anticipated steep 20-terabyte ramp in the coming quarters to support demand.  
 Sales into the VIA markets remained healthy in the December quarter, following 2 quarters of rapid growth and near record revenue in September. We project a seasonal slowdown in the VIA market during the March quarter, but expect revenue to remain up on a year-over-year basis.  
 Within the legacy market, revenue came in at $775 million, down 7% sequentially and 15% year-over-year. Seasonal demand for consumer drives partially offset weaker-than-anticipated PC sales due in part to ongoing PC component shortages and lower mission-clinical sales. As we discussed last quarter, component shortages are also impacting sales in our system business as customers delay some ordered product deals due to constrained supply of nondrive components.  
 Despite these headwinds, non-HDD revenue increased 17% sequentially and 48% year-over-year to a record $294 million, boosted by strong SSD demand. While we continue to face near-term supply challenges for both the system and SSD businesses, we remain confident in growing the non-HDD business in fiscal 2022, particularly for our system solution, where we see ongoing demand and continue to capture new customer logos.  
 Looking at our operational performance. Non-GAAP gross profit in the December quarter was $958 million. Our corresponding non-GAAP gross margin was 30.7%, down 30 basis points sequentially, but up nearly 400 basis points year-over-year. The ongoing transition to both higher capacity drives and cost-optimized products mostly offset higher freight and logistic costs and the less favorable product mix with a record non-HDD sales. Notably, HDD gross margin remain in the upper half of our long-term target range of 30% to 33%, flat with the prior quarter.  
 We maintained relatively flat non-GAAP operating expenses at $337 million, lower than expected, reflecting our disciplined expense management and the timing of certain spending. We expect OpEx to be somewhat higher in the March quarter due to an increased R&D expenses and business travel. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $621 million, down 1% sequentially and up 61% year-on-year. Non-GAAP operating margin remained relatively flat with the prior quarter at 19.9% and at the top end of our long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue.  
 Based on diluted share count of approximately 225 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the December quarter was $2.41, which is $0.06 above our guidance midpoint. We increased inventory by approximately $100 million with days inventory outstanding of 54 days to support the upcoming 20-terabyte product trend.  
 Capital expenditures were $95 million for the quarter, down 19% sequentially. For fiscal '22, we continue to forecast CapEx at the low end of our target range of 4% to 6% of revenue, which is sufficient to support our future product road map while maintaining alignment between near-term supply and demand. Free cash flow generation increased to $426 million, up 12% quarter-over-quarter and 36% year-over-year.  
 We delivered strong performance in the December quarter and expect to improve free cash flow generation through the fiscal year, enabling us to continue to fund our strong capital return program. In the December quarter, we used $151 million for the quarterly dividend and $471 million to repurchase 5.1 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 219 million shares outstanding and approximately $3.3 billion remaining in our authorization. We ended the December quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $1.5 billion. And total liquidity was approximately $3.3 billion, including our revolving credit facility.  
 Adjusted EBITDA increased to $723 million in the quarter, our highest level in 7 years, and was $2.6 billion for the 12-month period ending in December. Total debt balance at the end of the quarter was $5.9 billion, and as we previously reported, we plan to repay $120 million in debt coming due in March.  
 In summary, we delivered solid financial performance, maintaining our focus on driving profitability and free cash flow generation while navigating a dynamic business environment. 
 Looking ahead to the March quarter, we expect a continuation of the healthy demand environment in the nearline market with anticipated seasonal decline in VIA and the legacy markets. As Dave noted, we are mindful of the ongoing impact related to corporate dynamics and will continue to manage through supply chain constraints and other inflationary pressures that we expect to persist through at least the fiscal year.  
 We expect March quarter revenue to be in the range of $2.9 billion, plus or minus $150 million. We expect our operating margin to be impacted by COVID-related pressure, what I just discussed over the near term. However, we believe the structural changes in the industry combined with Seagate disciplined execution will support a higher operating margin over time. 
 As a result, we are raising our long-term target non-GAAP operating margin range to 18% to 22% of revenue compared with our prior range of 15% to 20% of revenue. With that in mind, we expect our March quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be at the lower end of our revised long-term range of 18% to 22% of revenue. And finally, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2, plus or minus $0.20.  
 Looking further ahead, ongoing demand for mass capacity storage, combined with our strong product pipeline, give us confidence to further raise our fiscal year 2022 revenue growth to be between 12% and 14%, up from our prior outlook in the low double-digit range.  
 I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments. 
William Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I'm very proud of the results Seagate posted in the December quarter and also our ability to deliver consistent performance during this unique period of transitory issues. Through it all, the trends driving explosive growth in data remain powerful. Longer-term demand tailwinds that will push growth in mass capacity stores in 2022 and for years to come.  
 Seagate has the right product portfolio, operational know-how and partnership focus to capture these opportunities and lend confidence in our ability to deliver on the annual growth targets we've outlined today as well as achieve strong profitability and cash generation to fund our robust capital returns program.  
 Seagate has been a technology company, innovation leader for over 4 decades. We are now leading the industry into a new era of technology with HAMR and multiactuator drives. The industry has undergone a positive structural change with the transition of mass capacity markets. These innovations are the result of years of intense focus and significant investments that bring value to our customers and to their customers by unlocking the power of their data. We are focused on capturing an appropriate return to continue fueling our mass capacity innovation engine, which we believe is healthy for Seagate and for the industry at large.  
 In closing, I would like to thank our employees who deserve the credit for Seagate's outstanding performance this past year. We are a values-driven company, and last week, we published our third annual diversity, equity and inclusion report that captures the many ways we put our value of inclusion into action. Among the many positive measures in the report, I want to highlight an increase in the overall percentage of women in director and executive roles as well as an increase in minorities in our U.S. workforce. These are important areas of focus for the company and reflects positive progress in our efforts to build a more global, diverse and inclusive workforce, which we believe leads to better business sustainability. I would also like to thank our customers and suppliers for their continued support and our shareholders for their trust in Seagate. 
 Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Dave, Gianluca, when you look at the gross margins that came in slightly down quarter-on-quarter, 30 basis points, can you talk about the moving pieces there, not just for this quarter, but as you think through gross margin trajectory in terms of both price and the very strong inflationary cost pressures that everyone seems to be absorbing? You guys have done a great job on a year-on-year basis, but how should we think about the next few quarters?  
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Your first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Dave, can you hear me? 
William Mosley: Yes, I can hear you, Wamsi. 
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Great. Dave, when you look at the gross margins coming in slightly down quarter-on-quarter, can you talk about the moving pieces there just in terms of price versus the inflationary pressures that we have seen over the last few quarters? You guys have done a great job on a year-on-year basis. But how should investors think through these moving pieces over the next few quarters? 
William Mosley: Appreciate the question. We've tried hard, as you know, to be as predictable as we can. There are a lot of near-term margin headwinds that we described in the prepared remarks. We still remain focused on and as prescriptive as we can over time. We don't view that our current range is some kind of ceiling or anything like that, but there are near-term headwinds. And I'll ask Gianluca to illustrate with a few numbers here in just a second.  
 Big picture, what's going on in our industry is our drives are becoming more and more mass capacity, of course. And which means inside the drive, there's more heads, more disks, all the time. So I think for the last quarter, it grew yet again, and it probably will for the course of the next few years also.  
 And so as we do that, those are long investments -- long-term investments and factories and the entire supply chain around heads and media. Those constituents of the BOM become more under our control, and I think it allows us to go drive for a little bit more predictable return on investment. But obviously, this is a challenging period. So Gianluca, do you want to highlight some of the challenges? 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say, first of all, the change quarter-over-quarter is mainly coming from mix. If you look at the hard disk drive gross margin, is completely flat to the prior quarter. So we don't have any change in profitability for the hard disk. We have increased a lot our non-hard disk revenue, mainly in the SSD part of the business, and that is driving some reduction in the overall gross margin. But of course, it was also very helpful at the revenue level and the free cash flow level.  
 Now when you look inside the hard disk, mass capacity was at a record high, fairly close to September as we were expecting about 1% higher, but still a good record high. Legacy was sequentially down in mission-critical, but as you know, is a high gross margin segment. And was actually higher in consumer that is actually a lower gross margin segment. So there is a lot of mix going on into December. But finally, the reality is hard disk in total, was flat gross margin compared to September and the increase in the non-hard disk part was driving the slight decline at the company level.  
 Now when you go into the March quarter, where it's still a mix impact, it's a different kind of mix. This is more a seasonality impact. Some of the segments that will be seasonally low are fairly high gross margins like surveillance, like mission-critical. Other segments are actually fairly, let's say, not low but low at gross margin like consumer. And we also expect at this point, some decline in the SSD part of the revenue.  
 So when you put all together, again, the mix is probably driving the gross margin in the March quarter, slightly down from the December quarter, but it's not coming from the business. It's coming mainly from the mix. As Dave was saying before, of course, we have also some cost increases, mainly in the freight and logistic cost. We thought 2 quarters ago to be at already the high level of the freight cost, but it continued to increase in September and again in December. This we expect to start declining in the next few months. But with our spending control, with the strong mass capacity business that we have, we have mainly offset those bad news coming from the cost leaving the mix impact, of course, impacting the total result. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen and Company. 
Karl Ackerman: Two questions, if I may. One is a follow-up to Wamsi's most recent question. But Gianluca, you spoke about non-HDD component shortages disrupting some of your enterprise customer shipment plans. If I may, are you referring to mission-critical here? Or is this weighted toward mass capacity? And I have a follow-up. 
Gianluca Romano: No, I would say the shortages, we have experienced in 2 parts of the business. One is the PC and one is a system solution. 
Karl Ackerman: Understood. That's clear. 
William Mosley: So I think to break it down a little bit, Karl. There is some mission-critical and there is some nearline components to that, if that makes sense. 
Karl Ackerman: Great. I guess from an end demand perspective, to me, it sounds like most end markets may moderate in March, except for the nearline hard drives. But I was hoping you could discuss the visibility you have across your data center customers today for high-capacity drives, which some of these are -- some of these customers are sounding signing long-term agreements?  
 And then second, just the visibility in the trajectory you have for the remaining areas of your business as you contemplate that 3% to 6% growth for calendar 2022? 
William Mosley: Right. Good. So as we said in the prepared remarks, the 20-terabyte demand is quite strong. And so we're using this period, this quarter, to transition between whatever components that are flowing through that are 18 specific. There aren't very many because it's a leveraged platform to the 20s and really get staged for high growth on the 20s. And the visibility is very good for those products. I think the customer demand has been -- customers are quite receptive to that. They see a TCO benefit.  
 On all of the other markets we continue to watch and forecast and have, in some cases, we have very deep relationships with the customers that can also provide some level of confidence there as well. So in aggregate, I think it's going to be a very strong year for exabytes as well, and we'll translate that into revenue. There are some temporary problems that are going on right now because of supply chain issues that are affecting everyone. It's more affecting our demand than it is our supply, but we're mindful of that and paying attention to it. I think the demand picture for mass capacity data in particular remains strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with UBS. 
Jungsuk Park: This is Jason Park on for Tim Arcuri. Our first question is how can we think about the June quarter if June is close to normal seasonal, which is usually flat or up a little than the implied second half of the calendar year has been pretty strong, like 53% of the year, which is about the strongest second half of the calendar year loading we have seen? So just wanted to ask what are the drivers there? And what gives you the confidence? Then I've got a quick follow-up. 
William Mosley: Right. I think you're on the right point, which is so if you look at the tale of the tape, we go back -- so when we entered this calendar year, we were talking about low -- sorry, high single digits for revenue. And then we said maybe low double digits. Now in these remarks, we said 12% to 14% and we're already more than halfway through the fiscal year. So exactly, you can start to look at Q4 and see that we are right now forecasting strength.  
 Some of that's coming on the back of the 20 terabytes that I just talked about to the response to Karl. Some of it's also the transition to the cost optimized drives that we made reference to as we transition to that platform. We -- all the way from 2 terabytes, 8 terabytes, 10 terabytes, we can actually predict that market pretty well and have great conversations with customers there as well. So we feel fairly comfortable with that part of the guide. And then we talked about the entire calendar year as well as growing on top of last calendar year. So it's all baked into our forecast. 
Jungsuk Park: Got it. And my follow-up question is on the demand in China. So we just wanted to gauge your level of concerns in China as we think most of the nearline business is direct rather than to a channel. But there are a lot of concerns about demand weakness there due to some of the problem restrictions. So my question is, what are you seeing from the hyperscalers in particular in China? 
William Mosley: There have been pockets of build-out that's been pushed out, largely because of other supply chain issues, not necessarily mass capacity issues. I think those investments are still planned. Now some of that push-out may be happening because of component shortages. It may also be happening because of prioritization of budgets into COVID measures or other things that the end customer is actually prioritizing. But we're not really that worried about it long term. We have great relationships with the OEMs. And I think -- and in the cloud service providers.  
 And I think long term, I think these continued build-outs are going to come. Not just in China, but I would say for all of Asia, there's a lot of new applications that are coming online, lots of smart city applications. We're quite excited about it. So we see -- that's all baked into our revenue forecast that we just gave. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think we need to be careful on not confusing seasonality with lower demand. So when we go into the March quarter, our mass capacity -- part of our mass capacity will be impacted by seasonality, especially in the surveillance part of the business. But that is not because of a high level of inventory or unusual lower level of demand, it is a normal seasonality that we expect for that segment in the March quarter. And then in the June quarter, usually start to improve and get very strong in September and December. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom O'Malley with Barclays. 
Thomas O'Malley: My question was related to the VIA business. You're describing some seasonality into March. But you made the comment on the call that from a revenue basis, it would be up year-over-year. Obviously, when you look at exabytes, March was extremely low for the business in terms of exabyte shipments in VIA. Can you just try to dial us in a little bit between those 2 field go posts there? When you look at what is traditional seasonality into that March quarter, what should that look like just because it's hard to get a gauge, given how weak March of '21 was? 
William Mosley: That's a great point, we compare it back to a year ago and I think anybody trying to forecast off of the pandemic kind of investment behaviors is going to be challenged. I would say that there's strength in smart city applications that are coming online.  
 In Q2, things could have been even a little bit better. It was clearly better year-over-year, but it could have been even a little bit better. I think to the earlier question, there are reasons to believe that some of those buildouts are getting pushed out. And unfortunately, the COVID pandemic is still with us and some of those priorities are still being made this quarter.  
 We do forecast over time that the market should strengthen. And as we talked about mid-single digit -- or sorry, mid-double-digit growth in the VIA markets. I think it all depends on applications and then the economics of the investment that will have to be made across the breadth of the compound supply chain.  
 From our perspective, the demand for data products is quite strong in these markets. And so we should still see that growth and maybe even more as time goes on. 
Thomas O'Malley: Okay. And then my follow-up was just on the inventory side. There's obviously an uptick. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that, that was mostly related to a buildup in 20T. Are there other parts of that inventory that are climbing just because of the supply dynamics of the market where your not shipping product? I think you mentioned also that some of that was actually demand related, and that could be because of componentry, et cetera. But can you just dive into that inventory number? Is it all the increase due to 20T? Or is there some other pieces in there as well? That would be helpful to under. 
William Mosley: Largely, it's the 20T. We're able to use those parts against a broader portfolio than just 20s, of course, we can go to 18s, 16s or all the way, like we talked about, some of the complements are very, very similar, down even further. So at the end of the cost optimized drive. So that's the way we think about it is that, yes, there's some inventory buildup going on right now. Some of that's just staging for bigger growth in subsequent quarters after this quarter. And the components are very usable across multiple families. So we're really not worried about the growth. 
Gianluca Romano: In the last few quarters, we have built some strategic inventory, of course, to be a little protected by this supply chain situation, but not much in the December quarter. So I will say we have done it before. The increase that you have seen in the last 3 months is mainly related to the 20 terabyte trends. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Kathryn Huberty: The March quarter revenue is typically down mid- to high single digits, which aligns perfectly with your guidance. In your prepared remarks, you did mention that supply pressures could put some additional pressure. And I wasn't sure whether that could be incremental to downside to the revenue guidance? Or if that's something that you had baked in for the March quarter?  
 And then just connected to that, the implied June revenue looks to be better than seasonal, up sort of 2% to 3%. Is that because you would expect some of these supply headwinds to resolve themselves as you go into June? And then I have a follow-up. 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Katy. There are a number of different dynamics. And I think the latter part of your question first, yes. There are components that we've field will break free in the next few weeks. And so -- and yes, we've tried to bake that into our guide as much as we can for this quarter. There are some components that won't break free for quite some time, and you have to make sure that you're staging those well against your build plans. That goes maybe for our builds, but we're also trying to look at the broader tech ecosystem because we do know that there are customers, generally speaking, they are the smaller customers, but they've had trouble getting some of these complete kits.  
 And so all of this is tough for the customers right now. We're just trying mainly to help them get through the periods. There are some things that will get better near term, and there are some other things that are going to stay for a little bit longer. 
Kathryn Huberty: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe, Gianluca, if you can extend the discussion you had with Wamsi on gross margin into how we should think about the March quarter. Your revenue and EPS guide is really in line with the consensus. But on the gross margin line, consensus was I think you could hit north of 31%, which would be an improvement. Do you see the mix shift back towards HDDs helping you expand gross margin sequentially in March? 
Gianluca Romano: Well, in March, the main impact will be coming from the mix and surveillance. VIA market, in general, is a very high gross margin segment. So we will have some impact from that business declining and also mission-critical. So when we look at seasonality and look at the segments that are really impacted are segments that are fairly high gross margin. Of course, the continued increase in our mass capacity. So in the cloud, in the nearline and the OEM part of the nearline, that is all positive. And I think we will continue to see improvement in our gross margin after the March quarter when we go into less seasonal part of the business and, of course, even stronger when you go into September and December. So there is an impact that is due to seasonality and is normal for this industry. I will not look that as unexpected. 
Kathryn Huberty: So gross margin sort of flat to down in March seasonally and then improvement off of that base? 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, let me see how we guided, yes. 
William Mosley: Yes. The best that we can drive gross margins is to continue to transition to more mass capacity products to get more of the constituents of the BOM into the drives that are heads and media. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller with The Benchmark Company. 
Mark Miller: Just was wondering, you mentioned that some of your nearline people were facing some supply constraints. What about your own supply of chips, is that holding up? 
William Mosley: Yes. I think we have deep partnerships with our suppliers, we've been with them for a long time. I think there are a lot of dynamics that smaller customers have that we try to help them with. And then from my perspective, there's a certain amount of volatility with that. But like I said before, stuff is becoming more predictable over time even if it might not be the level of what some of those customers want. So we're getting better visibility as time progresses. 
Mark Miller: Is there anything -- you mentioned SSD sales. Anything else driving your other sales in terms of enterprise, there's been very strong growth over the last year? 
William Mosley: I do think there is demand for data out there on-prem and some of that's probably not being serviced, I mean, as well as it could be if there weren't some of the supply constraints, Mark. So yes, I think there's probably some underserved demand. But it may be part of other build-outs as well. It may have problem getting compute or they may have problem getting networks so they don't do the entire build-out. I think this is going to shake out over the next few months. 
Operator: Next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. 
Mehdi Hosseini: I want to get your thoughts on nearline mix expectation for '22. And how we should think about the migration from 16 to 18 and then to 20, especially given your commentary that was focused on 20 terabyte. And I have a follow-up. 
William Mosley: Yes. Mehdi, we're largely transitioned to the platform that can actually give 18s or 20s if we wanted to or back to 16s, if we wanted to. So we mix according to what the customer demand is. We don't really build a theoretical mix.
 So we're talking to customers. Some people aren't ready for transitions to 20s. Some people want to stay on 18. Some people want to stay on 16 and so we're here to serve them. The fact that we have these new platforms what are changes tweaks that were to this common platform will actually put us in a little bit better cost position. And I would say relative to the aggressive ramp that we made, we referenced in our prepared remarks, the 20-terabyte ramp is going to be a very, very aggressive ramp. So -- and that's what we're staging for in this quarter -- last quarter and this quarter. But that will be transitioning over to the next -- over the course of this calendar year to higher and higher bonds. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then just going back to the gross margin topic. I understand the mix impact. You also highlighted material cost that has gone up. And I want to better understand how you're able to pass on that incremental cost to your customer. Would it be fair to say that there is a really unusual pricing dynamic for different products. And in that context, would you be able to pass on that incremental cost increase to customers? 
William Mosley: Yes. To be specific, most of the cost increases, we said not all, but most of them are freight and logistics related, especially when we don't or the customers don't predict the demand perfectly. And again, it's a very hard -- difficult world to get the right kits in the right place at the right time that everybody is trying. And then you have to pay the freight and logistics fees to get the stuff there as quickly as possible. That becomes problematic. We don't necessarily look first to pass that along. We work with our customers who are supply chain experts themselves to find ways to mitigate those costs because everybody really wants. That's in the spirit of partnership now in the supply chain.  
 There may be places where we will ultimately have to pass those costs along. And that will -- there's a time lag associated with that, of course, as we run the plays that we have. But from my perspective, we have deep discussions with our customers on this. They understand, and in some cases, they run massive supply chains themselves. They understand exactly what's going on. So we work together with them on it. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say that the favorable price environment is mainly related to the good alignment between supply and demand, not too much on transferring of cost from a supplier to the customer. 
William Mosley: But most of our investments are going to head some media for mass capacity now. They're really long lead investment cycles and things like that. So that's what we're focused on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. 
Jeffrey Rand: This is Jeff Rand on for Sid. How should we think about the trajectory of operating expenses as we go through calendar year 2022? I would assume you'll see an uptick in travel and labor costs, but perhaps a decline in some COVID safety costs. 
Gianluca Romano: It's a good question. I would say in the December quarter, OpEx came up a little bit lower than what we were expecting. Part of the reason is exactly what you were saying. We were not expecting the resurge of the COVID situation. So our travel was kind of limited again in the December quarter. We think this -- now will start -- this situation will start to improve possibly already in the March quarter and in the following quarters.  
 So probably our OpEx will increase a little bit through the calendar year, still in the range that we discussed last quarter between the $340 million and $350 million per quarter, which is right now what we expect. 
Jeffrey Rand: Great. And then on the nearline side, how do you think about your gross margins of your higher capacity drives as you continue to increase capacity? Should the 20 terabytes have a similar gross margin profile to the 18 terabyte when fully ramped? 
William Mosley: Yes. I think there's opportunities, of course, to increase as we introduce any new technology node, whether it's 20 terabytes or the generations that come after it. A lot of that comes down to how fast can we get up the media and head yield curves and where our scrap bills are and things like that, but they're firmly under our control. So we transition according to what customers need. We transition according to how fast we can based on all of our internal metrics as well. And so I think there is opportunity to build that over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. 
Ananda Baruah: Yes, 2 quick ones, if I could. I guess one for each of you. Dave, any change over the last 90 days in your perspective on sort of nearline demand either in terms of -- and you guys just gave a growth outlook. But I guess, either in terms of length of cycle or punch of cycle, would love any context there. And then just a quick follow-up. 
William Mosley: Ananda, against the big backdrop, I think, no. Going -- at the start of the pandemic, we knew that work from home and much of the challenges that people had getting IT professionals to work on on-prem solutions. All that meant people pushed into the cloud. That -- the cloud is growing faster than we thought because of a lot of that push. I think -- and it's not just storage, of course, there's compute, there's network and there's other parts that are really stressing those businesses as well. But the storage will come. 
 And so we think it's been fairly predictable in the conversations with our customers about what kind of build-outs we want to do. we think there's more opportunities because the value of the data just gets better and better. So there hasn't -- even though there are temporary supply chain problems for a lot of people out there, I don't think there's been any real significant change shift in the mass capacity demand. 
Ananda Baruah: Okay. That's super helpful. And then just a follow-up for Gianluca. Gianluca, you sort of made mention briefly of ASPs a few moments ago. Like can you just describe to us how you view ASPs? And you had mentioned sort of pretty aligned supply demand. Could you also just sneak in some context about your capacity situation? And do you need to put on more capacity to meet the demand as you go through the year? 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Ananda. As you know, we are spending a relevant amount of CapEx every quarter. So the fact that the supply and demand are now very well aligned. It's not because we are not investing is because demand is strong. And we put in place the capacity that is needed and try not to put more than what is requested. Of course, because there is some seasonality through the year, there are quarters where that capacity is not exactly matching demand. 
 But in general, part of our job is to estimate demand and define what is the CapEx that is needed to match the demand and satisfy our customer demand without putting capacity that is not needed. That is the main driver for the pricing. And in the last several quarters, as we have seen, the pricing environment has been much better than a year ago or 2 years ago. And we think this industry deserves an appropriate return follows a significant investment that we are making and the industry in general is making. And all the value that we deliver to support the mass capacity growth. And this is what we are driving for. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel. 
Patrick Ho: Dave, maybe first off, it seems like you're getting really good traction and adoption for the 20-terabyte drives over the next few quarters. Can you give us your thoughts on the HAMR drive, whether the common platform could potentially delay adoption of HAMR or is that still on track? And how is customer acceptance of the next-generation HAMR drives? 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks. So the HAMR has always been planned to go into the common platform. There will have to be some changes specifically for that. Exactly to your point, we plan to continue to do customer evals. So the customers know exactly what kind of behaviors they'll get. There will be higher capacity drives when they ultimately come with HAMR too. Very happy with the progress actually on HAMR. So I think we said a couple of quarters ago, this is happening right now. We're in an intense product development, engaging with customers. They're partnering with us on it. 
 As far as transition goes, exactly to your point, a lot of people know fab. They know that you have to take some stuff offline to replace it with other stuff. And we'll do that as we see the yields come up and the opportunity there. We'll have to work with the customers as well on their adoption profile. But we're in the middle of all those discussions right now. 
Patrick Ho: Great. And as my follow-up question, maybe for Gianluca, in terms of the investments into the company. You've obviously invested a lot into HAMR and the common platform. Can you discuss some of the investments maybe on a big picture basis for stuff like your Lyve platform? How much investments are needed to kind of build up that business, additional solutions offerings that will come out of that platform over time? How much more do you need to invest as it relates to Lyve? 
Gianluca Romano: It's a very good question. The Lyve business is mainly based on hard disk, is a cloud storage that is based on hard disk. So it's not really requiring a lot of additional CapEx. It's part of what we use for our normal production that, depending from demand, we move between customer allocation and the internal need. 
William Mosley: Yes. These aren't big investments, Patrick. But what I would say is that we constantly look for ways that we can develop go-to-market chains in particular that can use the products that we're making into -- in different ways. So think circularity and recycling the product and having outlets for product. There's a lot of opportunities that we have in our systems business and also inside of the Lyve platform, and we think about this as a way to help us not only construct channels that are economic great benefit to customers. But also ultimately help us manage the panoply of different parts issues that we're going to see in the world given our scale. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. 
Jim Suva: My question is on pricing of your products. It seems like the past -- geez, it must have been 2 years, has been much stronger than historical precedents for pricing. Do you foresee that happening? How much longer? Because you mentioned some of your components are going to be freed up here in the next few weeks. Then you mentioned some others are going to be elongated. So I'm just wondering for pricing how long do you think we'll be in this environment of much more historically stronger than what normal is? 
William Mosley: Right. Jim, I think it's right to point out that if you look back 5 or 10 years ago when we had so many client server drives that were in our factories, very different environments than when you have mass capacity with really long lead times and things like that. So as we've transitioned over the last couple of years to the mass capacity, then we can actually say these are the investments we're making. These are the starts we're doing, and we can get working on long-term agreements and just predictability within the markets in that. 
 Of course, there can always be some disruption to the extent that there are more and more heads and media related that's under our control. If there are external piece parts, then like COVID has affected quite a number of suppliers of ours, but also customers and end markets, that's where things get a little bit more volatile. But I think if you -- from my perspective, generally speaking, as we go to more and more mass capacity drives as the drives have more heads and media in them, then things get a little bit more predictable because we have to get the return on investment. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
William Mosley: Thanks, Brent. As you can all see, calendar '22 is an outstanding year for Seagate, and we believe that our strong product and technology road map, combined with our ongoing solid execution position as well to capture secular growth opportunities for mass data infrastructure for years to come. I'd just like to once again thank our employees for their outstanding efforts and our customers and suppliers and investors for their continued support of Seagate. Thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-10-22 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Julianne, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] 
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye. 
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earning press release and detailed supplemental information for our September quarter fiscal 2022 on the Investors section of our website.
 During today's call, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including our December quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions.
 These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions.
 Let me turn the call over to Dave for opening remarks. 
William Mosley: Thank you, Shanye, and hello to everyone joining us on today's call. Seagate has an outstanding start to fiscal 2022, underscored by our September quarter results. Revenue of $3.1 billion was spot on with our expectations and reflects robust growth, up 35% year-over-year and 3% above a very strong June quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin expense to 31%, well inside of our multiyear target range and non-GAAP operating margin increased to 20.1%, the company's highest level in nearly a decade.
 Overall, our results reflect record demand for our industry-leading mass capacity products and solid execution on cost reduction plans and our ongoing focus on balancing supply with demand. We are confident in our ability to deliver excellent results for the fiscal year. And based on our current view, we are raising our fiscal 2022 revenue growth outlook from the high single-digit percentage range to the low double-digit range. Further, reflecting on our long-term confidence in the business, I'm delighted to announce that our Board has once again approved an increase to the quarterly dividend by 4.5%.
 I've been very proud of our team's ability to post consistent financial results through an industry environment that remains very dynamic. We are seeing a confluence of factors creating inflationary pressures and acute supply chain disruption. These include semiconductor component shortages and freight logistics challenges that are creating cost pressures and the impact in critical end product assemblies for certain customers.
 Notwithstanding these obstacles, underlying demand remains solid for Seagate's products, particularly in the mass capacity market, which is why we maintain a high level of confidence in our fiscal year growth outlook. Revenue from the mass capacity markets exceeded $2 billion for the first time, reflecting broad-based growth across each of the end markets. The cloud is the strongest contributor to the mass capacity markets and Seagate's revenue growth.
 Ongoing investments to build and equip new data centers have translated into stable healthy demand for multiple quarters now, and we expect this trend to continue. Over the past 5 years, the number of hyperscale data centers has more than doubled to nearly 600 worldwide with approximately 200 more on the way. Many of these planned data centers are being built by large cloud customers, but the timing of their investments and infrastructure buildup is not synchronized, which supports a more stable long-term growth outlook for hyperscale investment.
 Seagate's high capacity drives are essential to the world's largest data centers. We have very close relationships with our cloud customers to ensure our manufacturing and technology road maps continue to enable their investment plans and performance requirements at a favorable total cost of ownership. In the enterprise and OEM markets, we achieved a fourth consecutive quarter of sales growth, supported by increasing IT hardware spending.
 Over the near term, the broader supply constraints that I've highlighted may delay some of our customers' new product builds due to non-HDD shortages. However, based on customer conversations, we believe any pause would be temporary until shortages are alleviated. Demand for video and image applications increased significantly during the quarter, supported in part, by a broadening of use cases that extend beyond traditional security and surveillance applications.
 The combination of high-definition cameras and data analytics enabling productivity gains, cost savings and revenue generation opportunities are actually driving adoption by a wide range of industries, including retail, manufacturing and health care. High capacity HDDs play a crucial role in helping businesses economically manage and extract value from an ever-increasing growth in data across a more distributed enterprise.
 Without question, the HDD industry is being driven by long-term secular demand for mass capacity storage, a market that we expect to more than double by calendar 2026 to $26 billion, and Seagate is well equipped to answer the call. We continue to leverage our strong arsenal of innovative technologies, manufacturing agility and industry expertise to deliver attractive total cost of ownership solutions aligned with our customers' road map.
 Our common platform approach illustrates these points well. We have been able to seamlessly transition from 16 to 18 terabyte drives and are now offering multiple varieties of 20-terabyte drives to meet the breadth of customer demand. We began ramping 20-terabyte products in the September quarter, and I'm thrilled with the strong customer interest. 
 I'm equally excited by customer reception for our MACH.2 dual actuator drive, which are now shipping at large scale. As we were anticipating a few months ago we are seeing greater adoption of our MACH.2 drives for core and edge applications, the benefit from the read and write performance gains that we deliver with these products. We expect dual actuator drives to become more mainstream as capacities increase beyond 30 terabytes to support both cost and performance requirements.
 I'm also confident in achieving 30-terabyte capacities and beyond. We continue to execute our research and development road maps and have recently achieved great camera test results in staging aerial density growth that supports future product launches. Based on these demonstrations, our product development plans are on track. But our product introduction strategy has not changed. We will leverage HAMR's aerial density gains to offer customer step function and capacity increases that deliver a strong TCO proposition and enhance value for both our customers and Seagate.
 Our focus on total customer experience is top of mind for the Lyve Cloud business. Our simple, secure and cost-efficient mass data storage as a service platform is resonating well among customers, particularly for backup solutions. Today, Lyve Cloud is certified with the majority of the vendors identified by Gartner's Magic Quadrant Leaders for enterprise backup and recovery software. This quarter, we announced a multiyear deal with leading video communications provider. I am excited by this partnership and recognize the trust all of our Lyve customers are placing in Seagate. We will continue to be deliberate in scaling infrastructure and developing an ecosystem to ensure that we delight our customers.
 Wrapping up Seagate continues to deliver consistent financial results underpinned by strong operational discipline, focus on profitability and growing demand for mass capacity storage. We believe these trends reflect the healthy structural changes that have taken place in the industry in recent years. Seagate is poised to benefit with our technology leadership position and strong track record of execution.
 I'll now hand the call to Gianluca to cover the financial results. 
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Our September quarter results highlight solid growth across nearly all financial metrics and demonstrate site disciplined execution and ongoing focus on running profitability and free cash flow generation.
 Revenue was $3.12 billion, up 3% sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 20.1% of revenue, up 200 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and non-GAAP EPS was $2.35, up 18% sequentially and at the high end of our guidance range. We grew total hard disk drive revenue to $2.9 billion, up 5% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. HDD capacity shipments increased 4% sequentially to 159 exabytes, up 39% relative to the prior year period.
 Growth was driven by increasing demand for our mass capacity product, which contributed 71% of total HDD revenue and 83% of HDD exabyte shipments. Revenue from the mass capacity market increased to $2 billion, supported by growth across each of the underlying end markets, which include nearline, VIA and NAND products.
 Mass capacity revenue was up 8% sequentially and up 51% compared with the prior year period, while capacity shipments into this market were up 7% sequentially and 53% year-over-year. Based on our current outlook, we expect mass capacity exabyte shipments to remain strong in the December quarter, with financial year '21 annual growth slightly above our long-term CAGR forecast of about 35%.
 In the September quarter, nearline revenue demand was driven by improving enterprise spending and healthy growth from cloud data center customers. Nearline shipments totaled 106 exabytes, up 5% sequentially and 65% year-on-year, reflecting demand for our high capacity price, strong growth for dual actuator drive and ongoing market momentum for our common platform products spanning 16 through 20-terabyte price.
 Robust demand in the bear market led to sequential revenue growth that was above the average for the mass capacity market, and we expect solid demand to continue in the December quarter. The legacy market made up the remaining 29% of HDD revenue, holding relatively stable at $821 million, down 3% sequentially and up 5% year-over-year.
 Improving enterprise demand boosted sales for mission-critical drives, which partially offset the decline in consumer drives following a strong June quarter. We are starting to see a moderation in the pace of annual revenue decline following the significant market disruption brought on by the pandemic. While we could see some fluctuations in a given quarter, we believe the most pronounced impacts are behind us.
 Finally, turning to our non-HDD business, Revenue came in at $151 million, down 9% sequentially of record June quarter level. Our systems business has been partially impacted by some of the supply constraints that Dave discussed. We are working closely with our suppliers to mitigate risk, and we continue to gain new customer wins to support longer-term growth in the business.
 Overall, strong demand trends, combined with positive industry dynamics, led to non-GAAP gross profit of $966 million in the September quarter, up 8% sequentially and 57% year-over-year. Costs relating to freight and logistics are continuing to increment higher. While we will continue to take steps to reduce the impacts of these costs, we believe that we remain a headwind to the business through the fiscal year.
 Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin expanded by about 140 basis points to 31%, well inside our long-term target range of 30% to 33%, including higher freight and logistic costs and component prices. HDD margins are now in the upper half of the range, reflecting better alignment in supply and demand and the transition to higher capacity drives. We anticipate continued solid gross margin performance with opportunity to increment higher, as we ramp our cost-optimized products. Additionally, as COVID cost headwinds abate, we would expect margins to expand into the upper half of our target range, over time.
 Non-GAAP operating expenses decreased to $339 million, reflecting certain onetime savings. This is between expense management, combined with higher revenue and margin expansion, resulted in non-GAAP operating income of $627 million, up 15% sequentially and more than double the year ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 20.1%, which is the top end of our long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue. Importantly, the September performance demonstrated our ability to grow profits faster than revenue, supporting our strategy of long-term value creation.
 Based on diluted share count of approximately 231 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the September quarter was $2.35, the highest level in close to a decade. We have the inventory relatively flat with the days inventory outstanding at 50 days. We are working with suppliers and managing strategic inventory levels to mitigate the risk to the business, while we continue to monitor with dynamic situation. Capital expenditures were $117 million for the quarter. We currently expect fiscal year CapEx to be at the low end of our long-term target range of 4% to 6% of revenue, which is sufficient to support our future product road map, while maintaining expense discipline.
 Free cash flow generation increased to $379 million, up 7% quarter-over-quarter and more than double year-over-year. We delivered strong performance in the September quarter and expect to improve free cash flow generation through the fiscal year, enabling us to fund our growth opportunity and return capital to our shareholders. We used $153 million to fund the quarterly dividend and $425 million to repurchase 4.9 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 225 million shares outstanding and approximately $3.8 billion remaining in our authorization.
 As Dave mentioned earlier, the Board approved a $0.03 increase to our quarterly dividend raising the quarterly payout to $0.70 per share. We ended the September quarter with cash and cash equivalents of nearly $1 billion, and total liquidity was approximately $2.7 billion, including our revolving credit facility. Adjusted EBITDA was $724 million for the quarter and $2.4 billion for the 12-month period ending in September.
 Total debt balance at the end of the quarter was $5.1 billion with a leverage ratio of 2.2x. In early October, we took advantage of the current attractive market environment to raise $725 million in capital through a new $600 million fixed year term loan and upsized our existing term loan during fiscal 2022. These actions are consistent with our growing business and provides the opportunity to repay $120 million in debt coming due in March. We reduced our average interest rate by 25 basis points and expect interest expenses for the December quarter to be approximately $66 million.
 Looking ahead to our outlook for the December quarter. We anticipate a continuation of the strong demand environment that we experienced in the September quarter. We expect revenue to be in a range of $3.1 billion plus or minus $150 million. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to remain around the top end of our long-term range of 15% to 20% of revenue. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.35 plus or minus $0.15.
 In summary, we had an outstanding September quarter, placing us on solid footing to deliver strong top and bottom line growth in calendar year 2021 as well as fiscal 2022. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments. 
William Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Fiscal 2022 is off to a tremendous start, and I feel positive about the current and healthy demand environment, which is reflected in our increased revenue growth outlook for the fiscal year. I'm equally bullish on Seagate's longer-term growth opportunities supported by secular demand for mass capacity storage. Our mass capacity innovation road map puts Seagate in excellent position to thrive in this environment and continue to deliver revenue growth beyond fiscal 2022, in line with our long-term target of 3% to 6%.
 We are in the right place with the right technology and innovative customers with whom we are partnering closely to enable their road maps. Further, our robust capital returns program, including today's dividend increase, round out what we believe is a compelling investment story. With the UN Climate Change Conference scheduled to begin in less than 2 weeks, I wanted to highlight Seagate's commitment to ESG. Starting in fiscal 2022, we have incorporated sustainability into our executives' long-term compensation plan based on the achievement of specific quantitative environmental and social targets. Our environmental goal is linked with established plans to reduce the company's carbon footprint in support of achieving our science-based targets. From harnessing renewables at our California and Northern Ireland campuses to installing solar capacity at our facilities in Thailand, Seagate continues to put our commitment to the plan and into action.
 We have also incorporated an executive compensation goal to increase gender diversity in our leadership as we strive to cultivate a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace. For a third consecutive year, Seagate is among best companies for women according to social media platform, Ferrygodboss as well as one of the best places to work for LGBTQ plus equality by the Human Rights Campaign.
 In closing, I'd like to thank the Seagate team for their tireless efforts, our customers and suppliers for their continued support and our shareholders for placing their trust in Seagate. Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Your first question will come from Karl Ackerman from Cowen and Company. 
Karl Ackerman: I have 2 questions, please, 1 for Dave and 1 for Gianluca. Dave, it's great. It's great to say that over 2/3 of your business has now transitioned away from consumer towards enterprise. As you know, which tends to be higher margin, yet influenced by data center CapEx. There have been some recent concerns by investors that cloud spending will moderate after being robust in the last 6 quarters. So I was hoping you could discuss how you see the demand trajectory playing out for nearline, both in the December quarter and also into the second half of your fiscal 2022? 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks for the question, Karl. And I think if you -- if you have another one you could follow up with Gianluca Romano as well. The way I look at it --  sorry, go ahead. 
Karl Ackerman: Sorry, I was going to say for my second one then, Dave, the improvement in your profitability has been impressive. And our own checks indicate you have been successful in passing along these rising input costs. Some investors have been fearing that margins might moderate as enterprise is also moderate. But I was hoping you might discuss why that might not be the case for some high-capacity offerings and what initiatives you have at your disposal to support profitability regardless of demand. 
William Mosley: Okay. Good. Yes. Thanks. So Gianluca will catch that. Relative to cloud, the demand has been steady now since the beginning of calendar '20. So as we talked about in the prepared remarks, there's a broadening of the customers base, not just a few hyperscalers that's actually benefiting us tremendously as well as the transition -- the product transitions that we've talked about, the higher and higher capacity points, which have a better TCO proposition for the end customer as well. 
 I think these macro trends, whether it's digitization, AI, multi-cloud, the move to the cloud, we're all accelerated tremendously during the pandemic, work from home and all the other things that cause people to push into the cloud. Not all these cloud customers are all synced up, but we think the demand picture right now is an aggregate of all of that behavior.
 And we, at the same time, we've had longer product cycles. So we have great visibility. We have strategic long-term agreements. We're showing people what we can do 2, 3, 4 quarters out, and then we're asking them what exactly they need. And I think the economics play is happening now well that way. And I think that's why we're seeing the kind of stabilization that we are and why we can reinforce the fact that the back half of this fiscal year and even into the next fiscal year, we'll continue to expedite growth and will turn that into revenue. Gianluca, do you want to... 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. On the profitability question, I would say we are executing well on our plan. We discussed few quarters ago how we could improve our profitability quarter-after-quarter. Even in the last quarter, we improved our gross margin by 140 basis points, and we are at the top of the operating margin range. So we are happy with the performance. But of course, we are always looking at the opportunity for improvement.
 As we were saying in the prepared remarks, there are some costs that are increasing, and we are looking into that, how to moderate that impact and continue to improve our gross margin and operating margin in the next few quarters. So we are positive, that we continue that trajectory, and demand is strong. So this is helping. When we have a good alignment between supply and demand, usually, we come out with a good profitability. So we are happy with the situation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Congrats on the strong results and outlook. I had 2 as well. You're returning cash well above 100% of free cash flow, and you just raised your dividend as well. I know you spoke about very strong capital return program at your Analyst Day earlier. Just wondering, as you're thinking about the outlook here, anything that has changed in the market that from a pricing or demand standpoint, that is sort of bolstering the confidence.
 And secondly, last night, Intel spoke about China Cloud slowdown given regulatory pressures over there. Are you seeing any of that? And is that contemplated in your raised fiscal year guide? 
William Mosley: I think it's part and parcel with Karl's question, there's -- both of the your questions kind of tie back to that same visibility that we have. So yes, we do have a long-standing track record of returning cash to shareholders. And we remain committed to the dividend as a matter of fact we opted for the first time -- or for the third time in a row -- third year in a row.
 That is really confidence in our long-term free cash flow generation and that gets into our -- like Gianluca was just saying, our balancing supply and demand against the growth of data that's out there in the world. So we'll continue to be opportunistic on share buybacks. And you can look at the track record over the last 10 years or the last 10 quarters of the company, you can see who we are relative to returns. 
 We continue to budget. So we'll look at investing in ourselves. We'll focus on optimizing the use of our capital to generate the best value we can over the long term. And we've been pretty good stewards of cash even in the tough times that happened in the pandemic. So I'm pretty confident in that.
 Relative to China and the cloud slowdown. I would say there's a couple of things. We have good customer relationships, and therefore, we get out in front of the 16s and 18s and 10 to 20 terabytes that they're going to need. And that's the same kind of question that Karl asked. I think also that the way I see it is not all infrastructure investments, that people are making, sync up necessarily when it comes to memory and compute and networking and storage. 
 And so you may make one type of investment for a while and then pivot to another type of investment against an overall strong investment thesis that's going on in the cloud. So I think that may explain why certain people see different things over the next 2 or 3 quarters.
 And we don't really -- we don't see any inventory buildup substantial. We see that people when they need the disk drives to actually populate the data centers and get those -- that mass capacity storage online, we see that trend quite far out and the customers are being very predictable on it. So that kind of explains our confident. We don't really see the slowdown in exabyte growth at all. 
Shanye Hudson: Do you have follow-up, Wamsi? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri: I had a question about CapEx discipline and supply-demand balance. There's been a lot of structural changes in the industry that seem like they could be pretty significant longer-term margin tailwinds in some ways, maybe similar to what's happened in DRAM. And I guess my question is, as we sort of enter a new cycle of CapEx, how do you ensure CapEx discipline? And how do you think about that in the context of overall supply-demand balance? I mean the old axiom is that it only takes one supplier to sort of tip the apple cart. So I'm wondering if you can talk about CapEx discipline. 
William Mosley: Yes. I mean it is good to reflect back on where we've come from. So if I look at the peak of client server, the drive types that we're making typically had 1 disk and 2 heads in them, and there were a lot of those drives. So our factories, we're very focused on flexibility, back-end capacity for notebook drives, for example. And now that we have mass capacity drives that have a lot of disks and a lot of heads in them. So it's much more like a semiconductor process. I mean, there's significant differences in the processes themselves, but the lead times for wafer quite long, quite specialized for us. And that's where a lot of the CapEx is actually being deployed now.
 That pivot has happened over the last 10 years. We're now fully enjoyed, as you can see from our numbers in heads and media investment land not in drive -- not having overcapacity for drive anymore. So kind of interesting as we've made that pivot.
 We talked about strong secular demand for mass capacity storage going all the way through '26. It will keep going after that, of course, we pegged the TAM at $26 billion, 5 years from now. We are trying to balance supply and demand against that. And I think exactly to your question, the governors are the lead times for wafer and also the lead times for the capital equipment to actually increase.
 And so as long as we continue to make the smart investments, we should be able to keep supply and demand in balance. And you could read that as a form of our CapEx discipline. Obviously, if we see, for example, on the HAMR transition, we want to accelerate it at all, we can invest a little bit more. We have a lot of cash to be able to do that. But we'll continue to really watch that supply and demand balance well and deployed like that. And we're working a lot with the customers on their specific needs. That's why I talked about the LTAs when Karl asked his question. So we know what roughly the build-outs are going to happen over time so we can we can do that very judiciously. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Tim, on the CapEx, no, we have a guidance range of 4% to 6% of revenue. We have also said that for this year, we will be probably in the low part of that range. We are fairly happy with the supply and demand alignment at this point and the utilization of our factories. And of course, we want to keep this good alignment for the future. 
Timothy Arcuri: I guess as my follow-up, can you talk about channel inventory? Where does channel stand at this point? And did your pricing in your mass capacity segment, did that benefit at all from channel refill in the third quarter, calendar third quarter? 
William Mosley: I think simply put, the answer is no. So we have multiple channels. Of course, in this case, we're talking about distribution channel, largely for legacy products. There's some small channel for mass capacity. But I think a lot of people are focused on legacy products. And we love those legacy products. We love the customers there. But we're not really investing there.
 And so we make sure that we keep those channel inventories properly balanced. And the swings that we might have seen, say, 2 quarters ago due to cryptocurrency or something like that, that reequilibrated very, very quickly. And it doesn't impact the mass capacity channels at all. So from my perspective, all the inventory levels that we have are quite good. 
 From -- inside Seagate, our inventory actually went down quite a bit, and that's a function of kind of how tough it is to manage supply and demand right now because the end customers are having trouble getting the right parts. And what we want to make sure we do is don't push too much into some of those temporary problems that they might have that they're trying to build the final kits, right? 
 That it doesn't help us, I think, to your point of long-term economics and industry structure and things like that. So we have to make sure that we balance our supply and demand even tactically really well, and I think we're doing a good job with it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel. 
Patrick Ho: Congrats on the nice quarter and outlook. Dave, maybe first, a big picture question. it was really encouraging to hear about the efforts on the multi actuated run like the MACH.2. I was just wondering to get a little more color on the HAMR side of things. You mentioned the progress there that continues to be on track. But can you talk about, I guess, customer discussions and when you believe the inflection point will be when customers transition over the HAMR drives? 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks for the question, Patrick. I think -- I'm glad you took away the optimism. The team is definitely feeling it with the results that we have. These are not just science projects anymore, this is product development, full boom product development now. And we've talked a lot about HAMR in the past. We've built a lot of parts. We've given drives to customers. They can see how those drivers behave in their infrastructures.
 And we're locked in with customers talking to them specifically about even the recent results that we have. But just to be super clear, HAMR is really the pathway to get to 30 terabytes and beyond, and we are very confident about that right now, and we expressed that in the prepared remarks. There's a lot of things we have to get together on so that you've got the manufacturing capability. There's other parts of the recording chain that we have to make worth the readback process, HAMR is usually about writing, get the media right, HAMR enabled to -- HAMR actually starts from a new material set in the disc, the ability to write dense bids comes from the media technologies that you're actually using. 
 So we have to get all that right as well. But we're super encouraged by the results. And I think the best way to say this, I think the industry probably hasn't done a great job of making things really clear. But I think the best way to say it is that we are feeling confident in capacity points, not only at 20 and 22 and 23 and 24 or things like that, but significantly higher than that based on what we're seeing right now.
 And we are working really hard to make sure we get that done. Our customers know it. They've seen samples of that, and we're going to continue to race to get there. I don't want to really announce any new products just yet, but we'll let you know when they come. 
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful. And maybe as my follow-up for Gianluca. Obviously, your results highlighted strong execution. And given the supply constraints that are in the industry, today, again, the results were really strong. I was just wondering in terms of your Malaysia operations and just some of the labor constraints. Are you seeing that abating right now? 
 And how did you manage through that -- how did you manage through the September quarter, given that there were some issues on that front in the country itself with COVID? What efforts did you take -- continue to deliver the strong results you delivered in September and the outlook for December? 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say, no, first of all, thank you for the congratulations. I think the same quarter actually came a little bit better than how we guided at the beginning. But in terms of revenue it's very well aligned. And the profitability is a bit better. I would say in terms of the legacy part of the business, right now, we are seeing a better trend compared to maybe a year ago, 2 years ago. Of course, not all the segments are the same inside legacy in the last quarter.
 Sequentially, consumer was a little bit down compared to June, but June was an extraordinary quarter for the consumer business. Now we see consumers coming back fairly strong in December. But at the same time, we see compute a little bit weak. So it's always difficult to look in towards the details. But again, we see a better trend. And also when you look at the volume, not only the revenue, we think in the future, you will see maybe some more reduction and then a good stabilization of the business. And Dave, you want to add something? 
William Mosley: Yes, Patrick, just to your comment about supply chains and being disrupted, people -- supply chains are all about people after all. It's about making people safe, safe to come to work, safe at home, the neighborhood around. We've been working very hard on that with our employees and our suppliers and customers. And I think everyone has the right perspective on this up through the supply chain. And there have been challenges, indeed, like you said. But I think we're managing through them pretty well. I mean people want their factories to run as well. There's -- they have an economic incentive to do that. So we all have to stay in touch with each other, treat each other right and make sure we're managing for the long haul, certainly at the scale at which we need out of our supply chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. 
Kathryn Huberty: Dave, just given it's such an important driver of gross margins. Can you talk about what percentage of mass capacity is now coming from the common platform drives? And where you think that revenue mix might exit the year and how the margins differ for the common platform drives versus the rest of the mass capacity portfolio? Then I have a follow-up. 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Katy. I don't know that I know the number off the top of my head. Actually, we -- to the common platform being 16, 18s and 20, there are some 14s and things like that in there as well. We also have the mid-cap nearline drives that are very strong performers right now, and we've just done a product refresh on, which is actually going to help us as well.
 So what I would say is that we continue to take cost out of the common platform, right? So even as we transition from 18s to 20s, there are ways that we can take cost out of component -- new components that are in there, and we continue to amortize over the tooling set for what we've already installed. So the -- all those things are serving us really well from a margin perspective. 
Gianluca Romano: Yesterday, I -- we said that 83% of the exabyte volume is in mass capacity right now. And I would say the majority of that volume is from the common platform. 
Kathryn Huberty: Okay. Great. And Gianluca, 3 months ago, you talked about gross margins improving every quarter of this year, even with some expected seasonality as you go into the back half of fiscal '22. Can you just talk about how, if at all, those assumptions have changed? Obviously, you're coming from a very impressive gross margin performance in September.
 So you're starting from a higher base. But just any update as to whether we should be modeling gross margin improvement every quarter and how you're thinking about revenue seasonality as you go into the March and June quarter? 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say probably compared to what we were discussing 3 months ago or 6 months ago, I see the COVID cost a little bit higher than what we were expecting, in particular, for freight and logistics. At the same time, demand is maybe a little bit stronger. So our utilization rate is really good. This is helping our unit cost to decrease quarter after quarter.
 So until we can keep this good alignment between supply and demand, I'm fairly confident we can do further improvement in the gross margin as we were discussing. And every quarter is a bit different. So it's difficult to be very precise for the next few quarters, but we are confident we can do some more progress in the marginality. 
William Mosley: Yes. I think, Katy, the demand is obviously the main driver of what's happening, and we see that persisting with well through the back half of this fiscal year and even into the next fiscal year, the exabyte trends continue really well. I think, tactically, what's going on with some of the costs or freight logistics things, even if a customer said, I want to do a swap in 3 weeks at the end of the quarter, it might be really hard to get them the product, given where we are. But none of that's really going to contribute to any demand destruction.
 So if demand is a front-end driver for us, then we think that's the story we want. And the other thing I would say is that we believe that right now that as we get out into Q3, there's a little -- some lulls at the end of the year and Chinese New Year and things we typically see that should allow some people to start rebuilding their positions in supply chain. So that's yet another reason why we're confident. 
Kathryn Huberty: Congrats on the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: Congrats on the strong execution. I wanted to follow up on your fiscal '22 revenue guide, I guess, now low double-digit growth relative to fiscal '21. If we take that and your December quarter guide, I think it's pretty clear that implicitly, you're assuming a down quarter sequentially in March and/or June. Just curious what's embedded there? Is it seasonality in your legacy business? Is it something in nearline, conservatism, supply chain, all of the above? Any context, any color there would be helpful? And then I've got a quick follow-up. 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Toshiya. So I think if you go back to last quarter, it would have been seasonality and it would have been more biased towards the legacy business. Obviously, the VIA markets are seasonal as well. And I would say now it's even more muted seasonality and some of the strength in the exabyte growth that we see in the cloud, particularly at the top end of the mass capacity markets. So that kind of explains what's changed, I think, in the last 3 months. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we see the nearline still very strong. And of course, every quarter, we will update on our visibility on the fiscal year. 
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's helpful. And then my follow-up is on the long-term model, guys, and I realize it's only been, what is it, 8 months since you announced the update, and I certainly wouldn't expect you to update your long-term model every 6 to 9 months. But it does look like, from a gross margin perspective, from an operating margin perspective, gross margins despite all the challenges, you're comfortably in that range.
 Operating margins, you're guiding to the second consecutive quarter of you guys being at the high end of that range. So I guess my question is, should we be thinking about a positive bias to what you presented earlier this year? Or is this as kind of as good as it gets and we should expect some sort of normalization or reversion over the coming quarters? 
William Mosley: Thanks. Yes, we've been looking at exactly what you're talking about. I don't think we're prepared to say anything about it today. Although, I will say that it's all -- it all is predicated upon supply/demand balance and demand continues to be strong. When you look back at 8 months or 9 months or whatever, we were still kind of at the front end of the pandemic. There were a lot of challenges that were going on then, that we didn't have great visibility into. 
 So I think the further time marches along, and we see how much data move to the cloud, and we see how much the edge is growing and all these new business models and things like that, we can look at demand versus our supply picture and see whether we update those models also. We'll keep you posted. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would just add that we are encouraged by the gross margin level that we generate in our mass capacity part of the business. And no, we need to see how this will continue to develop in the next quarters and in the next fiscal year. But so far, we are very confident. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. 
Ananda Baruah: Yes, I have 2, if I could. I guess the first is, Dave, you had mentioned in one of your remarks a little earlier about seeing demand sort of strength into fiscal year '23. And so I guess really where I'd love to -- well, I think we all would love to get from you is how are you guys thinking and how would you like us to think about sort of the context of this cycle? Does it need to fall off like past cycles have at times. And do you see it extending into kind of the second half of calendar '22, first half of calendar '23? And then I have a follow-up as well. 
William Mosley: Yes. I think that the fundamental trends for the secular growth, especially in mass capacity cloud are not changing from my perspective. If you think about it on a 20-terabyte drives next year, late in the year versus what people are buying 16 terabytes or 14 terabytes or whatever they were a couple of years ago. The TCO proposition for that and new data center built is still big and the replacement cycle is still big. That capacity point does matter. There's also other feature sets that are coming with these new drives that allow people to manage their data centers in a different way, more efficiently for power and reliability and all these other things, too.
 So it's a package that says that these investments that people are making will be a lot more programmatic. And we were having those kinds of discussions with customers worldwide. So that's what builds strength in our visibility. On the VIA markets as well, I think the application space at the edge is just propagating really quickly. So there's things like retail, consumer behavior, there's health care, which we all see and can kind of feel what -- how important mass capacity data is there. So there's a lot of edge applications that are just growing year-over-year as well. So that's why we continue to feel strength. And that's why we put out to the earlier question that Toshiya asked, we included that kind of revenue growth in our long-term models. 
Ananda Baruah: That's great context and super helpful. And then I guess just one on -- you guys have talked on sort of lead times. You guys have talked in the past on these calls about sort of what lead times have looked like to get sort of the highest capacity of the nearline drives. I think at some point, the implied event. I think in the spring, you were saying December, so kind of 6 months like that. And so would love to get just an update on what the lead times look like?
 How long it's taking to get those high cap drives out the door? And then along with that, a pricing question, is the -- like when you guys take orders in, the pricing that you guys end up selling the drives at, is it at the point of order taking? Or is it where the price would be, say, 6 months from now when you ship it? Would love context around those 2. And that's it for me. 
William Mosley: There's so many different types of customers that I don't think I'll comment on the pricing, but I will say that -- your first question was really about how do you know these long-term agreements. And some of it is exactly you remember the comment I made 9 months ago roughly, which was, a, if you want something for Christmas, you better tell me now. I mean that's the kind of lead time we're talking about. We're doing starts in our wafer factory right now for capacity points that are out there in time and we're saying to people this is how we were -- roughly we're going to be able to build in that time frame.
 Let's just make sure our plans are aligned. It's not just about capacity points, though, it's also about all the other things architecturally that they're changing to make sure that we have the best value prop to put into their data center that intercepts that architecture. And so it's a big planning exercise for our customers inside their supply chain. If you wanted 1 drive, then yes, we have 1 extra drive laying around. But if you want hundreds of thousands or millions or something, then we need to be talking with a lot of lead time. And that's -- I think that's what's bringing the stability to the business so that -- if that helps you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom O'Malley from Barclays. 
Thomas O'Malley: Congrats on the nice results. Dave, I wanted to kind of double-click into the non-HDD business. Obviously, you're raising the full year guide here. Can you talk about the contribution of the non-HDD business has to that growth rate, what do you see that kind of growing this fiscal year? 
William Mosley: Yes. Tom, thanks. The non-HDD business has been a little choppy. I mean, there's certain places where we can use our brand for continued strength. But there's opportunities and we take advantage of them. And sometimes those opportunities wax and wane a little bit. I think relative to the profitability of the non-HDD business, it's actually climbing. So we believe we're using our brand appropriately to get some more revenue and it's not so dilutive as it used to be in the past.
 And especially on the systems business, you have to be a little bit careful because there are so many more components in such lower volumes than we're accustomed to dealing with in the HDD business that, that's where supply chain stuff gets really tough, and then those systems themselves are very large, right? So shipping freight logistics are a big challenge. And we still want to bring the same brand proposition to the customers, the same predictability that I just talked about on Ananda's question. So from -- but -- from a revenue perspective, I think there's more opportunity for us out there, but it's actually challenging to run some of those businesses as well, given the supply chain challenges. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I would say from a financial standpoint, even if the non-HDD business had a lower gross margin, it is a very good contributor for our free cash flow. So we are in keeping the effort on the non-HDD drive business. 
Thomas O'Malley: That's helpful. And then, Dave, to your point earlier, I just had a follow-up on the systems business. You called it out in your preamble as particularly being impacted by supply chain, and I think you just reiterated that. Could you talk about what products that is? Obviously, these are big complex machines that you're selling here -- the systems that you're selling here. Where are the  constraints? Where are you seeing that supply chain hold up? Any kind of particular examples would be helpful. 
William Mosley: Yes. I think all things silicon, all things power, all things kind of the things that we typically don't control very much are tight. And I would say it's not only a matter of being able to actually procure something. It's also a matter of getting it through all of the factories that it needs to get to be finally consumed for us that's been the complexity.
 So we have tried really hard with our systems business over the years to reduce the complexity of our offerings so we can go a little longer on inventory positions and be more flexible for our customers, but it is a challenge right now, as you can well imagine. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. 
Sidney Ho: Great. I have 2 questions, too. The first one is on pricing. How would you characterize the current pricing environment? Maybe you can parse out the crypto impact. Also interested in whether you're able to pass on the high cost to your customers? How much of a tailwind is that to your gross margin forecast over the next few quarters? 
Gianluca Romano: For the pricing, I would say that the pricing environment is still very favorable, similar to the prior quarter, I would say. And no, we expect this to last even in the current quarter and hopefully even in the future. Parsing the cost, I don't think it's so automatic. We negotiate pricing based on demand and the alignment between supply and demand and not too much on parsing specific costs to our customers. 
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's fair. Maybe my follow-up question is on the technology road map a little bit. Obviously, you're starting to ramp up the 20-terabyte right now. But with HAMR, not likely being a high volume until it sounds like later, maybe 30-terabyte. How confident are you that you can accomplish the cost reduction improvement you talked about at your Analyst Day, not just the magnitude, but also within the time frame you talked about? 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Sidney. So a couple of things. It's not only about the highest capacity point. If you think about it, we get to a point where we can take heads and disks out of the lower capacity points. That's a way to introduce margin back into the system as well. And then you fundamentally have more capacity that you don't have to install with CapEx, right, because you're being more efficient inside your own factories as well.
 So I know a lot -- we do a lot of focus on 30-terabyte capacity points, but there are a lot of opportunities to go back and sell 16 terabytes with fewer heads and disks. And that's probably the way to think about the march that we're on towards higher capacity points. It introduces that kind of cost oxygen back into the system for efficiency.
 If you compare ourselves, again, back to the ancient history of the peak of client server, when there's 1 disk and 2 heads you needed huge jump scenario density to make these cost jumps when you have 8 or 9 disks in a box and you can take 1 out and you hit the same capacity point or 2 out or 3 out to hit the same capacity points, that's a lot of cost oxygen relatively. And it's easier to transition through. So if that helps you think about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers: Congrats on the quarter. My first question is back to kind of the capital return strategy. The company has done a phenomenal job returning capital over these past several quarters. But we have seen the net debt position continue to decline. So I guess the question is, do you look -- how do you think about the appropriate level of either liquidity or cash on the balance sheet as we gauge your continued propensity to be -- after 1 share repurchase? 
Gianluca Romano: I think we discussed this a little bit at our last Analyst Day, and we said no, we are comfortable with the liquidity level at least of $2 billion, and this includes, of course, our great revolver. So we are still well above that level. And so we have great opportunities.
 First of all, because we generate very strong free cash flow. We were talking about that before. The last quarter was very good, almost $380 million. We expect free cash flow to continue to improve during the fiscal year. So this will give us opportunity for a further return to our shareholders. 
William Mosley: And I think, Aaron, there's a lot of other levers that we have at our disposal. You see us managing our working capital really well. If you look at our inventory positions against what our final objectives are, that's part of how we get done what we need to get done to maintain the liquidity, flexibility that we want. 
Aaron Rakers: Yes. And then as a quick follow-up, just kind of back on the pricing discussion. Maybe a longer-term way of asking it is, the HDD industry is not just kind of concentrated from a competitive landscape, but also now 65%-plus nearline capacity shift and maybe even more concentrated in the competitive dynamics in that vertical. It used to be thought of as kind of like a 10%, maybe 15% price per annum kind of decline -- price per gig decline in hard disk drive.
 Do you think we should think differently about that? Do you think we should think about a much more disciplined and flattening out price curve for hard disk drives as we think about the long-term model implications? 
William Mosley: I think as drives have changed towards content-rich heads and media, then I think the lead times of your investment are going to be longer. And so therefore, I think that you'll see less fluctuation in supply-demand misalignment. Now you could still have demand shocks like we saw at the front end of the pandemic. And then there may be other supply shocks as well. But from my perspective, the industry is doing a good job of managing supply-demand balance because the process content that's required to make a drive as a mass capacity drive at the front end of it is really has a lot of long lead times and very complex parts. So I think that's what's changing the behavior rather than anything else. 
Operator: Your last question will come from Jim Suva from Citigroup. 
Jim Suva: And I just have one question, and that is on your cloud business that you're seeing. Some suppliers to the cloud customers see very, very lumpy business, a really strong quarter then a couple of quarters of digestion. I'm wondering now that you're seeing such strong strength in cloud. Is it something that you anticipate some lumpiness or with the visibility you mentioned that they're kind of installing and using and ordering what their needs be? Is there just less lumpiness for your products compared to some other server switches compute products out there? 
William Mosley: It's interesting, Jim. I'll give you my perspective. I think we have to be very careful in the cloud of calling one size fits all because obviously, there are so many different types of business models and different application spaces, even inside individual customers, they have multiple applications. I do think like at the front end of the pandemic when everything shifted to the cloud and work from home and these kinds of things. We are seeing massive investment that was happening in what I would call transactional architecture.
 So very compute-intensive, very memory-intensive and so on. I think as -- that did not mean that mass capacity was not growing, but what it did mean was that the priority immediately for some of those type of customers was to make sure they could fulfill their service level agreements what their end customers who were pushing into the cloud. And that's maybe why as people look back over the last year, they start to talk about lumpiness, just getting it all right can be hard, right?
 And you may invest for one architecture or application and then see opportunities somewhere else and pivot over there. And so these are difficult problems, I'm sure that the people who have to build cloud data infrastructure and application layers are grappling with. Relative to mass capacity, I think the build-out has been much more thoughtful, frankly, over time.
 And it's not to say that there aren't changes in strategies and opportunities as they see ways to go gain more efficiency at other places. But I think the market is now diversified sufficiently and our predictability with customers has matured to a point where I'm comfortable and that we're seeing a stronger demand picture that's more consistent like we talked about. 
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to presenters for closing remarks. 
William Mosley: Thanks very much, everyone. I want to thank you for participating in this call and really thank our employees for all their hard work up and down the supply chain and the suppliers and customers. Many thanks from the Seagate team as well. And again, thank our shareholders for their continued support in Seagate. We'll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 financial results conference call. My name is Tabitha and I’ll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes only. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer, and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer.  We’ve posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and fiscal year 2021 on the Investors section of our website.  During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and included in our Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We’ve not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these items are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted, therefore a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. As a reminder, this call contain forward-looking statements, including our September quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effect of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for questions. I’ll now turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thank you Shanye, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. Seagate ended fiscal 2021 on a strong note, delivering outstanding June quarter performance and fiscal year revenue that exceeded expectations. These results reflect broad-based demand across the mass capacity end markets and incredible execution by our global team, which together led to faster than anticipated progress toward our long-term financial targets.  In the June quarter, revenue topped the $3 billion mark for the first time in six years and we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $2.00 per share, which was at the topmost end of the upwardly revised guidance range that we provided in early June. Additionally, we expanded non-GAAP gross margin to 29.6% and expect to be inside our long term target range of 30% to 33% ahead of schedule. The demand strength and favorable mix has accelerated the time frame to achieve better supply-demand equilibrium, which is supporting firmer pricing conditions.  We are reporting these exceptional results at a time of optimism in parts of the world as vaccinations progress and economies begin to reopen; in fact, we are hosting today’s call from Dublin for the first time in six quarters. While the pandemic remains a difficult reality for many parts of the world and we have remained vigilant in continuing to manage the business through this period, it is clear at a macro level that recovery is underway in the markets that we serve. Seagate is entering this recovery period in a very strong position, helped by the fact that we executed incredibly well throughout the crisis. For fiscal year ’21, we generated nearly 2% year-over-year revenue growth, exceeding our expectations. We grew operating profits faster than sales and achieved operating margin of 15.4% for the year, showing the leverage in the business, and we returned substantial amount of capital to shareholders, including $2.7 billion in dividends and share repurchases, retiring more than 13% of our outstanding shares in fiscal 2021. In addition to recording strong financial results, our innovation engine has not slowed down. We extended our HDD technology leadership, as evidenced by Seagate being the first company to commercialize HAMR technology and the first to deliver dual actuator performance drives, which are now shipping in high volume to support multiple customers. We’ve leveraged our areal density gains to streamline our product road map, making us better able to meet changing customer demand requirements while maintaining an attractive cost profile. We also leveraged the strength of our common mass capacity platform to execute our 18 terabyte RAM plans to meet customer demand. We expect to begin shipping 20 terabyte PMR drives in the second half of this calendar year. Finally, we expanded our product and service offerings with the launch of Lyve edge-to-cloud platforms and remain on track with the build-out of our four live cloud metro edge locations by calendar year-end.  A year ago, when the business challenges posed by the pandemic were very acute, I made the statement that Seagate would emerge from the crisis stronger than ever. With the financial performance and innovations that I’ve just highlighted, I believe that our team has delivered on that claim and that Seagate is stronger than ever. We are continuing to focus on unlocking more value for our customers and shareholders.  For example, last month we introduced Corvault to our family of cost-efficient high density storage systems. Corvault combines Seagate’s internally designed storage system basis with our intelligent self-healing software and data security technologies, which results in a high reliability storage solution at petabyte scale, a deal for private cloud and macro edge data centers.  We are also working directly with customer to unlock value. Many of our hyper scale customers already employ AI and machine learning to reduce the amount of human intervention necessary to maintain and repair their large fleets of storage drives. We recently teamed with Google Cloud to take data intelligence one step further. Together, we developed models that help predict drive failures before they occur. These models promise to lower operational costs and prevent potential problems to their end users, a clear win-win. Let’s turn now to the current market environment, starting with an area that has garnered significant interest in recent weeks. Storage center block chains such as those used by Filecoin for decentralized storage applications, or Chia cryptocurrency which is considered an environmentally friendly alternative to other block chains that utilize energy-intensive computational power to validate transactions, have significant interest.  During the June quarter, we saw a meaningful increase in HDD demand due in part to the initial build-out of the Chia net space, which is comprised of both new and repurposed HDDs. By our estimation, new Chia demand represented at most a mid-single digit percentage of total industry exabyte shipments during the quarter, primarily into the distribution channel. This incremental demand served to tighten the HDD supply dynamics in an increasingly robust demand environment. While the future growth outlook in this space remains unclear, we are excited by the potential applications associated with innovations in decentralized file storage. For Seagate, strong growth in the traditional mass capacity market remains the primary driver of HDD demand. In the June quarter, mass capacity represented close to 70% of Seagate’s HDD revenue, supported by broad-based demand for our Nearline drives and the third consecutive quarter of sales growth into both cloud and enterprise customers. Cloud data center demand has remained healthy and steady for the last 18 months and current indicators suggest that that trend will continue. While it’s clear that the pandemic played a big role in accelerating digital transformation, hyper scale industry leaders expect the digital adoption curve to continue accelerating even as COVID recedes. At the same time, businesses are preparing for employees to return to the workplace, which is reinvigorating on-prem IT infrastructure investments and supporting ongoing recovery in the enterprise markets. We also experienced stronger than anticipated recovery in the VIA market during the quarter due in part to tighter supply conditions. We currently foresee relatively stable demand through the second half of the calendar year.  Looking ahead, secular demand for mass capacity data combined with signs of macro recovery represent significant opportunities for Seagate and set the stage for continued strong financial performance and cash flow generation. These factors combined with our broad product portfolio underpin our forecast to grow revenue in the high single digit percentage range or more in fiscal 2022, which is well above our long-term financial model range.  I’ll now hand the call over to Gianluca to cover the financial results.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate executed extremely well in the June quarter, delivering very strong top and bottom-line growth that was fueled by accelerating demand in the mass capacity market and distribution channel.  Revenue was $3.01 billion, up 10% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 18.1%, in the upper end of our long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue, and non-GAAP EPS was $2.00 per share, up 35% sequentially and 67% year-over-year. Ongoing demand momentum for our mass capacity product supported a third consecutive quarter of record hard disk drive capacity shipments totaling 152 exabytes, up 9% sequentially and 30% year-on-year. More than 80% of total exabytes were shipped into the mass capacity market, which includes Nearline, VIA and NAS products. Mass capacity shipments hit a record 123 exabytes in the June quarter, up 11% sequentially and 36% year-over-year.  We are continuing to leverage our manufacturing agility and drive operational efficiencies to meet our customers’ timing. Mass capacity now represents close to 70% of total HDD revenue. Further demand for our Nearline drive and strong recovery in the VIA market drove record mass capacity revenue of $1.9 billion, up 16% sequentially and up 29% compared with the prior year period.  Sales of our Nearline product grew strongly quarter over quarter, reflecting the rapid uptick in demand from storage-centric block chains layered on top of healthy cloud data center demand and improving enterprise OEM customer TAM that we discussed last quarter. We attribute incremental sales of our mid to high capacity Nearline product in distribution channels to Chia. While our cloud and OEM customers consumed a majority of our high capacity supply, including our 18 terabyte size which are shipping in high volume. Overall, the airline shipments increased to 101 exabytes, up 6% sequentially and 28% year-on-year from record levels in each of the comparable quarters.  Stronger than expected demand in the VIA market led to a sharp sequential increase in revenue as [indiscernible] got underway and customers invested to support in future demand. Looking ahead, we expect relatively stable demand into the second half of the calendar year. The legacy market end up well in the June quarter with revenue of $854 million compared with $864 million in both the prior quarter and the prior year period. Exabyte shipments remained relatively flat quarter over quarter at roughly 29 exabytes.  Ongoing demand for our mission critical drives and better than expected sales of our consumer product partially offset the anticipated decline for PC drives. We expect relatively stable demand for both mission critical and consumer drives over the next couple of quarters, which would result in more moderate year-over-year revenue decline [indiscernible]. Finally, turning to our non-HDD business, revenue increased 16% sequentially and 42% year-over-year to a record $276 million. We continue to drive momentum in our system business, which offers simple and scalable petabyte solutions targeted for enterprise and private cloud customers.  In the June quarter, non-GAAP gross profit increased to $892 million compared with $749 million in the March quarter and $686 million in the prior year period. We had $32 million of COVID-related costs during the quarter. Calendar year-to-date, the vast majority of these costs are attributed to unabated state charges, which we expect to persist through fiscal 2022; however, given the uncertainty around when or if these costs will abate, starting in fiscal Q1 we plan to stop calling them out. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 219 basis points to 29.6%, including slightly more than 1% headwind from COVID-related costs. Total HDD margins are already inside our target range of 30% to 33% and we now expect total company non-GAAP gross margin to be at the low end of the range in the September quarter, reflecting better alignment in supply and demand and the transition to mass capacity product that has taken place. Non-GAAP operating expenses came in at $346 million, up 5% sequentially, reflecting higher variable compensation associated with the strong performance. We are tightly managing expenses and expect to maintain opex at approximately the same level for the next few quarters. The combination of higher sales and margin expansion resulted in non-GAAP operating income of $546 million, up 30% sequentially and over 46% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 18.1%, up 274 basis points sequentially and 330 basis points year-over-year and solidly inside our long term guidance range of 15% to 20% of revenue. Based on the diluted share count of approximately 233 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the June quarter was $2.00 per share, the highest level since fiscal ’12. Capital expenditures were $124 million in the June quarter and just under $500 million for the fiscal year, which represents 4.7% of our revenue, in line with our long term target range. Through strong expense discipline and efforts to improve manufacturing efficiencies, we reduced capex by about 15% in fiscal 2021, exiting the year with better supply-demand balance. Inventory was $1.2 billion, down 6% sequentially with days inventory outstanding declining for the third consecutive quarter to 51 days. Our teams have done an outstanding job of working with our suppliers and partners to manage [indiscernible] inventory levels and mitigate supply chain disruption, including the recent COVID-related restrictions in Asia which we continue to closely monitor. In the June quarter, we increased free cash flow to $354 million, up 29% both quarter over quarter and year over year. Our focus on optimizing profitability and cash generation provides flexibility to invest in the business and return capital to our shareholders. We used $154 million to fund the quarterly dividend and $220 million to repurchase 2.6 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 227 million shares outstanding and approximately $4.2 billion remaining in our authorization. We retired 34 million shares during fiscal year 2021 and returned a total of $2.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases. Based on our current outlook, we expect to maintain a robust capital return program in fiscal 2022 while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile. Cash and cash equivalents remained relatively stable at $1.2 billion and total liquidity was approximately $3 billion, including our revolving credit facility. These levels are more than adequate to support our operation and business needs. As we enter fiscal 2022, the team and environment remain strong and we continue to execute our product and technology road map to deliver on our customer requirements when driving value for Seagate. Looking ahead to our outlook for the September quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $3.1 billion plus or minus $150 million. We expect non-GAAP operating profit to grow faster than sales, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin at the upper end of our long term range of 15% to 20% of revenue and we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.20 per share plus or minus $0.15, representing sequential growth of 10% at the midpoint.  In summary, we continue to achieve outstanding results supported by our unwavering focus on operational execution and the strength of our product and technology portfolio. We are already demonstrating performance consistent with our financial targets and enter fiscal ’22 well positioned for top and bottom line growth. I now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Gianluca.  Seagate is executing well, delivering financial performance at or above our commitments, maintaining a relentless focus on total customer experience, and deploying capital to enhance value for all stakeholders. We capped fiscal ’21 with our strongest performance of the year and we expect that positive momentum to continue moving forward.  We’ve demonstrated strong leverage in our business model to grow operating profits faster than revenue and in turn drive free cash flow generation. Our ability to consistently generate free cash flow provides the flexibility to fund future growth and employ a robust shareholder return program as well. Based on the current outlook, we expect to grow free cash flow appreciably in fiscal 2022. Our employees have been crucial to Seagate’s current success and key to driving our future. Over our 40-year history, Seagate has transitioned many times to address the evolving storage industry landscape; for example, we’ve recently pivoted our factories and technology to deliver mass capacity solutions and have emerged a leader. Now, we are focused on addressing the next mass data challenge with our Lyve product platform. To keep pace with these changes, we are investing to re-scale and re-deploy Seagate employees as needed to support our future growth and respond to the changing demands of the business. For example, we’ve launched a tool called Career Discovery earlier this year, which has already helped Seagate to establish networking and mentor connections as well as redeployment opportunities for hundreds of employees. Seagate has a broad bench of talent with decades of hardware and software experience, formidable supply chain management and manufacturing skills, and deep knowledge of chip design and data analytics. This expertise and strong customer relationships allows Seagate to understand the global mass capacity ecosystem and its architectures better than anyone. Tools such as Career Discovery are helping us deploy our diverse resources to support our future needs while enabling Seagate to maintain opex efficiency. We are confident that this focus on people will put us on a firm footing for continued growth and success. As we close, I want to thank both Seagate’s employees and those in our supply chain whose efforts enabled our ongoing leadership in mass data solutions. Our customers and our shareholders are equally deserving of thanks for their ongoing trust and support of Seagate. Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen & Company. Karl, your line is open.
Leni: Hi, can you hear me okay? My first question--this is Leni [ph] on for Karl Ackerman. I have two questions.  My first question, what sort of feedback have you received from current [indiscernible] qualifying your 20 terabyte Nearline drive? I’m asking because you had previously indicated it is not a cost effective node, yet this is a critical step function until you reach the 24 terabyte HAMR. When should we expect 20 terabyte HAMR to reach fit crossover for Nearline shipments? Is that something that could occur in fiscal ’22?
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Leni. I don’t think we ever said that 20 terabytes would be a crossover point for HAMR, to your point. We have a number of different 20 terabyte platforms coming - PMR, SMR, HAMR. There’s a lot of different flavors of them, and they are targeted to different customers so different qualification schedules for each. We’re very aggressive with the 20 terabyte qualification because the heads and media for the PMR version that we referenced in the prepared remarks is already in the high volume manufacturing for 18 terabytes and capacity points below, as well - 16 and so on, so we’re very confident in that and we’re ramping aggressively with customers, giving them samples, getting through qualifications, and I’m fairly optimistic about that for the back half of the year.
Leni: Great, thank you. Just one more follow-up, if I may. On demand outlook and capex, how are you thinking about adding incremental heads in disk capacity relative to your fiscal ’22 outlook? Chia’s [indiscernible] currency has clearly led to a supply shortage of mid and high capacity drives for data centers, yet the fulfillment of the Jedi contract by the Department of Defense appears to meet the capex demands for the next few quarters. I’m hoping you may address your view of capacity and the outlook for data center demand over the next quarters.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I’d say within the head factory, for example, which is the longest lead time part, we have well over 100 million heads per quarter going out, so we have the ability to mix--to change the mix as we see fit. Some of the demand changes that we saw are fairly easy inside of our portfolio, it’s just been really trimmed down, made very efficient, especially with the common platform, we have the ability to change from one to the other. We are always bringing on more capacity by putting more tools online to hit the new technology nodes, so that’s within our capex envelope all the time, and we’ll just continue to watch this. I think we can continue to grow more exabyte supply with technology transitions, more exabytes with areal density so to speak, and we’ll continue to watch and be nimble in the markets as well. Gianluca, do you want to add something?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we discussed in the last few quarters about the need to realign supply and demand, and we are getting closer and closer every quarter. For overall capex, fiscal ’22 we think we will have the same target as fiscal ’21, between 4% and 6% of revenue, so we will add capacity but we will also be looking at keeping this alignment within supply and demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Katy Huberty: Yes, thank you. As you walked through the various segments - Nearline, VIA, mission critical, consumer, you talked about stable trends across the board, yet the full year revenue growth guidance assumes that there will be a revenue run rate reduction from the $3.1 billion September guide, so can you just talk about what will drive lower revenue as you move through the year, and maybe what sort of the first half versus second half looks like? Then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Katy. Yes, I think we are chasing the demand right now, obviously, and so we think the front half is a little stronger. In the back half, there will be more muted seasonality than what we’re normally accustomed. We do--you know, that’s three quarters away, there may be some variability there, so we do have good relationships with all of our customers across all these product sets now and they give us a pretty strong sense of what their demand profile is going to be through the year. I would characterize this as muted seasonality for now but significantly up, we said, at least high single digits in revenue growth year-over-year, so it’s still significantly up and we’re still chasing it.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we think we will have a very strong second part of calendar ’21. Last quarter, I think we said at least 10% increase year-over-year. Right now, we think it will be at least 15%, so for another couple of quarters very strong, and then as usual we have in our plans some seasonality for the legacy market and some of the mass capacity, like [indiscernible], but node could be different, as we have seen last year, for example.
Dave Mosley: I think the other thing is we’re running--to the earlier question, we’re running in the high volume the heads of media that we already need to make more 18s or 20s, or whatever, so if some of the cloud markets were to take up above our plan, we could stretch there, I think, in the back half of the year as well.
Katy Huberty: Okay, and then the pricing environment, as you said, has firmed up faster than you expected. What will determine whether those prices can hold, and what are you assuming for price change in that full year guidance for high single digit growth?
Dave Mosley: Across the whole portfolio, it’s really the balance of supply and demand, so it’s not just about the exabytes at the highest capacity points. There’s strong demand in the VIA market, there’s strong demand for 8 terabyte families this quarter, strong demand for even some of the high end desktop products.  I think we’re trying to balance all these things for the customers. They’re giving us predictability and they need predictability - in a time of disrupted supply chain, everybody is trying to get the complete kit to attack all these market opportunities that they have, so that’s really what’s firming it up. I’ll let Gianluca quantify it through the course of the fiscal year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, for the time being I’ll say [indiscernible] we have a fairly strong pricing environment, especially for the mass capacity. The legacy is still expected to decline a little bit, but in general, as we were discussing before, it all depends from base alignment between supply and demand but right now it’s fairly good. We want to give it [indiscernible].
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the Nearline drives. Given how strong Nearline’s exabyte shipments have been in the past two quarters - I think it’s up 40% in the past two quarters, I know crypto is a factor but you also mentioned cloud is strong as well. Are you concerned that we’ll see an inventory digestion space soon, or maybe asked slightly differently, do you have a sense as to how much inventory has built in the channel or at your customers, especially cloud and enterprise guys, at this time?
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Sidney. I don’t think there’s too much inventory out there by any stretch of the imagination. It’s a little bit different if you looked at the enterprise channels - they’re relatively lower inventory, and we did see growth in the enterprise quite a bit quarter over quarter. As far as the cloud goes, worldwide I think it’s fairly healthy demand, it’s fairly well distributed. This is what we’ve been talking about for the last couple of years - we’ve always wanted a lot of different customers pulling at these levels, and we’ve seen that, so we’re fairly happy with the demand outlook and what we’ve got in the build plan right now for the next couple of quarters, because the lead time is so long, as we’ve said before. That’s really what builds our confidence, is these great conversations we’re having with customers worldwide.
Sidney Ho: Great. Maybe a follow-up question on the gross margin side, you talked about gross margin to be within the long term target range of 30% to 33% in the September quarter. I’m curious if you have--if you had to unpack the gross margin guidance, what are some of the key components for this margin uplift? Is it pricing, product mix, yield improvement and whatnot, and how should we think about those factors playing out beyond the September quarter? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, and I’ll let Gianluca chime in here too. The first thing I would say is that there were a lot of swaps during the quarter from maybe some of the things that we had planned into things that were actually moving faster. Like I said, when you have demand everywhere, those swaps actually reflect a better supply and demand balance than what we had forecast, and that’s probably the biggest thing. Inventories came down, our factories are very full. The heads of media factories, of course, are being staged for the next couple of quarters as well, so all that kind of fits us financially. There’s mid to up as well, and we’re going to more cost optimize drives in the next few quarters as well, so we’ve started into the family of 18s that we’ve talked about, we like the cost on. We have a lower capacity Nearline drive that’s actually mixing in as well that we’ve launched, so those are all the positives. There still are headwinds from freight, freight logistics around the world is still not--it’s still there, it’s still an overhang, and there’s obviously complement prices in various sectors that are happening because of shortages worldwide that are affecting us a little bit, so this is the headwind.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we had a very good quarter in FQ4, and we are already guiding FQ1 is higher levels. I would say one of the major reason is this pricing environment that is improving. The second reason is the mix that is shifting more and more to the mass capacity. In fiscal Q4, 70% of the revenue was already on mass capacity and we expect that to continue to increase. The other major reason that you will see throughout fiscal year ’22 is increase of our cost optimized drive, so the drives that are based on two terabytes on disk, and that will stay with us through the fourth quarter and will continue to bring improvement to our gross margin.
Sidney Ho: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Dave, you said mid single digit percent of HDD exabyte demand from Chia in the June quarter for the industry, so if I map up to Seagate, it looks like Chia contributed maybe 60% of the incremental sequential exabytes. If you see this demand flatten out, how comfortable are you that supply-demand will continue to be tight enough to keep pricing favorable? Then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Wamsi. It’s really hard to forecast exactly what’s going on in Chia, and not just because of Chia itself because they are fairly transparent with their numbers, but because of the entire space that’s developing. We did say that on the growth of the NAS space that we’ve seen to date, there’s probably a fair amount of refurbished drives or drives that have been purchased one or two quarters ago, so it’s a relatively small contribution as of yet to Seagate’s overall revenue, and even in the exabyte growth perspective, I don’t think it’s very big, so we said maybe mid single digits, like you referenced. I think it’s a space to watch. We love it because it’s very innovative, not just in Chia and those applications but also in the IDFS applications that we talked about last quarter. The big takeaway is if it continues to grow and fast, it will have to grow with more new build, so that’s something for us to watch. But we’re not really forecasting very much of that into our guide right now because we’re going to wait and see a little bit, and we’ll react to customers who are trying to drive more demand in the channel as it happens. Mass capacity is still our business - that’s what I would take away, and that’s how we plan our exabytes and that’s how we have our customer relationships across the breadth of our portfolio. I don’t think Chia was that impactful from in that respect in the last quarter, and looking forward we’re not really forecasting it very much. We’ll just react to it.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, that’s helpful. Then as a follow-up, you’ve added gross margins for next quarter within your long term range. What would need to happen for you to fall out of that range as you go through the course of the year?
Dave Mosley: I think that would be all about cost and maybe some kind of disruption to the overall supply-demand picture that we’ve been working on. If you go back six quarters, eight quarters, when we decided to make some of the investments that we did for the mass capacity platform on 16s and then transitioning to 18s and everything else, we put on capacity for that, we pivoted our lines for that. When the pandemic hit and the supply chain was so disrupted, that’s the thing that really hurt us.  What’s allowed us to climb back into the model is the exabyte demand is prone. I think we’d be a lot more resilient this time at this higher level, but that would still be the watch item. We don’t forecast that, by the way - we think the exabyte curve is still going up and over the next few years, you know our thesis, it’s going to grow very big, and so we’re still fairly bullish on exabyte growth without this thing taking a backseat or a U-turn. But in these environments, we’re always--everybody is careful, so that’s the way I’d characterize it.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas O’Malley with Barclays.
Thomas O’Malley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on Katy’s earlier question, talking about the seasonality for the year. Gianluca, I believe you said that the second half of the calendar year would be very strong, and I think you mentioned 15% year-over-year. That would imply a down December. Can you talk about what you’re seeing into the December quarter that’s weakening, or can you clarify that 15% year-over-year comment?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I said at least 15%, so I don’t think it’s implying really a decrease in the December [indiscernible] would be probably fairly close. I would say the seasonality that is expected is more into the March and June quarters, as it was the case in the last few years with the exception of fiscal ’21. We think in general, because the mix of mass capacity is continuing to improve, the seasonality will be more muted in the future maybe than in this calendar year, but there’s a little bit less visibility for us when we go into the March and June quarter.
Thomas O’Malley: That’s helpful. My follow-up is around Nearline. I know that you guys don’t like to talk about share, but clearly you’re in a really nice leadership position here. Can you talk about that leadership position, how you feel like you’re maintaining that lead, and for the remainder of the year, do you think that from a competitive perspective, you’re going to see any change in that market? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Tom. We actually--well, we don’t manage for market share, we’ve been talking about that for quite some time. We’re very happy with this platform, 16s going to 18s going to 20s, and going beyond as well, and obviously that’s allowed us to be very flexible, so when people come in for a few more units, they want to swap something in their plan, they want to get on upside, we can actually get it done out of the factories and that’s probably the biggest reason for why we’ve done really well. And I think back on the 16s, we had that leadership just in total capacity available. As far as I’m concerned, we’re executing the plan. So, we’re out talking to customers, we tell them what do you need, we plan that way in advance. We talked about this last quarter, that if you want an 18 in December, you better tell me now because I’m starting the units for it now. That is, I think, really resonating with customers right now. We can be predictable like this. So that’s the way we’re planning the business and we’re fairly happy with the portfolio.  Again, not driving really for market share or anything like that. I think that’s how our customers are managing us as well, which is be predictable for me and because these are massive investments that they have to make as well, so they need to know that the product is coming.
Thomas O’Malley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors LLC.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good morning. Just to follow up on those last comments, Dave, can you maybe talk about with now basically supply-demand balance, how you engage differently with some of those customers? What would be the incrementals that get you to add capacity going forward? Then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I’ll tell you it’s kind of more of the same, really, because if you think about it, if you were buying 16s before and now you want to ramp to 18s or 20s, we’re still having the same discussion, it’s just a different drive. We’re confident in our yields and throughput and our ability to go hit those high volumes. There’s not much legacy business to take heads of media out of anymore, to your point, but there’s still, I said well over 100 million heads per quarter to be able to do some swaps. The issue is just lead time, so if the swaps are in the last two or three weeks of the quarter, there’s no way, right, so that’s what’s changing, I think, in the market.  I don’t think we’ll go back into a point where we put over-capacity in for that. I think we just -- we get into the -- stay inside of our financial model, we’ll invest in the CapEx that we see for the demand, and then maybe if the demand goes even bigger than we can up our investment, we can do that one tool at a time. We don’t need to do it with a massive swing, I think.
Steven Fox: That’s helpful. Then just secondly on the Lyve platform, it sounds like you’re getting some more technology validation, or at least proceeding like you expect it. Is it changing any of your thinking for ’22 in terms of the non-HDD business? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: No, I don’t think so, but the non-HDD business did grow, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. So we’re fairly happy with the breadth of our portfolio and how it’s growing. Relative to the Lyve business, the market is clearly out there. There are people who are struggling with the data that they have on the edge, being able to move that into the cloud, find those temporary resting spots like we’ve talked about a lot with Lyve such that they can move it to its final destination in some cloud service provider or multiple cloud service provider instances, so I’m really encouraged by all the customer engagements that we have. We have to learn this market really well and then it will grow, so I’m really pleased with what I see and I hope to share that at some point in the future with everyone.
Steven Fox: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, good morning guys, or good afternoon to you guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Dave, how would you describe your thoughts around the length of this hyper scale cycle at this point, and I guess what’s the personality of it as well? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Ananda. It’s interesting because I think the front end of this cycle, if you will, is not really about adding too much mass capacity. It was more about just all the digital transformation that was going on during the pandemic. So it was networking and it was compute and it was making sure the applications can run with much, much heavier workloads than they were certainly designed for or were contemplated six months earlier. It was a tremendous stress on people. It’s been our thesis that the storage back end to that will come and it will come bigger, and I would say that even the signal we’ve seen that’s fairly steady growth of the cloud. I still think it’s going to grow even bigger, so it’s a very different cycle to your point. It’s not a matter of putting on excess capacity and then learning some kind of way to use that capacity better out into the market. I think it’s a matter of making sure you focus all your investment dollars on those applications, satisfying everyone on the front end, usually from a performance perspective, and then the data will grow. And the back end of the cloud is clearly going to grow from here, and so we’re very excited about that and making sure we have our portfolio as clean as we can by the time that -- the really big numbers come.
Ananda Baruah: How do you want us to think about it as we get into the March-June quarters? Typically, the brakes would come off a little bit. Is that the appropriate way to think about it this time?
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’ve said that there would be a more muted seasonality than normal, right, because we’re not in the PC business or the legacy business anymore now that the cloud is a lot more steady. But we’ll let you know - I mean, if we start to see more recovery around the world, then the next cycle will be pulled in, exactly to your point, right?
Ananda Baruah: Got it, that’s helpful. And then just real quick on the capacity, you guys are saying supply-demand, and Gianluca, feel free to jump in here as well, supply-demand balance, but are you full capacity right now? What’s the right way in sort of traditional capacity vernacular to think about where you guys are, like in terms of full [indiscernible]?
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks - much more full than we were, but last year was painful in July, of course. But I would say no, we’re not full, and we can still do more. We can certainly still do more exabytes. I think the more we have to do, the more predictable we need it to be, and this last quarter we were actually challenged operationally to make a lot of these swaps, because we saw upsides in many markets and we were moving materials from one market to another.  Over the long haul, we could do more exabytes right now, but it’d have to be even more long-term predictability, I think, in order to achieve the exabytes. And we’re excited about it and we’re telling everyone that’s the way we’re thinking about it.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, last quarter we shipped a record of 152 exabytes, so we are still growing, so this means we have capacity, some capacity still available. Based on our guidance, you can expect another increase in exabytes in FQ1, and as we discussed before, we are still planning to add some CapEx, so some capacity through the year.
Dave Mosley: And as we ramp to 18s and 20s and things like that, we’ll get more exabytes out obviously than the existing head media footprint that we have, so.
Ananda Baruah: That’s helpful, that’s great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Dave Mosley: Mehdi, can you hear us?
Operator: Mehdi, your line is open.
Tyler: Hey, it’s Tyler on for Mehdi. Our question was answered, thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Tyler.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. Just around your discussions with your customers, are your long term agreements being expanded or are you adding more long term agreements? Maybe can you give us an idea of what visibility your customers are giving?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the discussion around how things are going to go six months and nine months out are continuing, and it’s really good--I think everybody wants a certain amount of predictability right now. We certainly do, because we’ve got factories to run, parts to bring online, and things like that, but a lot of supply chains are tight and so people want to make sure that if they’re going to invest in those supply chains, they’re going to have the full kit together, so I think the entire industry is behaving quite well for this perspective right now. It’s helping us quite a bit to plan our business, Kevin.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Maybe just as a comparison of hyper scale to enterprise, is enterprise coming back stronger, or maybe just relative to hyper scale, how is it performing?
Dave Mosley: You know, we debate that a lot, and I would say it’s 50/50 - it’s always been kind of a toss-up. Sometimes one races ahead of the other. Right now, as we said in the prepared remarks, there’s clearly still growth in the cloud and then as people are coming back on prem, they’re realizing the investments that they want to make that perhaps they hadn’t made six or nine months ago, so they’re continuing those investments. I would say there’s growth in both and it’s not enough to knock it off the 50/50 split right now.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on the quarter as well. I’m just curious, first of all, kind of a pointed question - do you still think that your Nearline capacity shift underpinning your fiscal ’22 expectations is still going to grow in that to 30% to 35% annual range?
Dave Mosley: Yes Aaron, we do. Just as I answered Kevin’s question, two years ago it was 80%, so 35% last year was a little less, but we think 35% is a good model right now. The wildcard on the upside, of course, is if we get a little bit more cloud six months, nine months from now, and we’ll wait and see. We’ve got capacity for it, but--and we actually are going to build the parts, I think, anyways for that. I think 35% is a good number to model this year. Ananda asked this question - if the next cycle was actually pulled in a little bit, then it would grow pretty fast because we have 18s and 20s coming. Those are [indiscernible].
Gianluca Romano: We had [indiscernible] debate on the next two quarters, so to now give you exactly the growth for the entire year would be difficult. But as a model for the long term, we think that 35% CAGR is still very valid.
Dave Mosley: And it’s all the same heads and media parts, I guess is the point, so we can be flexible.
Aaron Rakers: Right, right. Then the follow-up question is, Gianluca, when you talk about the model and we now talk about 30% to 33% gross margin and confidence around that, I’m curious as to how you’re thinking about operating expense investments. You talked about opex remaining at similar levels these next couple of quarters, but should we start thinking about that you’d let that drop through above that and drive an above-20% operating margin, or would you start to reinvest that and cap off margin at that long term high end of the target model?
Gianluca Romano: For the opex, we think the level of FQ4, we can maintain that level through the fiscal ’22. We are now [indiscernible] more, we are a little bit more [indiscernible] expenses. The performance is very good, so comparing to maybe prior year, we also have a little bit higher variable compensation. But this level, if we can keep it between $340 million, $345 million per quarter, I think we can do it. 
Dave Mosley: But if we were to outstrip, I think Aaron, the top end of the range, then we’d look at investments because we have a number of different markets that are growing well right now, so we’d look at what investments we have to make. I think we said this in the script, actually - we have a lot of flexibility inside of $340 million, $350 million, right, so that’s--you know, the first thing we would do is redeploy people inside of that, and we could still tolerate a little bit more investment if we grew north of the top end of the range.
Gianluca Romano: Operating margin is already 18% right now, so when you model increasing revenue and this level of opex and the gross margin, you were mentioning before, you will see a very good result in terms of operating margin.
Aaron Rakers: Right, thank you very much.
Dave Mosley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much, and congrats on the nice quarter. Dave, maybe first off, in terms of the ramp of your 18 terabyte drive, can you just give a little color of when you expect to see the crossover from 16 to 18, where you’re shipping more exabytes from the 18 terabyte ramp?
Dave Mosley: I don’t think we’ve formally looked at it that way, so I don’t have an answer. But I think it’s pretty soon, it’s in the next few quarters. From my perspective, it’s the same product family, so the heads and media are already in the pipeline and some customers are asking for 16s, some customers are asking for 18s, but I think it’s very soon. Then the same heads and media will take us to 20 terabytes on that PMR platform that we talked about, so we may actually spend some of those heads and disks on 20s as well. But I do think we’re going significantly far north of 16 very, very soon.
Patrick Ho: Great, that’s helpful. Maybe as a follow-up for you, Gianluca, or yourself, Dave, in terms of the Lyve platform, obviously we’ve seen now the rollout of several product iterations from that family. As it relates to opex, is a lot of that R&D spending done, or are you continuing to invest in Lyve where we’ll see future product introductions? Is that part of the, I guess, help in terms of maintaining opex at current levels?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, it’s part of the opex guidance we discussed before, and we are investing more in Lyve. We think this is a big part of our future business. We are very positive on the possible outcomes from that business, so we will invest; but as I said, we will stay around that level of opex that we discussed before.
Patrick Ho: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Shannon Cross of Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was just wondering, can you talk about the materiality of the dual actuator drives? It looks like you’ve expanded access to certain other customers recently, and I’m just wondering how we should think about it in terms of ASP and benefit as we look forward. Then I have a follow-up, thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shannon. It’s growing quite nicely, actually, growing volume in the factories. It’s not a small volume product anymore, it’s becoming a large volume product. We’ll be talking about it more and more over the quarters. It is a 14 terabyte drive right now, so if people are making trades for 18 terabytes, they may want to go to the single actuator, but it’s very specific to a few applications out in the cloud world that people need the dual actuator already. Remember, fundamentally we believe that by the time you get to 30 or 40 terabytes, you can’t have all that behind one actuator, you need to have dual actuator at least, and we have to solve all the power problems and all the interface problems with our customers and things like that, to make that happen. We’re quite excited about getting the learning on the technology. The fact that we have the platform continuing in development - you know, parallel drives that as we launch the new high capacity drive, we have the same capacity points on dual actuator.
Shannon Cross: Okay, thanks. Then just a clarification - I think during the script, you mentioned strength in high end desktops, and I’m not sure if that includes gaming but I’m wondering, are you seeing benefit from customers coming back to the office and needing to refresh desktops that perhaps are 18 months old now at this point in time? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I wouldn’t say it’s desktop PC anymore. There is gaming that’s happening, but I would say more it’s distribution channel around things like crypto applications and things like that. There are people who are looking just for the absolutely lowest cost per terabyte that they can find, and so that’s one of the reasons why the average drive capacity is mixing up. It’s going from two terabytes to four terabytes, last quarter we were over five terabytes, and I expect that trend will continue. It’s happening certainly in consumer channels and things like that.
Shannon Cross: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarification.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shannon.
Operator: At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Dave Mosley: Okay, thanks Tabitha. Seagate’s delivering strong performance, demonstrating financial results consistent with our long term targets, and executing our product and technology road map to capture long term secular growth opportunities for mass data infrastructure.  I’ll close by expressing my appreciation for our customers, suppliers, our employees and our shareholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks again for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gabriel, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, the conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our March quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We have not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our June quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today, which should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. I will now turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks you, Shanye. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Seagate delivered an outstanding March quarter, executing well across multiple dimensions. We grew revenue quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. We expanded non-GAAP operating margin into the recently increased target range, and we achieved non-GAAP EPS above the high end of our guidance range. We also continue to drive forward on our commitments of enhancing value for our shareholders, returning the combined $912 million during the March quarter through dividends and share repurchases. Fiscal year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 12% of our common shares outstanding, the statement that demonstrates our confidence in Seagate’s long-term business prospects. Gianluca will share more details on the financials shortly. For the remainder of my remarks, I’ll focus on the business trends that we see unfolding this year, and how Seagate is well-positioned from a product and technology perspective, to unlock more value for our customers. Strong cloud data center demand and ongoing recovery in the enterprise markets drove our highest ever HDD sentiments of 140 exabytes, a record mass capacity revenue of more than $1.6 billion. These trends underscore the strong secular demand dynamics we are seeing in the mass capacity markets, and support our outlook for the TAM to more than double by 2026 to roughly $26 billion. While customers are helping drive this market expansion by investing in scale and infrastructure to support the acceleration in digital transformation in businesses worldwide, as well as growing demand for AI and data analytics. Seagate’s high capacity nearline drives are a vital component of these infrastructure investments, and we believe that our strong technology roadmap and focus around delivering the best total customer experience is helping drive broad adoption by the global cloud ecosystem. These factors were the driving force behind a number of new strategic partnerships and agreements formed last quarter with several of the world’s leading cloud providers. These multiyear collaborations are focused on delivering innovative and reliable mass capacity storage at exabyte scale. In the enterprise markets, we are seeing a continuation of the recovery trends that we discussed last quarter, as businesses increased investments in traditional on-prem IT hardware. Recent CIO surveys highlight increased 2021 budget growth expectations to support their post-pandemic application and infrastructure needs. We realize strong double-digit sequential revenue growth for both our enterprise nearlines and mission-critical products in the March quarter, and currently anticipate healthy demand through the calendar year. The record demand that I cited in the nearline markets more than offset anticipated seasonal declines for video and image applications. We see VIA market demand improving in the June quarter and sustaining through the calendar year, as planned smart city projects are slated to begin in the coming months. Video analytics extends well beyond public safety. As I discussed at our recent analyst event, there is a growing list of edge applications that leverage video image sensors in areas such as retail, manufacturing and healthcare to drive valuable data insights. These applications support our longer-term exabyte and revenue growth projections. Seagate is well-positioned to benefit from these trends, as we continue to lead the VIA market at all nature capacity points driven by product aerial density competitiveness and strong customer engagement. Finally, looking quickly at the legacy markets, higher enterprise mission-critical sales and relatively stable desktop PC demand led to better-than-anticipated revenue in the March quarter, despite this period’s typical seasonal slowdown. With a broader industry shift to mass capacity storage forming the foundation of our future revenue growth outlook, we have built a strong technology roadmap, streamlined product portfolio, and are growing a pipeline of solutions and services that make us ideally suited to address big data demand now and well into the future. Average capacity per drive increased 17% sequentially to pass the 5 terabyte mark, a milestone that reflects the growth in mass capacity storage and demand for Seagate’s high capacity nearline drives. Today, Seagate is servicing the vast majority of market demand for 16-terabyte and higher capacity drives. We’ve started to aggressively ramp 18-terabyte volume, and current demand suggests strong sequential growth through at least the calendar year. We’re also rapidly gaining traction with our industry-leading MACH.2 dual actuator technology. MACH.2 has been proven to address TCO and performance requirements for certain applications with heavy data traffic, such as content streaming. We’ve recently begun the high volume ramp of MACH.2 drives with a leading hyperscale customer and plan to expand shipments to additional customers later in the calendar year. And that brings me to HAMR. We believe HAMR is the technology to achieve drive capacities of 30 terabytes and beyond. Today customers are testing 20-terabyte HAMR drives in their production environments, which offers valuable feedback that we are factoring into our product roadmaps. I would highlight that through our innovation capabilities and our common platform approach, we have the flexibility to offer multiple versions of 20-terabyte drives to meet customer needs, not only with HAMR technology. We are focused on delivering solutions to customers that meet their roadmaps and lower their TCO and do so in a way that also drives value for Seagate. To that end, we plan to begin shipping a few versions of 20-terabyte drives in the second half of the calendar year. This quarter, we introduced new key components of our Lyve edge to cloud platform. We launched Lyve Data Transfer, enabling data movement on demand between the edge and the cloud. Lyve Data Transfer works seamlessly with Lyve Cloud, an object-based storage-as-a-service solution delivered in collaboration with Equinix and strategically located at the metro edge. In a recent survey conducted by IDC, a majority of respondents considered it increasingly important to colocate data, adjacent to applications or cloud services. We are progressing our build-out plans and are on track to have four Lyve Cloud sites up by the end of the calendar year. We are getting an ecosystem support and have now been certified with each of the leading backup software vendors. We’re very excited about the future potential for Lyve products and services, which open a large and growing market opportunity for Seagate estimated to reach about $50 billion by 2025. However, I do want to reiterate that we are still in the early innings. We’re being deliberate in how we build out the platform and capabilities to position Seagate for long-term success. We are listening closely to customers to make sure we’re designing and evolving our services to best serve their needs, particularly as the distributed enterprise itself evolves in the growing data sphere. In the March quarter, we hit a milestone that took four decades to achieve. Seagate has now shipped a cumulative 3 zettabytes of HDD capacity, shipping over 3.3 billion disk drives. For perspective, at the 140-exabyte rate we shipped in the March quarter, we would ship our next 3 zettabytes in about five years. That is an amazing commentary on the exploding global data sphere we live in today. And I think Seagate’s in an outstanding position to drive great future value for our stakeholders. I’ll now hand the call over to Gianluca to cover details of our financial results.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate continued to execute exceptionally well as demonstrated by our strong March quarter performance. We delivered revenue $2.73 billion, up 4% sequentially and above our guidance midpoint. We achieved non-GAAP gross margin of 27.4%, up 60 basis points sequentially, and we expanded non-GAAP operating margin to 15.4%, in spite the recently increased long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue. Strong demand for our mass capacity products supported record hard disk drive capacity shipment of 140 exabytes, up 8% sequentially and 16% year-on-year. Nearly 80% of our total exabytes were shipped into the mass capacity markets, which include nearline, data and image application or DIA and NAS products. Mass capacity shipments increased to a record 111 exabytes in the March quarter, up 21% compared with March 2020, which was our prior shipment record. Based on our current outlook, exabyte shipment growth should continue through the calendar year, consistent with our long-term CAGR forecast of about 35%. Ongoing demand for our high capacity nearline drives led to record mass capacity revenue of $1.6 billion, up 8% sequentially and up 5% compared with the prior year period. Mass capacity represented about 65% of total HDD revenue. Nearline revenue increased sharply quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong recovery from enterprise and OEM customers, as well as healthy growth from cloud. Nearline shipments were 95 exabytes, up 34% sequentially and 25% year-on-year. Average capacity for nearline drives increased 12 terabytes, driven by the strength of our high capacity drives. 16 terabytes and higher capacity contributed approximately 50% of our total March quarter exabyte shipments. Demand trends in the VIA market are playing out much as we expected due to [ph] seasonality. Revenue declined sequentially in the March quarter from the record demand we saw in the December quarter. We are already seeing demand improve as some of the smart city projects that Dave mentioned take shape. We support our outlook for stronger VIA sales in the June quarter and into the second half of the calendar year. The legacy market made up 35% of March quarter HDD revenue. This market held up well in the seasonally slower period with revenue of $864 million, down 5% sequentially and 11% year-over-year. Improving demand for mission critical drives and stronger than anticipated demand for desktop PC partially offset anticipated decline in consumer drives. We shipped a total of 29 exabytes into the legacy market, down 9% on our sequential basis, offsetting [ph] the lower mix of consumer drives. Looking ahead to the next few quarters, we expect the pace of year-on-year revenue decline to moderate, support relatively stable demand for mission critical and consumer drives. Revenue from our non-HDD business increased 20% sequentially to $238 million or 9% of March quarter revenue. The strong growth was driven by our system business, as we began to ramp revenue from our customer wins in the December quarter. We expect growth momentum to continue in our non-HDD business in the June quarter. In the March quarter, non-GAAP gross profits increased to $749 million compared with $704 million in the December quarter and included $24 million of COVID-related cost. We are currently planning to incur similar level of COVID-related cost throughout this calendar year, mainly driven by higher freight charges. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin was 27.4%, including about 1% impact from these COVID-related costs. HDD margin expanded quarter-over-quarter driven by favorable mix, offsetting the sequential growth of our non-HDD business which carries lower gross margin profile. To-date, our mass capacity gross margin is already at the low-end of our target range of 30% to 33% that we outlined at our recent analyst event. We are on track for total Company gross margin to be at the low-end of our new long-term range by the end of fiscal ‘22, supported by the ongoing shift to mass capacity products, higher revenue contribution from cost optimized 2 terabyte disk drives, which make up less than 20% of revenue today, a gradual reduction in COVID-related cost and our continued focus on aligning supply with demand. Non-GAAP operating expenses came in at $329 million, up $10 million sequentially. The increase reflects higher variable compensation, associated with strong performance and increased R&D material expenses to support new product development. Comparing with the same quarter last year, OpEx was down $11 million, by supporting a slightly higher revenue level, demonstrating operational leverage and disciplined expense management. Looking ahead, we expect operating expenses to be a bit higher in the June quarter as we gradually resume normal on-site business activities and travel. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $420 million and non-GAAP operating margin was 15.4% of revenue, up 70 basis points sequentially and inside our recently increased long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue. Based on the diluted share count of approximately 237 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the March quarter was $1.48, up 15% sequentially and exceeded the high-end of our guided range. The $0.18 outperformance relative to our guidance midpoint was driven mainly by higher revenue and operational leverage, while our share repurchase activities enhanced EPS by $0.04. Capital expenditures were $104 million in the March quarter, which represented approximately 4% of revenue and in line with our expectation for CapEx to be inside our long-term range of between 4% and 6% of revenue for the fiscal year. We will continue to focus on capital discipline to better align supply with demand through platform simplification and manufacturing efficiency improvements. We had inventory relatively flat at $1.3 billion, consistent with our strong mass capacity product demand outlook. Given the broader market dynamics and well-publicized component shortages, we’re continuing to carry higher level of strategic inventory to protect against potential future supply chain risks as well as towards managed state logistics. We believe these actions enable us to support customer demand, and we continue to monitor current market conditions. Days inventory outstanding reduced by 3 days sequentially to 59 days. We generated $274 million of free cash flow in the March quarter compared $314 million in the December quarter and $260 million in the year ago period. In the March quarter, we used $161 million to fund the dividend and $751 million to retire 11.3 million ordinary share, exiting the quarter with 230 million shares outstanding. The investment in Seagate shares underscores our confidence in the long-term business strategy and future cash generation ability. As a reminder, during the quarter, the Board authorized an increase of $2 billion to our existing share repurchase authorization. As of the end of the quarter, we had a $4.4 billion remaining in our authorization, subject to availability of distributable reserves. As we communicated at our recent analyst event, we expect to return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders in fiscal 2022. We will do this while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 billion, and total liquidity was approximately $3 billion, including our revolving credit facility. These levels are more than adequate to support our operation and business mix. Looking ahead to our outlook for the June quarter. We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.85 million, plus or minus $150 million, supported by continued strength from cloud data center and enterprise customers along with increasing demand from VIA market. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be at the lower end of our new long-term target range of 15% to 20% of revenue. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.60, plus or minus $0.15, representing a sequential growth of 8% at midpoint. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance range, fiscal ‘21 revenue would be $10.5 billion, flat year-on-year and aligns to the goal we set at the start of the fiscal year. In closing, we continue to deliver on our financial commitment and remain on track to achieve the fiscal 2021 goals we have set, while also demonstrating a clear path to meet the long-term objectives outlined at our analyst event. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley : Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, we had a great quarter. Our growing mass capacity markets are showing strong demand and enterprise spending is in recovery. We’re executing on our technology and product roadmaps, and seeing positive customer engagement with our newest mass capacity offerings. We currently expect annual revenue growth of at least 10% in calendar year 2021, as the shift towards the less seasonal mass capacity markets supports a more stable revenue outlook through the year. We’re also making deliberate steps to build out our Lyve platform, particularly Lyve Cloud and are excited by the early reaction from customers. All of this wins confidence to our positive outlook for the Company. And that confidence is illustrated by our active return of capital to our shareholders. In recognition of Earth Day, it is fitting the highlight that we published our 15th global citizenship annual report this week. We are proud of our longstanding commitment to build sustainable supply chains and products to conserve the world’s precious resources. In the most recent reporting period, we increased water recycling by nearly 9% and recycled the equivalent of 1,100 Olympic sized swimming pools. We reduced our production energy consumption by about 19% on a per exabyte basis. And we are executing plans to reduce our carbon footprint by 20% by 2025 and 60% by 2040, in accordance with science-based targets. Consistent with our core value of integrity, we will continue striving to balance our business decisions around people, our planet, and profitability. Prior to closing, I’d like to thank our employees for their extraordinary efforts, as well as our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their ongoing trust and support in Seagate. With that, Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you and congrats on the strong results. Could you maybe help us think about gross margins in terms of utilization rates across components, and where you see the most room to improve? I appreciate the color you shared both around where you are with mass capacity, and when you’re getting to the low end of that long-term range. Maybe some -- some color around the main factors that can cause you to achieve that level a little faster, or maybe what would cause it to get first out would be helpful. And I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Hi Wamsi. I’ll let Gianluca go through a couple of details. But, I’ll just break it down real quickly. As we’re going through the transition to the common platform, we have the 16 to 18 terabytes and even beyond. We obviously control a lot of the internal concepts. We’ve said that we like the transitions for our ability to go control costs a little bit better, as well. So, that does help the margin. Probably the most important part relative to our manufacturing transactions is – transitions, is that obviously gross margins are still very impacted by logistics worldwide. And even if customers want products, immediately, we have to -- it’s pretty expensive to go get it. So, that’s the other headwind that we have right now. We do see that some of that abating over the next six months.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I would say, first of all, we are fairly satisfied with improvement in [indiscernible]. We improved by 60 basis points. It is a fairly big jump in just one quarter. We are expecting further improvement. As we discussed at the Analyst Day, we are near target of 30% to 33% in just few quarters from now. We communicated today that our mass capacity segment is already in that range, and that it is also of course very important for us because as you know, we have 65% of hard disk drive that is in that segment. We need to look at the mix, for example, the normal hard disk part of the business has grown fairly materially in the last quarter. As you know, that part of the business has a lower margin percentage. But, it is a very good contributor to our free cash flow. So, it’s very important part of our business. As for the future, as Dave said, one big element is COVID; the second big element is the continued transition to mass capacity. We expect a fairly strong quarter in June in the nearline part and a good recovery in surveillance. That is more seasonal than other parts of the mass capacity segment. So, it was down in March, and we expect to recover in June. And then, continuous alignment between supply and demand. And as you know, we are building our CapEx in order to of course increase capacity but increase in a way that is quarter-after-quarter aligned better to demand that is coming fairly strong. We guided gross -- gross margin but you can extrapolate the gross margin for fiscal Q4. It has a slight improvement sequentially. I would say, potentially we can do better than what we provide the guidance. And now, we need to go through the quarter, but I’m optimistic on…
Wamsi Mohan: No. That’s great. I appreciate the color. And if I could, it’s really interesting to see that the legacy exabytes have stabilized and you called out the higher mission-critical and desktop PC demand, holding that up. When you think about the sustainability of that, frankly, I mean, if you’re right on OEM, an on-prem demand increasing through the course of the year, and also desktop PC, potentially going through a replacement cycle with the folks moving back into the offices, and even a stronger PC cycle in the second half of this year. Would you say there is actually an opportunity for legacy exabytes to grow meaningfully in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Wamsi, I would say it’s possible. But as you said, strong demand in a lot of these segments, obviously, over the long haul, we expect continued erosion, but mostly the big erosion’s already happened, to your point. And so, a lot of the systems that are out there, certainly mission critical replacement rates and PC business still exists. I think, they’re much more stable. And to the extent that some of the recovery that happens after the pandemic, in certain places in the world, may actually drive needs for that kind of equipment. There may be a temporary run on that stuff is possible.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Katy Huberty: A couple of questions. I think, Dave, you’ve mentioned when you were talking about the mass capacity business and 18-terabyte that you expect sequential growth through at least this calendar year. Was that just for 18-terabyte or that was for mass capacity nearline and more broadly speaking?
Dave Mosley: Right. All of the above.
Katy Huberty: Okay. All of the above. And then, what were the drivers of material upside in the non-HDD business this quarter, and how should we think about the great growth rate of that segment for calendar ‘21?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think that there is some -- there is mass capacity in the systems business for example, which is largely boxes full of mass capacity drives. But, to the extent that there is incremental revenue from the boxes from the chassis themselves and controllers that we use and things like that, there is revenue in that. And there is high demand for that as well for mass capacity. And then, the consumer and the consumer SSD business doing quite well and strong demand. I think, our brand is moving a lot of product there as well. So, I think those are the big drivers there, and it’s a little bit seasonal to your point.
Gianluca Romano: And we discussed last time of Goodwin [ph] is an important customer. And now relative to vaccine, it will add also during the June quarter. So, we expect a good result also in the June quarter.
Katy Huberty: Okay. And then, just lastly, I think I asked you last quarter about supply demand dynamics and the potential for an improved pricing environment. There has been some more evidence that in some channels prices are increasing. Some of the hyperscalers are talking about having to pay a little bit more for drive. How would you characterize the pricing environment, both that you saw in the March quarter, but also what you expect over the next couple of quarters? 
Dave Mosley: I think, as you know, we have long cycle times. And so, therefore, we have long planning cycles with most of the big scale customers. And so, I think, the things on that front are fairly predictable. Everyone’s going through certain kinds of component shortages. I think that may actually -- it doesn’t really affect our supply, but it may actually affect the end demand, based on what everybody can get and sit together and things like that. So, I think it’s a relatively benign environment from that perspective. There are interesting trends that are going on out in the world about what people are doing with the mass capacity storage. I think there’s a lot of innovation vectors that are taking off, and especially as recovery happens. And these are things that we’re watching. And I think if you look through the distribution channels, you’ll see fairly strong demand for that as well. Again, it’s mass capacity demand. But some of the file sharing platforms that exist out there, IPFS is one that we’re watching it really carefully. It’s an interesting dynamic with a lot of kind of vibrancy. The guys just love to see a lot of creative professionals just coming up with new types of applications and these are driving demand as well. So, I think, that’s probably something you see if you look at those channels in particular.
Katy Huberty: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I believe -- and I want to make sure I didn’t hear it incorrectly. But, Dave, at the end of your prepared remarks, you commented that you expect to see at least 10% year-over-year growth in calendar 2021. Can you just help us understand or appreciate how that has changed? First of all, is that correct? And secondly, how has your outlook kind of changed? What’s been the drivers of that change over the course of the last three months or so?
Dave Mosley: So, obviously, looking back at 2020, there was supply and demand disruption. So first, when the supply was disrupted, people were shutting down factories, there was a lot of pulling of demand. And then, the demand realities in about July timeframe came to restrain. So that -- so we lived through that in 2020. I think 2021, there is still some kind of supply concerns that people have about components everywhere. And so, there are people pulling things in. From my perspective, mass capacity is relatively insulated from some of that, and we have pretty predictable relationships exactly to Katy’s question. So, we look at this year is not having as profound an impact as we did in 2020. And that’s where we get the 10% capacity. And it’s more of mass capacity, some of the VIA markets and things like that will be contributing as well, as largely the cloud and enterprise on-prem coming back.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. We said two things, at-least 10% and we also said that we expect revenue to be maybe more stable throughout the quarter. So, we don’t expect relative seasonality. And I think that is important when you model your quarters off.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. That’s helpful. And then, just as a real quick follow-up for second question. On gross margin trajectory, you’ve now got, I think 65% of your revenue coming from mass capacity. You had talked about that business now running at the low end of that 30% to 33%, guidance, long-term target model. How do you think about that longer term? Do you think actually that mass capacity gross margin can trend up at the high or even above the high end of that long-term model range that you’ve outlined?
Dave Mosley: Simply put, yes. So, I think we have to get our -- all of our manufacturing capacity pointed in the right direction there. And as legacy comes down and helps us, and then there’s other opportunities as well, like platform commonality and things like that. We’ve kind of said that 16-terabyte was getting a little long in the tooth. That’s why we want to accelerate the 18 terabytes and then 20 terabytes. And in each one of those points, you get a chance to refresh, and maybe take some cost out as well. But, based on what new designs are in the factory -- and we get the leverage of the platform too. So, I hope that helps you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Karl Ackerman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Good afternoon. I guess, Dave, you’ve referenced this in an earlier question. In recent days, there have been reports of some significant price hikes in the retail aftermarket as hard drives are being used for new applications, like crypto mining. While you have less control over the retail market from a pricing perspective, I was hoping you could discuss how demand in the channel maybe impacting your factory utilization and lead times across your customer base?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say that we always budget enough capacity for the channel. I mean, channels -- the customers in the channels are varied and important to us. And so, we always budget enough capacity to make sure that we’re sourcing the channels well. We do see the uptick in demand that you’re referring to. Like we said, we’re watching the different trends that are causing it. Some are really interesting vibrant trends. And we love that. What I would say is that it’s a little early in this to know how prolonged it is, how prolonged that will be. So, I think we’re even early in this quarter. So, it’s really hard to know exactly what the distribution channel reaction is going to be. I also think that getting people things immediately is a problem in the world today, because it’s affecting, to your question about the manufacturing capacity that we have. Even if we even if it came out of the back of our factory, getting it around the world to that channel location might be a problem, right? So, I think, we’ll have to look at all these dynamics, look at the lag or lead times, if you will on how that demand’s developing and figure out how we service it.
Karl Ackerman: If I may, along the topic of crypto currency, I could be wrong. But, I believe you still maintain your stake in Ripple, it has over the last few years. And that’s appreciated 5x since you last reported. So, I guess, A, do you still maintain a stake there? And then secondarily, are there ways to monetize that stake today? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We won’t talk about the latter part. But yes, we do maintain a stake. These are, like I said, vibrant segments that we’ve been watching for quite some time. We have a fair amount of people that are -- because it’s all about data flow, and in the case of the recent trends, a lot of it’s about data storage in particular. So, these are things that we watch and determine how we make investments, not only in external investments that we might make, but also internally and what kind of technologies we’re developing. So, we’re maintaining a stake.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas O’Malley of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Thomas O’Malley: Hey, guys. Nice results and thanks for taking my question. Mine is really related to the VIA market. On the last earnings call, I think, Dave, you described environment that was like down mid-teens in terms of revenue. And at least with exabytes, which you guys break out, you saw it down like in the 40% range. So, do you see some of that snap back more violently in the June quarter, given how hard it fell off in March? And just, could you walk through -- what are the reasons why you saw it down so hard in March, and why should it come back in June?
Dave Mosley: Yes. This is typically -- I’ll let Gianluca answer part of this as well. But, this is typically a seasonal market and it’s tied to I’ll say government spending and build out. Now, obviously, a lot of that has been disrupted in various places in the world right now. And then, I think if you go back four quarters ago, the edge markets were generally really depressed, because I think my comment at the time was nobody’s on-prem anyway. So, people just aren’t making on-prem. So, I think there has been a high degree of cyclicality this year to the point. I think, what we’re seeing right now is, not only replenishment of supply chains that were disturbed but also -- and early in the year, investment cycle in smart city applications. And some of that maybe, because of healthcare data or maybe because of buildings reopening, and they hadn’t been making investments for a while, but it seems to be relatively earlier and maybe a seasonal right now.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Inside the mass capacity segment, VIA is probably the only one that is seasonal. So, it was not expected. We knew that into the March quarter, we were going to have a decline. As I said before, June quarter will have to be a much stronger quarter for the year and we continue to increase in the September and December. And December is a stronger quarter for the year.
Dave Mosley: And sorry, one other point too. Our central thesis is that the data at the extreme edge is not being properly utilized. As a matter of fact, a lot of times this gets deleted. And, we think there are people who are starting to answer questions about how do I store that for a little bit longer and then process the data with AI and make value-based decisions on the data. Maybe not necessarily in the next minute but it maybe a day later or a week later. And so, as that happens, we expect some of this seasonality to be more muted over time.
Thomas O’Malley: Great. That’s helpful. And then, my follow-up was really around nearline. Obviously, you guys don’t really talk about share, but let’s just look at exabytes. If you look at kind of what the markets was forecasting for March, I mean, you have 50 plus percent share of that market. A better way to ask it other than share is, could you talk about the dialogues that you’re having with customers with nearline drives? What kind of success are you seeing over the next couple of quarters? And what kind of led you to the position where you are right now, where you’re maintaining this higher percentage of share? You can answer that however you want. But, I just wanted to dive in there.
Dave Mosley: Yes. That’s great. I mean, I don’t really think about it as share, because to your point, we go out to the customers. We have -- since the lead times on the products are so long, we have good dialogues about not what you need in six weeks, but what do you need in six months? And I think that’s working quite well. Our customers appreciate that. We still have flexibility for them. But, we’re kind of co-planning in that respect. And I think that’s served us very well on both of them. So, the bouncing ball on share, if you will. I don’t have a great visibility into how that’s going to change. I just know what our demand is. That’s why I said. I do think there’s a little element in the last few quarters of -- at the end of quarters sometimes Seagate gets pulled a little harder than we thought, and there may be a competitive dynamic, or it may just be the customers were holding a little bit in their back pocket. But in general it’s become a way more stable environment than it used to be. And we’re not building things speculatively either -- ramp, we’ve been -- we are ready for that drive mid last summer. The customers weren’t really ready too, again growing up a very predictable ramp for that and keeping our factories full, the 16, while that was happening and having good dialogue too. So, I think, that’s just serving us well. We’re not in the era of building --having a hunch, building a bunch and then speculatively trying to move at the last minute anymore. 
Operator: Next question will come from Ananda Baruah of Loop. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Hey. Thanks guys for taking the question. I appreciate it. Congrats on solid results and good execution. Just two quick ones if I could. Those are kind of clarifications. Dave, sort of going back to pricing, you said that things are fairly benign. I guess, does that mean that they’re -- really just trying to understand if there are things, if there’s an opportunity for pricing to improve as we go through the year, relative to maybe what you thought 90 days ago. And I just wanted to get your thoughts there and see if I lost anything in the translation. And then, I have a quick follow-up. It’s really on -- nearline pricing specifically. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say, relative to 90 days ago, I mean, again, we’ve been fairly predictable in giving our customers what they need. And to the extent that that’s locked in with our manufacturer capacity, not much has changed on that front. I do think across the broader world, procurement people tend to be more concerned about supply. So, some of the discussions are being even more mature than we had thought 90 days ago. That’s the way I think about it. And we made reference to this in the prepared remarks about some of the long-term agreements that we’ve been able to establish in the last quarter.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. And to LTAs, I mean, is it useful for us to think about their use in an increasingly structural sense kind of our 2012, which was an extreme case. But it was sort of material financial impact. Is it useful at all to think about it and instruct your sense like that or is this more on the margin?
Dave Mosley: I think, that was much more profound back then. From my perspective, supply and demand is a lot more imbalanced than back in those days. As a matter of fact, supply disrupted last year and demand was disrupted as well, that we’re still feeling the reverb, and it’s very different than the 2012 environment. I would say that the biggest difference is the lead times on the products. I mean, the wafer starts that we’re doing right now, realistically are hitting -- for the mass capacity driver, hitting the back end of our testers probably around Christmas. And if you think about that that’s driving really good, healthy discussions with what people exactly need and what kind of flexibility they need.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. That’s helpful context. I appreciate. That’s it from me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini of SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Two follow-ups. I believe that you guided to nearline exabyte growth of 35%. Is that correct? Did I hear that right?
Dave Mosley: That’s right, Mehdi. That’s right. That’s what we’ve been saying, 35%. It’s been a little bit stronger from that for the last couple of years for us. But that’s we think the long-term growth rate is, 35% to 40%. 
Mehdi Hosseini: And it seems to me maybe you’re a little bit more on the conservative side. And I said that because if I just take the next sort of assumption for the June quarter, that would imply the acceleration into the back half of the year -- in the second half of the calendar year to get to that 35%?
Dave Mosley: I think we do think that mass capacity is to going to continue to grow. I think we’ve talked about this a little bit. Cloud service providers around the world have to make tough decisions on exactly how they’re making investments. And so, not all of those investments are necessarily mass capacity related. We do expect, they continue to grow in that capacity into the back of the year, and that’s when Gianluca made the comment earlier about a seasonality that’s what he was talking about.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think, that’s an important. We see strong cloud and enterprise OEM, but we also need to consider a sequential improvement in surveillance and the VIA market in general that is increasing in volume and in revenue through the calendar year.
Mehdi Hosseini: And just to be clear, you’re referencing year-over-year growth or sequential growth?
Gianluca Romano: Well, in the remarks, we said 10% year-over-year. Of course, the surveillance comment is sequential. If you’re looking at the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half or you’re just comparing year-over-year.
Mehdi Hosseini: And just really quickly as a follow-up to your 20-terabyte commentary that you are going to have several different products. And especially in the context of lower CapEx, is this going to basically enable you to extend your market share from 18 to 20? Especially, it seems to me that HAMR may have been pushed out. So, now you have alternative technology. Is that how we should think about it?
Dave Mosley: I don’t really think about as market share, I think more about what customers want, what technology portfolio that we have, and how we might service it. And I guess, it’s important to remember that the cloud, if you will, is -- mass capacity is not one size fits all. There are many different types of firmware load-outs, applications that are -- that require different performance levels that can tolerate different performance loads. Some are colder storage and some are very much nearline, right. So, those are very active 20%. So, there are going to be multiple flavors of the technology. It’s the same common platform. And I think -- from my perspective, I think we’re locked in pretty tight with customers. So, that’s why we’ve got confidence. And I think multiple flavors. That doesn’t mean one or two.
Operator: And your next question comes from Patrick Ho of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Ho: Maybe Dave, first off, it’s good to hear some of the commentary about your 18 terabytes growing through the rest of this year. Can you just give a little qualitative color, whether you’re getting that 18 terabytes demand from co-existing customers or low capacity points or are they from potential new customers that haven’t used Seagate over the last few capacity points?
Dave Mosley: No. Maybe the way I would characterize it is there are some customers that were using 16 in translation, but there are also other customers that were not transitioning from previous 12s or 14s or wherever they were before. And I think we have fairly broad representation. I do think the markets are generally moving up from, like I said back, if I came back to the 6 or 8 terabyte days, people would be stuck on some of those lower capacity points, much longer. In general, people who are doing data center build outs around the world are using that mass capacity, leading edge, drive much more aggressively. So, from my perspective, 18 terabyte is very broad adoption. And I’ve already said, we like the platform quite a bit because we’re continuing to get cost leverage out of it.
Patrick Ho: Great. And maybe as my follow-up question for Gianluca. You gave really good color in terms of the gross margin leverage, and what’s driving that. Can you give a little color also on the OpEx leverage? What’s driving that? Are you adding more with the increasing demand, and where some of the moving pieces there?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So, OpEx year-on-year was about $10 million lower. Sequentially, it was a bit higher. The increase sequentially was basically due to variable compensation and a little bit higher in R&D material spending. We said a couple of quarters ago that we have set our normal trend to be around $340 million per quarter. So, we are very well aligned to the expectations, and we think that probably will have a lot of revenues the next couple of quarters.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Shannon Cross of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. Earlier, you talked about challenges of shipping into the retail channel. But, I’m wondering if you could speak to how the current supply channel issues are impacting other segments of your business and how you sort of incorporated them into the model. And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Again -- sorry Shannon. So, not so much on the supply part for us. Although, I think everybody’s watching the same kinds of long-term supply issues. But, short-term, we hear from customers that they’re having problems getting the final kit. And so, usually what that does to us as it makes -- maybe that they’re already hit that revenue or secured that customer win for them. They may need it differently. And so, we’re having to be very flexible.
Shannon Cross: Do you see it basically just pushing out demand out right as opposed to take it into your way from a long-term perspective?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think exactly to your point, I mean, I think the demand is there. It’s just that how exactly quickly it can be served. And then, obviously, some customers, they get service, somebody else won’t. So, there is a lot of those dynamics we have.
Shannon Cross: Right. And then, my second question, and I realize it’s new. But, you mentioned you’ve had some positive feedback on Lyve cloud. I was wondering, which segments are seeing the most interest, and maybe if you can give a little more color on what you’re hearing from the customers. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Sure. I think if you think about Lyve Cloud as almost like an external storage or an external hard drive in the cloud, to the comments you made about retail. It’s very simple. There is no ingress or egress fees. There’s - it’s a scratch pad. That’s the way I think about it, and you could use it temporarily. You use it permanently if you want. I think, there are customers who are very -- or always aggregating data out certain locations to want to temporary landing spot before they find out exactly where they’re going to put their data long-term. And so, these are the kinds of customers that are giving us a lot of interesting feedbacks for continued development of the thing, and we’re not -- this is people tens of terabytes or even bigger.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: I have two. The first question is, as Dave you talk about the 10% -- at least 10% revenue growth for calendar ‘21. If my math is right, that would imply the average revenue for calendar Q3, and calendar Q4 will be consistent on maybe slightly below calendar Q2. I would have thought the numbers could go to the keep going up on a sequential basis based on all the recoveries you’re seeing. I know you guys have at least 10%, but are there some things that we should consider here?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Of course, we don’t guide the individual quarter. I think, it’s fairly easy to -- for you to calculate that, at least 10% we are going to pay. How much more than 10%, which has at least 10% for the calendar year. And then, we will discuss that following quarter -- we have said driving to be very strong in the calendar year. So, I guess please wait for two more months and get more details on -- quarters. 
Dave Mosley: But Sidney, I would say that what we are trying to say is that I think things are relatively full and we expect -- a muted seasonality, if you will, as we look forward. That’s definitely true.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That’s helpful. My follow-up question is -- relates to the 20 terabytes drives. I know you started shipping the HAMR drives back in November. And you’ve seen the thing that the TMR extendable to at least the 20 terabytes. Can you talked about having multiple products at that capacity from -- second half. I would think qualified multiple products at the same capacity point would increase the cost of your customers. Does it not make sense to say as a certain capacity point, you only offer one type of technology or are there other things that we should think about that may never get done?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s interesting. There are different types of customers who want different performance levels. I think I made reference to that earlier. But to the extent that we already know that medium term, this platform family really well. We don’t have to turn that to medium. That’s one option, another option, SMR, like we talked about. So there’s lots of different bases that provide those customer solutions. Is it more complex for us? Yes. But we have this kind of platform. And so that common platforms can go multiple different directions and we feel very confident in that. And we’re not really worried about qualifications or anything like that.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one final question from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Two kind of clarifications. First of all, on the video side, in terms of the recovery, I’m not sure actually I understood that it’s mainly surveillance still or were you, Dave, trying to imply that you’re also seeing some of these other edge use cases really take off, or if not now, can you maybe talk about when? And then, secondly, as you buy ahead on components, I understand building the safety stock. But given how the supply chain is changing, do you see that sort of delta increasing, decreasing, staying the same versus your actual needs? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I’ll take the latter question first. We do -- we have long lead times for our components internally, we got the factories every day, 91 days a quarter. So, to the extent that we know exactly what we want for this common platform and for all the other products that we’re building, I think we do make sure that we have enough stock for whatever contingencies we have. From my perspective on the smart city applications that we’re saying, they are very -- it’s not just, this is not just surveillance market anymore. So, we see there are many different types of edge use cases that are starting to develop. And even some of the building security types of applications are -- they have a lot more features that are being demanded of them now. So, they’re not just the same kind of security we’re all used to. There’s other kinds of features being put in. And so, therefore, if you’re buying a solution for a facility or calculating a facility, one of those features, I think that’s actually driving demand for higher capacities for us as well, so. And then, sorry Steven, what we said earlier was last year was so disruptive from supply-demand perspective on this front, people were investing in the edge. But, I think that’s why we’re seeing this kind of pull in the market this year, relatively.
Operator: That’s all the time we have. I’ll now turn the call back over to the presenters for some closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Gabriel. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Seagate continues to execute well and remains excited about the tremendous opportunities we foresee ahead, both in the near-term and longer term, driven by massive growth of data. I’d like to once again thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and importantly our employees for their ongoing support of Seagate.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-01-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is David, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We have not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our March quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today, should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. And with that, I will now turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Seagate exited calendar year 2020 on a very strong note, delivering December quarter performance that exceeded our objectives. Compared to the prior quarter, we grew revenue 13%, expanded non-GAAP operating profits 31% and significantly increased the free cash flow to $314 million. We began executing our recently increased share repurchase authorization and retired over 18 million shares of Seagate stock, or approximately 7% of the shares outstanding beginning of the quarter. Through the combination of share repurchases and our quarterly dividend, we returned a total of $1.2 billion in the quarter. Despite the challenges of a global pandemic, Seagate grew annual revenue 2% in calendar year 2020, achieving revenue growth inside of our long-term financial target range. At the halfway point of fiscal 2021, our performance puts us well on our way to achieving our objective to deliver relatively flat revenue for the year. In the remainder of my comments today, I will provide an update on end market trends, share the progress we’ve made on our technology and product roadmaps, and offer some insight into how these advancements position Seagate with a strong secular mass data growth transit. Against the backdrop of the pandemic, 2020 was headlined by diverging end market trends. Strong cloud investments to support our remote economy and digital transformation were countered by significant disruptions to enterprise IT spending. However, during the December quarter, the enterprise markets began to recover for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. The improvement was most pronounced amongst large enterprise OEM customers, which led to strong sequential revenue growth for both nearline and mission-critical drives. We anticipate this positive trajectory to continue, which is consistent with analysts’ expectations for on-prem IT hardware investments to pick up in calendar year 2021. Cloud data center demand remains healthy, with the overall data demand drivers and tech. Analysts projected strong double-digit growth in cloud CapEx in 2021, which bodes well for Seagate and aligns with our expectation for cloud HDD storage demand to increase through the balance of the fiscal year and drive significant growth long-term. For a second consecutive quarter, we experienced stronger than expected growth in video and image applications or VIA markets, due in part to pent-up demand following the significant impacts incurred in these markets during the economic shutdowns early in the pandemic. Video and image applications are a key growth market within mass capacity storage. As the number of devices generating data explodes at the edge, mass capacity HDDs are vital to preserving and putting that data to work. For example, the rollout of 5G and rise of edge computing supports further growth in smart and safe city initiatives, as well as smart factory opportunities. Gartner projects, the number of 5G enabled outdoor video cameras to exceed 15 million by 2023, a six-fold increase from current levels. That will translate to as much as 1 exabyte of data generated each day and that’s to fill about 2 million security surveillance drives every week. Proliferation of video and image sensors and other IoT devices is expected to be a major driver of data creation at the edge in the coming years and will play a key role in the growth and evolution of the mass data storage industry. Finally, strong seasonal demand for our desktop PC and consumer drives contributed to double-digit sequential revenue growth in our legacy business during the December quarter. Overall, we expect demand for mass capacity storage to improve across the cloud and enterprise markets in the March quarter, more than offsetting an expected decline in the VIA markets and the typical seasonal slowdown in the consumer space. With the broader market environment continuing to firm, Seagate is executing well on its technology roadmap and hitting our committed milestones, highlighted by the shipments of our first 20 terabyte HAMR drive in late November. With HAMR, we could drive areal density compound growth rates of 20% or higher to support the scale of our customers’ infrastructure investments and enabling Seagate to maintain a significant economic advantage for mass capacity applications relative to enterprise SSDs, that is expected to persist over the foreseeable future. Seagate’s first to market dual actuator technology is gaining interest among a broader customer base, who require mass capacity storage with higher performance for certain applications, such as content delivery. We are increasing shipments of dual actuator drives today and expect to see higher volumes as drive capacities increase. We are also continuing to strengthen our PMR product roadmap anchored by our industry leading 16-terabyte drives based on our common scalable platform. We broadened the adoption of 16-terabyte drives in the December quarter, gaining new cloud customers globally. We have started to increase the pace of the 18-terabyte product ramp, which will continue through the calendar year consistent with the strong progress of our qualifications and customer readiness timing. As product capacities increase, the qualification process often takes longer and adds complexity. Our common platform approach is helping customers simplify the qual process. In fact, a number of leading cloud customers commented that the qualification of 80 terabytes has been the smoothest ever. Additionally, we expect to continue to leverage the quality and scalability of this platform, which is extendable through 20-terabyte on PMR technology. The strength of this platform offers Seagate the flexibility to meet customers’ timing and mass storage needs. For Seagate, the common platform strategy drives manufacturing efficiencies that allow us to ramp new technologies and production more quickly, and then use our systems business to accelerate the pace of learning and market adoption. We are maintaining solid momentum in our systems, securing multiple customer wins in the December quarter, including our biggest systems deal ever, a multi-quarter deal representing close to 8-exabytes of scalable storage. Overall, with our leadership in HDD technology and execution on our product roadmap, Seagate is in excellent position to capture the $24 billion mass capacity storage opportunity we forecast for 2025, which is driven by the burgeoning demand for data. However to capture value from the avalanche of data being created, CIOs must overcome cost, scale and complexity challenges associated with moving, analyzing and storing more data across the distributed enterprise. As a result, economics are forcing enterprises to keep proportionately less of the data that’s being created, which threatens business performance and competitive advantage. This dynamic is at the foundation of Seagate’s innovation agenda. We are enabling CIOs to address the key challenges of cost, scale and complexity to preserve and put the word more of the valuable data they are already creating. Our Lyve Storage Platform offers a simple, cost-efficient and secure way to manage massive volumes of data across the distributed enterprise. Lyve Mobile enables mass data transfer between endpoints, edge and core, and Lyve Rack powered by CORTX open-source objective software provides enterprises with the lowest cost per petabyte. CORTX software is the foundation the Lyve Storage Platform has maintained by a growing community of data scientists and enterprise storage experts, many of whom participated in our first ever and highly successful Hackathon event held last month at Lyve Labs Israel. We have a growing customer interest for the Lyve portfolio and continue to receive positive feedback on our existing engagements that span multiple verticals, including media and entertainment, and autonomous vehicle technologies. Driving platform level innovation and addressing the growing challenges faced by the distributed enterprise is a mandate that will help define our long-term growth strategy. We plan to share more details on the Lyve Storage Platform and the rest of our unfolding strategy on February 24th, when we will be hosting a Virtual Analyst and Investor event. I look forward to having you join us. With that, I will now turn it over to Gianluca to walk through the December quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, David. Seagate continue to execute well and adapt to the rapidly changing business environment as shown by our strong December quarter performance, which was supported by the anticipated recovery in the enterprise market, record revenue for video and image application and seasonal demand for our consumer in desktop PC product. We achieved revenue of $2.62 billion, up 13% sequentially and above our guidance midpoint, non- GAAP EPS of $1.29, up 39% sequentially, exceeding the high end of our guidance range, and free cash flow of $314 million, up nearly 70% sequentially, reflecting our ongoing focus on operational efficiency. Additionally, we repurchased 18.2 million shares of Seagate stock. Our decision to invest in our shares in the current environment underscores our confidence in the long-term business outlook and future cash generation abilities. In the December quarter, we shipped a record of 129 exabytes of hard disk drives capacity, up 13% sequentially and 21% year-on-year. Roughly three quarters of our total exabytes were shipped into the mass capacity market, which include nearline, VIA and mass products. Mass capacity shipments increase to a record 97 exabytes in the December quarter. We shipped a total of 365 exabytes in the calendar year 2020, up 59% year-over-year, which is well ahead of the long-term CAGR forecast of about 35% for this market segment. Our current outlook for the March quarter support continuing exabyte shipment growth setting in terms at for calendar year 2021. On a revenue basis, HDD accounted for 92% of total December quarter revenue and mass capacity storage representing 62% of HDD revenue. Revenue from mass capacity storage was $1.5 billion, up 12% sequentially and 15% year-over-year. Nearline revenue increased sequentially, driven by stronger than expected demand from enterprise and OEM customers. Nearline shipments were 71 exabytes, up 11% sequentially and 45% year-on-year, reflecting ongoing demand for our 16 terabytes high capacity drives, as well as increased demand for mid-capacity nearline product as the enterprise market recovers. This dynamic resulted in every capacity per nearline drives staying relatively flat at 11.4 terabyte. We are continuing to expand the adoption for 16 terabyte size and expect 16 terabytes to remain the company’s highest revenue product over the next couple of quarters. We also continue to increase shipments of our 18-terabyte drives and make positive progress on qualification plans at multiple cloud customers with volume ramp aligned with their timing. In the VIA market, revenue was above our expectation for the second consecutive quarter as pent up demand from the COVID related cost in the first half of the calendar year led to strong recovery in September quarter and record revenue in the December quarter. Following this period of strong demand, we anticipate the March quarter sales to be sequentially lower and below typical seasonal trend. The legacy market represented 38% of December quarter HDD revenue, compared to 37% in the prior quarter and down from 47% in the year ago period. Revenue and exabyte shipment both increased 15%, sequentially, resulting in a total of 32 exabyte shipped into the legacy market. The growth was driven by a seasonal uptick for consumer drives and desktop PCs and improving demand for mission critical drives consistent with the recovery in the enterprise market, which also impacts demand for our mission critical drives. We currently expect ongoing enterprise market recovery to moderate the seasonal decline we typically see in the March quarter. Our non-HDD business made up 8% of December quarter revenue, relatively flat on a percentage basis with a prior quarter. As chosen partner for Microsoft Xbox expansion plan, Seagate benefits from strong holiday demand, which supported both double-digit growth for our SSD product and a sequential improvement in non-HDD revenue. Within our system business, we saw early signs of recovery at large OEM customers, which along with customer wins, Dave mentioned earlier, should benefit our system business in calendar 2021. In the December quarter, non-GAAP gross profit increased to $704 million, compared with $614 million in the September quarter. COVID-related cost increased slightly to $28 million, primarily due to elevated shipping costs. We are currently planning to incur similar levels in the March quarter, as we balanced customer demand timing with increasing higher freight cost and opportunities to derive lower cost, which sounds great. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin was 26.8%, including about 110-basis-point impact from this COVID-related cost, as the margin expanded slightly quarter-over-quarter, offset by a less favorable non-SDD product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses came in at $319 million, down $31 million from the same period of last year, reflecting ongoing benefit from working from home and overall operational efficiency. Looking ahead, we expect operating expenses to be a bit higher in the March quarter. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $385 million and non-GAAP operating margin was 14.7% of revenue, up 200 basis points sequentially and in the upper half of our long-term target range of 13% to 16%, despite the COVID headwind, I mentioned earlier. Based on diluted share account of approximately 251 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the December quarter was $1.29, the $0.19 outperformance relative to our guidance midpoint was driven mainly by higher revenue and operational leverage, while our share repurchase activity enhanced EPS by $0.05. Capital expenditures were at $159 million in the December quarter, which represented approximately 6% of revenue. We expect CapEx to represent between 4% and 5% of revenue for the fiscal year, which is below our prior target of 6% to 8% of revenue. We believe this CapEx level will align supply with demand when considering the existing installed base capacity and continued demand growth for mass capacity storage. Days inventory outstanding reduced by eight days sequentially. Inventory value was relatively flat at $1.3 billion in anticipation of continuous strong mass capacity storage demand in the near-term, as well as the need to carry higher level of strategic inventory to better manage freight logistics and protect against potential future supply chain risk. We expect inventory level to gradually decline as freight cost return to more normalized level and we consume this critical component. We generated $314 million of free cash flow in the December quarter, up from $186 million in the September quarter and up 10% year-on-year, supported by our focus on operational efficiency and improvement in demand trend and a strong linearity. In the December quarter, we use $167 million to fund our dividend and utilized $1 billion to retire approximately 18 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 240 million shares outstanding. We will continue to opportunistically retire Seagate stock and return capital to our shareholders. Additionally, we raised a total of $1 billion in capital, issuing two tranches of debt at a lowest average interest rate of any of our bond. Including the new notes, gross debt was $5.1 billion and the net debt was $3.3 billion. We expect the interest expense for March quarter to be approximately $59 million, including $9.5 million on the two new tranches. Cash and cash equivalents remained relatively stable at $1.8 billion. As the new calendar year begins, we expect strong cloud data center demand and continue enterprise recovery in the March quarter to more than offset the seasonal decline in some of our other end markets. While we are still facing headwinds from COVID-related cost, we expect this will gradually decrease over the next few quarters. Taking all these factors into account, our outlook for the March quarter is as follows, revenue is expected to be $2.65 billion plus or minus $200 million, non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the mid of our target range of 13% to 16% of revenue and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.30 plus or minus $0.15. In closing, Seagate is executing well across multiple levels, delivering on our financial commitments, demonstrating the agility of our business model to address customer demand and maintaining our commitment to return cash to our shareholders. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. 2020 was a very challenging year and we have and continued to face hardships. We are encouraged by progress with vaccines and signs of recovery. Through the efforts of our extended team, Seagate exited the year firing on all cylinders and we are well-positioned to capture mass data growth opportunities in calendar 2021 and beyond. We are executing our technology innovation roadmap to continue delivering the lowest cost mass data storage. We are strengthening our mass data infrastructure portfolio by building on the positive momentum of our scalable common platform family of 16-terabyte and 18-terabyte drives and we are gaining interest for our Lyve Storage Platform, which expands Seagate market opportunities paving the way for future growth. Our success is founded on the dedication of our employees and the ongoing support from our suppliers, customers and shareholders. Employees remain the lifeblood of our company and we are focused on maintaining and strengthening our culture to provide an open, safe and respectful workplace, and ensure all employees are able to thrive. Earlier this month, Seagate released its latest diversity, equity and inclusion report. I am proud to see a strong track record and reputation for promoting inclusion both within and outside the walls of the company and recognizing diversity is a key to our ongoing success. We are equally focused on contributing to our customer success, which we believe will lead to higher revenue for Seagate and greater value for our shareholders. We collect data quarterly to measure overall satisfaction across the breadth of our customer base. The December quarter indicators were among our highest ever, which reflects the care we take in providing high quality reliable products for all of our customers. In summary, I am excited about Seagate’s growth opportunities, ability to generate cash and enhance shareholder value over the long-term. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Dave, I have got a question for you to start. With on-prem still recovering, are you able to achieve 35% exabyte growth for your nearline business in fiscal 2021? I ask because I think you indicated in your prepared remarks that while customers are still suggesting 18 terabyte offers a very attractive upgrade past, maybe adoption timing is a bit elongated? And then second, I think, you noted that your 20 terabyte drive could facilitate exabyte growth of, I think, 20% or more a year. So if you could you just touch on your longer-term exabyte growth expectations as well, that would be very helpful? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Karl. Thanks for the question. Yes. 35% is still in the cards to answer your question directly. There is -- what’s astute about your question is, there is a mix between the highest capacities and then the on-prem tends to be a little lower capacity nearline. So it could be 8 terabytes or 12 terabytes. But we think still the 35% is a good number through the fiscal year exactly to your point. Longer-term, I think, we’ve said 35% is fairly consistent. The cloud may actually grow bigger than that, but we have a wait and see kind of some of the reverberations after COVID. But I still think that’s a good number for bit growth in the mass capacity markets even further than just the end of the fiscal year.
Karl Ackerman: Got it. If I may just hoping if you could touch upon shortages. I think, with shortages of semiconductor components and even diodes, does that preclude you from ramping your hard capacity drives even particularly your 20 terabyte drive? And then, second, are you able to extend your volume commitments within -- with data center providers given the shortages across the supply chain? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Two interesting questions. The first thing is one of the reasons we really like the common scalable platform is flexible and questions exactly like you just asked. So relative to componentry, we have long visibility. But if we were changing platforms over and over and over again then some of those things might be hard to chase. And the fact that we have more capacity inertia on those platforms, I think, gives us a lot of flexibility. But to your point, I think, across all the supply chains, people are witnessing some of these kind of constraints and people are managing way out in front of them. And I do think it’s forcing discussions to be a little bit more mature relative to what the mass capacity needs are, what the needs are of silicon. For example, I think, you made reference to and some of the other components and making sure everybody has enough for the growth of our customers, especially during recovery times than what they might need later on in the calendar year.
Shanye Hudson: Thanks, Karl.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Just with the improvement in demand that you have seen in a number of the end markets. Can you talk just qualitatively about where you are in terms of manufacturing utilization versus either a quarter ago or a year ago? And I ask, because we have started to hear that some hyperscalers can get all the product they want, we have seen some price increases in the channel. I’m just wondering how tight things got in the seasonally strong December quarter, and what that might mean for the next couple of quarters?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Katy, thanks. So in some of the markets that we are tremendously disrupted, some of the legacy markets. For example, we had ample capacity throughout the period of Q1 and Q2, the COVID impact, pandemic impact and a lot of supply chains were disruptives as well. The cloud demand has been fairly strong and predictable for us. We are building what we had predicted. I think the way I think about our capacity constraints, our manufacturing constraints, if you will, is more of a long lead time stuff like wafer capital and some of those things, wafer process time of things, things like that staging for the future, that’s the stuff that’s full. At drive level, we still have some flexibility and we did last quarter. And so we were able to chase really aggressively the VIA markets, in particular that we are kind of racing ahead and there were some seasonality there, but some of it was just pent-up demand based on how the impacted -- the pandemic had impacted bullet all the supply chain. So if that’s helpful, the longer lead time upfront manufacturing capacity we have is building up to your point, which saw some flexibility to drive them.
Katy Huberty: Okay. And then just to follow-up Gianluca. Can you just bridge how you are thinking about the March quarter gross margin relative to December. Just some of the plus and minuses sequentially on gross margin, which seems like it’s up slightly based on your guidance?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. First of all, the December quarter margin has already improved sequentially. Especially in the RDs part of the business, we had maybe some negative impact on the SSD and system solution segment, but the hard disk starting to improve already in the December quarter. The mix is going in the right direction. As we said in the script, enterprise OEM was strong in December, cloud was still very healthy. And now when we go into the March quarter, we expect both segments to actually continue to improve sequentially. We will lose a little bit of the legacy segment, little bit of surveillance. We think mission-critical will be maybe less seasonal than what we have seen in the past and then I think the quarter and the gross margin in the quarter. So I think we will continue to go in the same direction. Of course, we will have some of the cost from COVID that will continue to be there. It was fairly high in the December quarter, a little bit higher than what we were expecting and we think March will probably be fairly similar.
Katy Huberty: Great. Thank you for that and congrats on the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. I had a kind of couple of them. Maybe first one on the nearline side, maybe two parts here. On the enterprise side, you talked about some recovery you’ve seen last quarter. How far do you think we are still below the trend line? The question is more on the on-prem nearline drive side, Q3 you talked about mission-critical? But on the cloud side, have you seen any kind of delays or pull-forwards and capacity transitions in some of your large cloud data center customers compared to what you think a few months ago?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Okay. Sidney, I think, the kind of two parts. So first just the enterprise, if you will be on-prem that we said during the early days of the pandemic is probably the most impacted. That is recovering somewhat. I think it’s recovering slowly, because some of the on-prem dynamics are not -- have not fully resolved themselves and probably still long. But it is recovering slowly and it’s more predictable now, so that’s why we feel like we understand the market. This is kind of in line with the IDC numbers we quoted in the prepared remarks as well about traditional IT is going to be up 3% and I think that goes exactly to that point. On the bigger cloud service providers around the world, there is a lot of dynamics going on because there is no one size fits all cloud obviously. But I would say in general, they -- a lot of applications pushed into the cloud and people have to react there with the budgets that they have, with the technology they have, with the platforms that they and so on. And in some cases they prioritize away from whatever storage infrastructure they were building on and in other cases they prioritize too and so it’s fairly complicated right now. My opinion is that because of the dynamics we have just seen the cloud is going to grow even bigger than what we forecast, and so over the long-term we are projecting mass capacity to be $24 billion market in 2025. So we think there is strong secular growth coming in the cloud, but it is still choppy based on some of the dynamics that we just talked about.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Maybe a quick follow up, I know I asked this question last quarter on Huawei, but given the current restrictions on the shipment to Huawei. Does that change the way you think about the total addressable market for this calendar year for nearline drives?
Dave Mosley: Yes. So like I said last time, we don’t comment on these specific customers. I think that the market demand globally will not change on how it’s ultimately serviced. So if that answers your question. So the net demand for data storage products is out there and it will get serviced by one customer or another, by one supply chain or another and these are very, very complex supply chains.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas O’Malley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Thomas O’Malley: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is really around capital returns. You obviously thought it was strategic to spend a decent amount in the quarter and take that from shares. Can you talk about what your view is on buying back more shares over the next couple of quarters and then obviously with the new debt rolled into the model as well? How have you viewed the pros and cons which we can take some of that down and also buying back the shares?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Tom, obviously, there’s kind of two parts of the question is, what we just went through in the pandemic and the way we were looking at the market. But the bigger part is that looking forward I really believe in the long-term cash generation capabilities of the company. So our decision to invest in our shares is weighing current environment and long-term business outlook and cash generation capabilities. I do think that if this is helpful that we are kind of an inflection point in data growth. I mean we, from Seagate’s perspective, we had to do a lot of transition from client server businesses, the factory transitions and so on into mass capacity, we have kind of finished that and now we are seeing mass capacity growing just simply because the demand for data is growing with the edge opportunities and things like that, so. So I think that this is an interesting time relative to all that we -- we look at the opportunistic, the ability to retire stock, return capital. We look at the investments we have to make in ourselves, we had a fairly strong thesis on all this and it’s good to have cash generation capabilities to underpin it all, so we can make the trade-offs.
Thomas O’Malley: Really helpful. The next one is just a high-level question and totally fair if you answer it from a very high level as well, but clearly, there is a lot of concerns about flooding the market with big capacity NAND this year. How do you think in a market in which the cost environment on the flash side is decreasing, particularly your legacy markets will react. Obviously, you mentioned some seasonality in the first quarter. But do you think that you will see greater than expected declines there. Or can you just talk through the pros and cons of what you may see happening throughout this year if that flash environment weakens?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Sure. A few years ago, the narrative was very different when notebooks hadn’t transitioned over and now they largely have transitioned over to NAND. So I look at things like that as places where the two technologies are competing head to head and that doesn’t really exist anymore. People talk about for example mission critical drives and this is a little bit of inside baseball here. But mission critical drives for us, we haven’t really done a new platform in quite a few years, where continuous service market that’s out there. There’s a large number, tens of millions maybe even more than that of slots that are out there with SaaS interface on and have good value proposition. So we will continue to service those market, but I don’t think that is small change or even a fairly large change and the NAND price changes that dynamic. Because the new architectures are not SaaS architectures generally speaking, some of them are NVMe architectures and that’s where you need to be designing products or so. So the overlap, if you will, between the two markets is not super relevant. And in the mass capacity markets, its 9 day difference and mass data infrastructure, a small change in cost, thinking of large change in cost is not going to make a difference in the architecture decisions that people are making.
Gianluca Romano: I think that, which is the important point in this segment that are really growing like cloud and enterprise OEM and even surveillance, but really overlap between hard disk and NAND at this point and we don’t expect that to happen in the next few years structure.
Dave Mosley: Yes. The way I look at the data for social dynamics, there is a big growth in edge and cloud and there’s lots of different architectural components. NAND is definitely come of age and so it’s got a lot of opportunities that has to be -- design the right solutions for the customers and for mass capacity perspective, we have the exact same problem, we keep driving our roadmap and we are going to be just fine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: I am just having trouble footing everything you said with the new CapEx advice of 4% to 5% of sales. I know you were thinking it might not be as high as 6% to 8% previously. But can you just sort of talk about what’s going into that decision and then I had a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I will let Gianluca take this one.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Basically what happened in the last couple of years, Seagate, and I think in general the industry installed more capacity than what was needed. So the fact that the growing demand is now absorbing that capacity is obviously good news for the industry and for Seagate in particular, but we can still see some of additional capacity not being fully utilized. So we don’t need to invest more in the short-term at least in order to absorb their demand and serve their demand. So we think that still investing a fairly high amount that is now 4% or 5% of our revenue is not small number is a big number, but that is the right level for us to align supply and demand in the next, I would say, two or three quarters.
Steven Fox: And then just maybe Dave, if you can give a little bit more color on the 18 tb rollout. I know you have said consistently it is dependent upon when your customers want kind of some uptick, but is there any other color you can provide in terms of what may drive it sooner rather than later or later that you expect based on, et cetera.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We did say in the script that the 18 terabyte qualifications have gone very well. To the earlier point, I don’t think from a mass capacity perspective, we are not in the era in the industry anymore of just roll the bunch, and then try to ship them in at the end of the quarter or something like that. You have to have real good relationships with the customers, know exactly what they want. So we over the last few quarters, we have been on a theme in communicating this with you that we know where 18 terabytes was going to be with the customers, who are going to be asking us for and so we were fairly clear that the rent has begun though. And so, and it starts by going back to wafer, which is many, many months ago and then making sure we are starting the right parts, we are making the transition to that product right now and we feel really good about it. We feel good about the quality levels, the yield levels, the ability to ramp, all the components that we need, because it’s a common platform. I think we have been signaling this pretty well. I can’t really comment on what the rest of the industry is or isn’t doing because I just don’t know, but that’s relative. That’s the way I look at our plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Sorry about that, guys I was on mute. I wanted to build on the last question with regard to kind of a visibility discussion. When I look at kind of growing your mass capacity at 35% loss this year, it seems to really imply a very, very healthy uptick in capacity shipment growth into these next couple of quarters. So as we think about the visibility in the business, the change in dialogue that you have had with kind of your key customers, how would you characterize visibility into that kind of demand profile, that pickup up of capacity ship into the back half of the year? And I do have a quick follow up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think in -- it’s not just about the highest capacity point exactly what you are pointing out. We have good visibility on 16’s and what our customers needed. We have good visibility on 18’s because we talked to those customers about exactly what they need in multi-quarters out as well, but there’s also something going on at 8 terabytes and 12 terabytes and so on. So if you see that kind of transition based on the products that serve the lower capacity points of the mass capacity market if you will that’s where we start to see some significant growth as well. And that tends to be more global than isolated at a few accounts. But that gives us confidence. And by the way, the platform that we have or the platform transitions we are making, take cost and disks and heads and things like that out as we increased capacity, we can actually do that there. So, we are confident in our ability to go solution that better out the mix increases. So go ahead with your follow-up.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Yes. And this is a quick follow-up. Given the mix of business and kind of what’s transpired over the last year or plus, I am just curious. How do you think about the variables, the drivers that gets you back to that kind of what I think you have characterized as a normalized gross margin into that 29%, the 30% plus range?
Dave Mosley: Yes. As Gianluca mentioned before, HDDs almost there. I mean, there is some other dynamics of other businesses. But exactly to your point, we have these new platforms coming that will necessarily take costs out. We have to make sure that there is -- we are actually getting with the customers what they need. But I do expect some demand growth recovery again in some markets, but also growth as well that will allow everything to equilibrate more and get us back into the ranges. It was a very competitive market in the times of COVID 2020 and people are trying to keep their factories full and things like that. Now, we are into a period of -- with this growth and recovery. Like Karl asked earlier, there is a lot of questions about supply availability, making sure you have the right supply at the right time and we are into those kinds of discussions as well and we expect that to stabilize.
Aaron Rakers: That’s in the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Aaron. I think the combination of different items, of course, the focus for us is always on cost reduction and I think we are achieving that level of cost quarter after quarter. The second very important item is this alignment between supply and demand that should bring a healthier pricing environment for the industry. And then, of course, there are those additional costs that we are incurring right now because of the COVID situation that we don’t expect to continue for forever, we think few more quarters and then hopefully, a little bit part of the cost will go away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results. Maybe first, with the enterprise customers coming back, have they been qualifying higher density drives? Or is that going to just start now? And was there a delay and what are the expectations going forward?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Typically, Kevin, some of the enterprise customers do lag. They don’t qualify the highest capacity point through the branded product as fast as some other people do. There are exceptions to that rule, but they do lag. There has not really been any slowdown in qualifications for any reason. I think, people even through the challenges, the logistical challenges of COVID, people have kept focused on what they need to do because they are seeing efficiency gains as well there. So -- but as we make some of those transitions, I think that helps us answer the enterprise demand the right way as the enterprise demand is starting to grow again.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up. With the 16-terabyte and moving over to the 18-terabyte and the visibility you talked about, do you see a crossover of shipments anytime in 2021? Or is that more of a 2022 calendar year event?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s not going to happen this quarter or next quarter just because of the sheer volume of the 16’s. But I do see it at some point, yes. And we are going to ramp really hard and it’s the same platform. So it’s not hard for us to ramp per se. There is also other efficiencies that we get by driving to the 18 platforms. So that’s why we are pretty excited about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much and congrats on a nice quarter. Dave, maybe as a follow-up to Kevin’s last question about the 16-terabyte to 18-terabyte transition. Obviously, the 16-terabyte has been a big share gainer for Seagate and you mentioned the easy platform transition to 18 terabyte. First, how do you look at, I guess, new customer wins with 18 terabyteS? And maybe, secondly, on top of that question, do you see more incremental share gains when you get -- I guess when you move to 20-terabyte and above on the HAMR platform where there are, I guess, significant differentiation versus your peers?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Patrick. Yes. I don’t really think about market share per se. I think about talking to the customers about what exactly they need. Now to your point, there are people who were on 14, for example, or 12 and said, I am going to 18. And so they have been waiting the transition a little bit. And so we will work with them on those transitions and make sure that we have an ample supply for them. As we go even higher, I can’t really speak to -- I can only speak to the discussions that we are having. I have confidence in 20-terabyte ramps. We made comments in the script about peer market capabilities to get there. We have the HAMR capabilities to get there. I think we control those levers very carefully. So whatever a specific customer, who they want, performance wise or whatever, we can get them for their new architecture, old architecture because there is still a lot of legacy architecture. There is even replacement architectures we have to service and we will go out and do that. So, just not being flippant, but I just don’t think about share gains, rather I think about what do these customers we are talking to need exactly from us and making sure we are aligned.
Patrick Ho: Right. And as my follow-up question for Gianluca. In terms of OpEx, you guys have done a really good job flexing OpEx during, especially these challenging times in 2020. How do you look at OpEx and especially R&D given now that they are starting to release HAMR-based products? Is there an ability to flatten out R&D in the near-term with maybe a lot of the heavy lifting related to HAMR? I don’t want them out of the way, but it leaves a lot of the initial ramp and start-up costs embedded?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Actually, we have done that already. So, you see the result already, at least, partially in our results of the quarter. And for the long-term, I think last quarter we said, probably a good model is around $330 million per quarter. And now we are little bit below. And now we will try to stay below as much as possible. Of course, we know we always look at opportunities for cost reduction, especially online now in the technology space where we have developed HAMR. So, we don’t have the need for maybe all the spending that we had in the past.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s a really good point. Yes. It’s a really good point. There is these HAMR technologies, smallest laser ever shipped and the smallest waveguide ever shipped. And dialling it down to something 30-nanometer spot size or whatever it is. This is a really, really difficult technology, we have invested a lot to get to where we are really proud of where we are being able to ship some units and get the learning out there and start building the volume and everything else. We don’t have to go through that investment, again. And so that we get a lot of scale from here, so I appreciate your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Happy New Year and congrats on solid results here. Still, if I could, first Dave, I guess sort of the 35% mass capacity exabyte growth for the year, actually implies that the June quarter and then the March to guide implies that June quarter is really the quarter where it kind of kicks up. And then you had made some remarks. I think in the prepared remarks about calendar ‘21. I don’t want to -- I would really act looking for clarification, you said sort of continues through the year. And so, I love. I’d love to get. Well, first of all, could you just sort of comment on if the June quarter does kick up in a meaningful way from the March quarter. And then what your thoughts are with September and December quarter as well. And then I have a follow up for Gianluca.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Ananda and Happy New Year to you too. So, yes, looking forward, we do see recovery in mass capacity. There was obviously the VIA markets that grew last quarter and they had their normal seasonal downtick, but the cloud will continue to grow from here and exabytes and so that underpins the forecast that we have right now. It’s still early -- haven’t seen through Chinese New Year. But things feel like very different than they did last year, where there was a lot of disruption during -- due to COVID. I think it’s time for some of the people who were say -- who put off investments, frankly to say, okay, now I need to make those investments. And our pivot to mass capacity are getting over to the same platform and everything, allows us the flexibility to really go address the markets with high volumes. So that’s what underpins our confidence.
Ananda Baruah: Okay. Great. And then Gianluca. You guys are doing, sort of on the op margins you are doing sort of the higher end of the range right now or like so in the upper 50%, upper half of the range. And it sounds like you are also talking about a couple -- a handful of things as you go through the year that can cause the gross margins to go up couple of 100 basis points to 200 basis points. I am putting numbers on that. But I think you have had 200 basis point to COVID cost, then you continue to get mix, you get pricing, those pricing feels a little bit more normalized right now on nearline drives et cetera, et cetera. So what would you -- does it mean, how should we think about the -- I guess the normalized op margin range, if you get it, if you already sort of the upper 50% on the op margin range and you are going to capture 200, 300 debts on card -- on the gross margin. Would you show that in a normalized fashion or are there areas to go invest? And I guess that’s really what I am asking.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Ananda and Happy New Year to you. If you look at our performance before COVID, our operating margin was already at the top of the range, we were already at 16% even it’s a bit higher. And then COVID happened, and it’s still happening, it’s still impacting our result. But we are right now in the 15%. So we are going back to that level even with the COVID situation. So, of course, we expect fairly quickly and based of course on the impact from the COVID additional cost to go at the level that we were before the pandemic situation and even better. And we are always looking internally at opportunity, now we discussed it with the gross margin before, we are going in the right direction in term of mix. We are seeing now the industry pricing is also going in a better direction compared to for example a year ago. So all those elements are of course pointing to better gross margin, better operating margin, and I am sure, we will discuss with more at our Analyst Day.
Ananda Baruah: Gianluca, that sounds like 18% to 20% operating margins to make, by the way.
Gianluca Romano: I didn’t say that.
Ananda Baruah: Just saying. Thanks, guys, appreciate it. Good day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Just as a follow-up to the prior question, it seems to me that you have made some changes to procuring subcomponents and I want to see. I will get an idea when those cost savings would actually materialize and help you with gross and operating margin and I have a follow-up.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Mehdi with me, thanks. We discussed the biggest impact on the gross margins, was the COVID drivers and that’s largely freight and logistics-related. And I think the world is still got a lot of challenges on those, on those fronts. And so I think a lot of people are feeling that. Relative to components, I think we feel fairly solid about our company, supply chain. So it was tough in the early days of COVID. We had to make sure that, you know, people had the right factories open and we had to, you know, get in there and work with all of our suppliers, especially the ones that are positioned for some of the products that are continuing to grow, that they are making the right investments in times that are pretty lean, but we are confident about how we did that. So I don’t really, maybe be to the earlier question, I don’t really foresee any supply constraints, but it is forcing a different dialogue that we had, maybe to your implied in your comments.
Mehdi Hosseini: And then looking at composition of a nearline, especially as you highlighted opportunities with video and surveillance, could there be increased diversification of nearline and into both cloud service providers as well as the like a surveillance and adverse surveillance moving into higher capacity, nearline and this way you give some diversification of end market demand drivers?
Gianluca Romano: It’s interesting because if you read the script to the point about all these cameras generating all this data at the edge. And, you know, we expect that to be kind of a bellwether for smart cities, smart factory. You know there’s a lot of data some of video data, but there’s other kinds of data being created at the edge. A lot of that data today actually dies with the edge. It doesn’t make a back-up in the cloud. You do start to see the nascent -- the beginnings of models where people say, how do I get that data from the micro edge, all the way back up to the core -- for the core cloud, because the cloud has some of the great applications to be able to process the data, you just have to physically get it there. You know, I point to our live product strategy for -- that’s exactly what we are thinking there. And, you know, it’s not small. The amount of data that’s being created at the micro edge today and, like I said, probably either being overwritten or you have to make a decision once you process the data and you never get to make that decision ever again or never get to question that decision again. Things like autonomous vehicles, you want learning to go on. So, you need the data kind of resonant for quite some time, there’s a lot of different models that are very, very interesting to us right now. And it is forcing a symbiosis I guess that’s the right word for between micro edge and cloud and the same kind of drives to service level, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi Investment Research. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And I just have one question. It seems like on both gross and operating margins, every indicator ahead whether it be pricing looks better, COVID costs are peaking, shipping costs are likely to get lower, new innovations rolling out are helping. Am I right that just simply both operating and gross margins should just continue to trend higher through 2021 or there’s some actually negatives or headwinds that we should be mindful of as we go forward?
Dave Mosley: No headwinds, Jim. The world is still fairly volatile place that everyone’s through COVID of course and still impacting communities quite a bit. So from our perspective, we have narrowed down our product portfolio to have the right products, made sure our factories, our supply chains already talk to the customers and things like that. The story is coming out and we do believe there’s data growth ahead, but we want to make sure that we are mindful of the realities that are in the economics today. That’s why to our comments we think we are positioned really well, but we will guide you quarter-over-quarter like we normally do.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Nikolay Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nikolay Todorov: Thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to go back to the CapEx question and maybe try to get a little bit more color. Can you tell us a little bit more where do you see that supply and demand now fully balanced from your perspective? I have a guess, but I wanted to hear from you and maybe can you try to quantify how much of a headwind is that under utilization to your profitability right now whether on the gross margin line?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Nikolay, thanks. It’s a little bit of tough because if you think about what’s the demand environment that we were in calendar year 2020 and how disruptive it was? You have some of the legacy products that were impacted quite a bit. Some of them are going back a little bit, but some of them that capacity can be repurposed back into mass capacity as well. And then mass capacity itself the growth of 18-terabyte drives that requires, what we call technology transition capacity, the dollars that we actually have to spend. So blending all these things together, the world is through this demand disruption, supply disruption period that we got through early last year. And what we are saying is, we think that we can manage from here at the 4% to 5% range based on our modelling and that will be ample supply will be bringing online for what the demand is out there.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And the way to quantify the headwind, do you see a meaningful headwind from that under utilization?
Dave Mosley: Sorry, not really. Once the -- maybe way back to Kathy’s question, once the factories fill up, heads maybe drive, I think that headwind will be gone, and so that that will happen here in quarter two.
Nikolay Todorov: Just a quick follow up, on the legacy price per terabyte declining for a second quarter in a row double digit year-over-year I think over the last four or five quarters in the mid single digit, a lot more benign, I just want to -- can you give us any color what drove that?
Dave Mosley: I think that’s all about a mix. And segments, like consumer grew quite a bit, actually last quarter. So some of that work from home and play from home, the gaming, things like that. Mission critical obviously is was still recovering, but still light compared to what it had been previously, so I think that’s the next part of that question.
Operator: That concludes the question and answer session. I will turn the call back over to management.
Dave Mosley: Thanks David. And thank you to all of you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you again as Gianluca said on our upcoming Analysts Day on February 24 please join us there. I’d like to once again thank all of our customers, supplier’s, business partners and our employees for their ongoing support in Seagate. We will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. My name is Jason and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We’ve not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control, and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our December quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. And information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call up for questions. With that, I’ll turn it over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye and welcome everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We began fiscal year 2021 executing well across several key objectives, keeping us on pace for our full year revenue outlook. First, we delivered on our financial commitments navigating challenging market conditions to achieve September quarter revenue of $2.31 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.93, both exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range. Second, we advanced our innovative product and technology roadmaps, which position the company for future data growth opportunities, including the introduction of CORTX, an open-source, object-storage software; and Lyve Rack, which offers a simple and cost effective solution for enterprises to manage their massive volumes of data, and in turn unlock data value. And third, to demonstrate Seagate’s long-term commitment of returning cash to our shareholders. The Board approved a 3% increase to our quarterly dividend and a $3 billion increase to our existing share repurchase authorization. These actions exemplify our confidence in the business potential and future cash generation capabilities. In my comments today, I will summarize a few highlights from the September quarter and share some perspectives on the current market environment, and then I’ll outline how we have been positioning Seagate to capture significant opportunities created by longer term data trends. The results for the quarter reflect good execution against the backdrop of continued macro disruptions that impacted several of our key end markets. These disruptions were most pronounced in the enterprise market as the anticipated slowdown in enterprise IT spending impacted sales of our enterprise nearline and mission-critical drives. Many enterprises reacted to the pandemic by prioritizing funding to support their remote workforce and accelerating their digital transformation plans. Accordingly, nearline revenue in cloud was solid in the quarter, although below the record levels of June. The adoption of cloud services and the rise of new virtual economy, digital remote and intelligent is driving ongoing cloud data center investments. According to IDC, 2020 may be the first year in which cloud infrastructure hardware spending surpasses traditional IT infrastructure hardware spending. However, they also project enterprise IT spending will pick up in calendar 2021, which aligns well with our outlook for gradual recovery in the enterprise on-prem market. Data center investments vary among cloud service provider and internet content customers, depending on the respective end market demand outlooks, expansion plans and architectural needs. Responding to these trends, HDD storage investments depend upon mass capacity transition readiness and installed base replacement timing. Taking these factors into account, we currently expect cloud data center demand to improve in the December quarter and throughout the fiscal year, which supports a more elongated cycle than we’ve seen in the last couple of years. In other markets, recovery is already well underway. For example, we realized solid double-digit revenue growth for our consumer drives reflecting both the return to seasonal patterns and strength of Seagate’s brand among prosumers and gamers. And in the video and image applications or VIA markets, revenue doubled quarter-over-quarter, following resurgence in on-prem security and smart video projects. Recall, these markets were heavily impacted in the first half of the calendar year by COVID-related restrictive measures that precluded installations from taking place. Over the long-term, the use of AI and other data analytics continues to drive new VIA edge use cases that extend well-beyond security, including smart cities, smart factories, healthcare, and even frictionless retail, all of which generate massive amounts of data and the need for cost effective edge storage. We now believe the September quarter marks the bottom of the COVID-related demand disruptions, and we expect the gradual recovery from this point forward, which along with the existing secular trends were exposed to underpin our outlook for flattish revenue in fiscal year 2021 and reinforce the relevance of mass capacity storage in both the cloud and at the edge. Seagate is a leader in mass data, and we continue to deliver innovative technologies and secure cost-effective data solutions that address our customers’ needs today and in the future. Building on the strong momentum of our 16-terabyte products, we are qualifying our 18-terabyte drives with multiple customers and progressing very well. We are aligning our volume production ramp to customers’ timings and HDD capacity transition readiness. We also remain on track to ship 20-terabyte HAMR drives starting in December, which is an important milestone, as we believe HAMR technology will be the industry’s path to scaling areal density and increasing drive capacities. Seagate will be the first to ship this crucial technology with a path to deliver 50-terabyte HAMR drives forecast in 2026. Higher capacity drives not only enable data centers to cost effectively store more data in the same footprint, but also to do so in an environmentally sustainable way. The power consumed by an 18-terabyte Seagate drive is actually lower than a 10-terabyte HDD on a per bit basis. That means by replacing 110-terabyte drive with our latest 18-terabyte product, customers can securely store 80% more data and do so more efficiently. However, the challenges for mass data storage posed by data growth extend beyond capacity cost and sustainability. Increasingly, businesses are challenged by data sprawl and data security, which impact their ability to harness the value of their data. Last month, Seagate hosted its inaugural datasphere event, during which customers, partners, and other industry thought leaders joined our team to discuss strategies for attacking these data management challenges. If you haven’t had the opportunity yet, you can still catch the videos on our website. Seagate’s Lyve platform leverages our deep knowledge of data storage and architectures to help enterprises address the complexity of securely managing data across a distributed enterprise. Lyve Mobile is a series of seamlessly integrated edge arrays and data shuttles designed to cost effectively and securely move data between endpoints, edge, and into core cloud environments. CORTX is an open-source, object-storage software with a growing community of developers. CORTX enables enterprises to easily and efficiently manage massive pools of storage resources across their distributed enterprise. Finally, Lyve Rack is a simple and easy-to-deploy solution pre-configured with CORTX software and up to 1.5-petabytes of storage in a 4U rack. Lyve Rack helps enterprises build their own mass capacity optimized private storage clouds with less cost and complexity than ever before. We see multiple use cases across a diverse range of edge-centric vertical markets that all have a common need for mass data management. For example, Raytheon Technologies is using CORTX to develop large-scale secure storage clouds for their federal and commercial customers. And two the world’s top automakers are evaluating this platform to efficiently move data across their fleets of autonomous vehicles. While Lyve is still in its infancy, customer reception has been tremendously encouraging, which together with our outlook for mass capacity storage makes me excited by the future prospects for Seagate. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Gianluca and have him walk through the September quarter results.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. We achieved what we set out to do in the September quarter, delivering financial results consistent with our expectation in face of a dynamic and challenging market environment. Revenue was $2.31 billion, above our guidance midpoint and down 8% sequentially. This performance reflected strong recovery in the video and image application or VIA market. The strength in the VIA market, along with healthy demand from cloud data center customers, partially offset the anticipated weakness in the enterprise market, which impacted our nearline, mission-critical and system sales. Total hard drive capacity shipments were 114-exabytes in the September quarter, down about 2% sequentially. Mass capacity shipments were 87-exabytes compared with 91-exabyte in the prior quarter, and 64 in the year ago period, representing strong year-over-year growth. Our outlook for the December quarter support calendar year 2020 exabyte shipment growth that is well ahead of the long-term demand CAGR of 35% to 40% forecasted for this market. On a revenue basis, mass capacity storage represented 58% of September quarter revenue and 63% of hard disk drive revenue, no change from a percentage basis, with the June quarter and up from 47% and 51% respectively, in the prior year period. As anticipated, nearline revenue declined sequentially but remain healthy and within its historical range, centered around 70% of mass capacity sales. Nearline shipment was 64-exabytes, down from record levels in June, but up 36% year-on-year, reflecting growth massive demand for our high capacity nearline drives. We estimated about 16% of nearline capacity shipments are to replace existing drives, which equates to about 10-exabytes in the September quarter. We consider this a reliable revenue stream, but it should grow over time, along with the installed base. Average capacity per nearline drive increased 8% sequentially to 11.6-terabytes, supported by sales of our highly successful 16-terabyte drives, which have been the company highest revenue product for three consecutive quarters and the highest nearline product for four consecutive quarter. We continue to ship our 18-terabyte drive and make positive progress on qualification plans at multiple cloud customers, with the volume ramp aligned with their timing. Revenue for VIA, increased sharply in the September quarter a new security and smart video installation resumed following the COVID related cost we described in the first half of the calendar year. We anticipate healthy VIA sales over the near-term and view this application as a long-term growth driver for mass capacity storage, particularly as new use cases for smart camera system and analytical software emerge. IDC forecast revenue from video security camera is growing at a compound rate of nearly 13% through 2025, which is a strong indication of increasing storage needs at the edge. The legacy market represented 34% of total September quarter revenue, 13% as a prior quarter and down from 46% in the year ago period. Increased sales for consumer drives partially offset the decline in the enterprise mission critical market and sub-seasonal demand for PCs. Exabyte shipments into this market increased 5% sequentially to 28 exabyte supported by the uptick in the consumer products, which have average capacity of 2.7 terabyte for a consumer drive. We currently expect consumer demand to remain stable in the December quarter with some improvement in the mission critical markets consistent with gradually enterprise recovery by Dave described. Our non-enterprise business made up the remaining 8% of September quarter revenue flat on a percentage basis with the prior quarter. Non-HDD revenue is still below our pre-COVID levels. Sales of our SSD products trended lower due to challenging pricing environment, while we saw a slight improvement in the system business. I’ll point out, that many of our system customers are small to mid-size enterprises, which are still being impacted by the pandemic. Accordingly, we expect it will take a couple more quarters before demand fully recover. In the September quarter, non-GAAP gross profit was $614 million, which includes $25 million of COVID related costs. We are taking steps to partially offset cost associated with air freight by using more ocean freight. Our resulting non-GAAP gross margin was 26.5% including in 110 basis points impact from this COVID related cost as well as favorable product mix and underutilization of the factories. Consistent with our expectation, non-GAAP operating expenses came in at $320 million, reflecting ongoing benefits of working from home along with saving from our previously announced restructuring activities. Looking ahead, we now expect operating expense to normalize at approximately $330 million within the next one to two quarters as we continue to assess market position and investment. Our resulting non-GAAP operating income was $294 million and non-GAAP operating margin was close to 13% of revenue, which is the low end of our long-term target range. Based on a share count of approximately 259 million shares, non-GAAP EBS for the September quarter was $0.93. Capital expenditures were slightly lower in the September quarter at $111 million, which represented around 5% of revenue. Based on the investment made over the past several quarters, we believe the industry has sufficient capacity in place to address near-term market demand growth. As a result, we are focusing our investment to support technology transition rather than further capacity expansion. We’ve been successful in transitioning more of our shipments to ocean freight, which as I mentioned earlier, decreased the COVID-related impact cost on gross profit. We have also built strategic inventory for some critical components to protect against potential future supply chain risk. As a result, inventory increased sequentially to $1.3 billion, which was in line with our plan. We expect inventory level to decline as we consume these components over the next few quarters. We generated about $186 million of free cash flow in the September quarter, which includes the one-time impact of restructuring costs. While these levels are still relatively healthy, we expect free cash flow to return to historical levels over the next few quarter supported by our focus on operational efficiency and then improving demand environment. In the September quarter, we utilized $68 million to retire approximately 1.5 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 258 million shares outstanding. We also used $167 million to fund our dividend. As Dave mentioned earlier, the Board approved a 3% increase to our quarterly dividend, raising the quarterly payout to $0.67 per share. The Board also approved an increase to our share repurchase authorization of $3 billion, which brings the total amount available to $4.2 billion. The share repurchase authorization has no specific expiration date. Timing of execution on our organization is dependent on several factors, including our financial position, available cash, distributable reserves, and capital requirements. Deduction illustrates the confidence in our business strategy and long-term cash generation abilities. We had cash and cash equivalent relatively stable at $1.7 billion. As we approach the end of calendar year 2020, we are encouraged by emerging signs of recovery in the larger enterprise market and improvement in VIA demand. We expect solid cloud data center demand to continue in the December quarter supportive of our view for a more elongated cycle. While we’re still facing headwinds from COVID related costs, we expect this will gradually decrease over the next couple of quarters. Taking all these factors into account, our outlook for the December quarter is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $2.55 billion plus or minus $200 million, up 10% sequentially at the midpoint. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to improve sequentially in the lower half of our target range of 13% to 16% of revenue. And non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.10 plus or minus $0.15, an increase of 18% sequentially at the midpoint. In closing, Seagate is continued to execute well during this period of prolonged uncertainty. We are navigating the current market and executing a strategy to capture the significant opportunities associated with the secular demand growth for mass capacity storage, and then managing need to manage massive volume of data from the endpoint to edge to cloud core. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. As we conclude the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we are encouraged by the recovery trends we’re seeing in key end markets, but still expect macro uncertainty to persist near-term. We have demonstrated the ability to manage through challenges in the past and with our team strong execution the resilient financial model, I remain confident that we will emerge stronger from this current situation. Our improving December quarter outlook suggests we’re on track to do it again. I’m proud of our pace of innovation, and how we’re attacking the critical customer needs posed by data growth, data sprawl and data security. We are delivering on our technology roadmap and developing cost effective solutions that addressed the secular demand growth for mass capacity storage, and data management. I am confident our business outlook for fiscal year 2021 due in parts of the tremendous momentum we have built with our highly successful HDD business, and I believe our new initiatives including our live platform, position us for even greater opportunities in the future. As a result, I’m more excited than ever about Seagate’s growth opportunities, ability to generate cash and enhance shareholder value over the long-term. Our performance would not be possible without the tremendous efforts of our employees, and the ongoing support of our customers, partners and shareholders. Thanks to all of you. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hey, thank you for taking my question. First, Gianluca, you spoke during your prepared comments about shipping 20-terabyte HAMR drives revenue this quarter. First, could you quantify the number of design wins you’ve won to date for HAMR? And second, your earlier comments seem to suggest you won’t materially ramp 20-terabyte HAMR, perhaps because it’s cost prohibitive on a dollar per terabyte basis versus your existing CMR offerings. I guess is it possible to achieve 35% to 40% exabyte growth for calendar 2021 if the plan is to leapfrog to 24-terabyte HAMR drives, and how do we think about the margin mix associated with that? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Hi Karl, like you said, it’s a new platform out there in the world, and so we’re going to introduce it this quarter. And we’ll be watching the customers that we are qualified with, which is pretty highly competitive. So, we don’t talk about that, but we’ll watch the performance and dial that knob accordingly. I would say that until -- to your point until we get to 24-terabyte, there’s not really a compelling transition, and so we have to keep continue working that drive, and we will work that over the course of the next calendar year.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say that the important one for us is the technology milestone that we are achieving in the current quarter with the first shipment of HAMR. It’s not so important right now how many units we ship. The important is that the technology is working, and we are doing exactly what we said and start shipping 20-terabyte HAMR before the end of the calendar year 2020.
Karl Ackerman: Great color, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty : Thank you. Good afternoon. Dave, given the higher-than-average margins in the markets that are recovering enterprise and video markets, why wouldn’t gross margins improve materially in the second half of your fiscal year? And then just a follow-up for Gianluca, how do we reconcile the modest share repurchases in September relative to the new $3 billion share repurchase authorization? Why not be more aggressive buying back the stock given the signs of recovery you see in the business?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Thanks, Katy. I’ll take the gross profit and gross margin points first. We do still have some COVID overhang, and then obviously last quarter, factories were relatively empty compared to what we can do from a demand perspective. So, we’re pivoting some of the capacity over from some of the legacy markets that are still challenged and into the mass capacity, exactly to your point. So, over the course of many quarters, we will see that recovery in gross margins if that helps you think about it. I’m very confident of the product portfolio that we have. It’s just a matter of re-equilibrating all the supply again – or the demand against our existing supply.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. And maybe before answering to the capital allocation and share buyback, we said that last quarter and even the quarter before that calendar 2020 was going to be impacted by the additional cost of COVID in terms of gross margin and operating margin. So, we think that when the COVID situation will improveour gross margin, because of our mix and because of the reduction of the COVID costs, we will start to improve. So, we expect some improvement in the second part of the fiscal year. In terms of share buybacks this quarter, as you know, we discussed that even during the last earnings release, during COVID, we want to be a little bit more conservative in terms of cash preservation. But the board authorization, it is a more strategic and long-term authorization, it is not something for the very short-term. We will think about how to use and how to maximize the impact of this new authorization and with Dave, we will decide in the next weeks and months.
Katy Huberty : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Back on maybe the gross margin, I know in the prepared remarks you had alluded to taking on some strategic supply inventory. I think there’s been a little bit of questions out there around some of the component pricing dynamics that maybe, you guys have been seeing, being at spindle motors or also maybe on the substrate side. So, can you help us understand exactly what you are seeing in the component supply chain and whether or not you’re seeing some inflationary pressure and how you’re managing that? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Aaron, thanks. Certainly through COVID where factories were so strained and there were people that needed help. And so, we were out aggressively addressing that to make sure we had continuity of supply. And that’s the comments that we made in the prepared remarks about the strategic inventory buys that we’ve done just to make sure that we have the right inventory placement. Relative to the management, I think that’s the supply chain, I think that’s really starting to equilibrate now, and I’m fairly happy with where we are. We’ve got our suppliers in line with our capacity planning again, and they’re not getting turned off because of some of the COVID-related stuff, and I think it’s very manageable from here. That’s the way I look at it.
Gianluca Romano: And I know you’ve seen from our guidance in the current quarter and how we guided the full fiscal year. Now, we expect this quarter and the next couple of quarters to be a strong quarter, so we don’t want to be limited by one component or two components. So, we decided to beat a little bit of strategic inventory, but we will use in the next two or three quarters.
Aaron Rakers: Great. Just as a quick follow-up, can you just give us an update on how we think about the capital expenditure plan, whether or not you’re going to have to increase some of the wafer capacity or just any update on CapEx spending as we move forward?
Dave Mosley: Yes. So, mass capacity has such strong growth for many, many quarters now and probably many years to come as well. We’ll be continuing to pivot more of our capital allocation against that and we’ll watch the legacy markets very carefully. Some, like we’ve mentioned, consumer markets were still fairly strong, others may be reaching a new normal as they continue to ramp down. We’re not investing in those, and so we can pivot the capacity, whether it’s wafer capacity, or media capacity, or drive capacity or whatever, we can pivot that capacity over that. And by the way, that goes against the supply comments or the suppliers’ comments that you’ve made as well. I mean making sure we work all the way upstream in our supply chain with the suppliers to do that also. What we said specifically in the script is that we believe the industry has enough capacity in aggregate for that. We make those pivots. We’ll still be needing to invest in what we call technology transition capacity. So, the ability to make the new 18-terabyte and the HAMR drives and things like that. But that’s not adding capacity, if you will, that’s just investments in that technology transition.
Aaron Rakers: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi, good afternoon, guys. I appreciate you guys taking the question. Yes, two, if I could. I’ll ask him at the same time. Dave, I believe last quarter talked about fiscal year 2021, nearline growth of I believe it was at least 35% exabyte. Is that still the case you’re reaffirming the flattish revenue guides for the year? And then also just on mass capacity, just had this quick calculation. I don’t know, and I’d love some context on this, this is like kind of get dirty count. But the difference between overall mass capacity exabyte chips and nearline chips was the largest ever, and it ties to the largest ever and the largest Delta for the December quarter. And you’re talking about pretty substantive growth anecdotally, I think, coming quarters, and then you said, kind of years, any context around sort of what’s going on with that market? Obviously, there’s sort of supply chain stuff, and challenge related stuff, and there’s congestion and pent-up demand. But is that something that can – we’re talking about potentially 35% year sort of nearline exabyte growth, and then plus meaningful mass capacity growth sort of through fiscal year 2021, just with less than contacts, because it clearly came back super strong?
Dave Mosley: Yes, yes. Thanks, Ananda. So, the first thing you were on was the 35% to 40%. We believe we’re still on track to outstrip that this year. We’ve been talking about that even as mass capacity was struggling earlier this year, because of surveillance market and so on. These VIA markets came back really strong and that’s the answer to your – the second part of your question. So that was definitely back in its normal traditional representation, maybe, even a little bit greater, given all the disruption that’s going on, the VIA markets were quite strong last quarter. We can expect that to persist as well going on. It’s logical recovery I would say, and it’s some of the new applications that are coming there, whether it’s smart city applications or hospital applications, things like that. So, we see a fairly healthy demand profile for that segment of mass capacity throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as well. So that’s why we have a lot of confidence in those mass capacity numbers being so high.
Ananda Baruah: And so just to quickly clarify, is it nearline growth sort of greater than 35% fiscal year, and then mass capacity will be whenever it is coming back, but that’s the – I’m sorry, not mass capacity video related, it’s going be something in addition to that. So, we could see much more significant mass capacity growth in addition to the 35% to 40% nearline growth?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Sorry. So, I wouldn’t say nearline right now, because of the – remember the on-prem discussions that we had last quarter. and so on-prem is still recovering, but it’s just not strong. So yes, the 35% to 40% is mass capacity all-in to your point.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line on Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just to follow on those questions, real quick. Can you just sort of go into why you think we’re at a bottom in terms of the enterprise, on-premise spending that you talked about in your prepared remarks? And how strong that comes back, say over the next few quarters to get to your full-year outlook? And then in a similar manner, can you talk about the video markets obviously, they came back strongly like, what’s – is it a different shape of business that you’re doing now post-COVID versus pre-COVID? How would you compare sort of mix now versus then? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Steven. So on-prem, I think, on a hindsight now, which is, we have really good visibility, I would say what happened with the early COVID supply reactions by a lot of customers caused pull-ins. And then the demand reality came later than that when people couldn’t get back on-prem. So that’s the bullwhipping, if you will, that caused a little bit too much inventory and the change. We’re still recovering from that frankly. I don’t expect it to recover to the prior levels, because some of those markets, some of those on-prem markets, like mission critical, we’re actually in decline anyway. So, we think that’ll come back to maybe, the prior declining run rate, if that helps you think about it, the nearline piece of the on-prem will actually come back, because that’s moving up in exabytes as well and there’s still a lot of value in nearline on-prem storage. Relative to the VIA markets and how they recovered so strongly, I think, when people could – generally speaking, when people could get back on-prem, they – we’re looking for new applications, some of them may have been facial monitoring, but some of them may have been temperature monitoring, and some things like that, and when you do those installs those upgrades, if you will to install, you don’t have to upgrade your entire network, you’re upgrading typically the box that’s the brain in the back room, and that has hard drives associated with it. So that’s why we think that I was so strong, very global, as well. So, it all happened at the same time. And again, we expect these kind of smart building Smart City applications to be continuing to be a good investment theme. Such that, if I look back year-over-year, we’ll definitely get back to where we were year-over-year, we did last quarter, and we’ll probably will, going forward as well. The muted frontend of this calendar year, we don’t know perfectly about the backend of the year, but we think that the VIA markets will be significantly stronger than that muted demand.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Dave, maybe just following up some of the comments you made earlier about capacity expansion and how you’re transitioning to the nearline drive capacity demand that’s out there. I know, typically, CapEx is you’re looking at a longer period of time on demand, where you’re – where your products are going. As you begin transitioning to HAMR 1, how do you feel about the capacity in place as the 20-terabyte HAMR drive gets released? And then secondly, over the next two to three years, do you believe you’ll need capacity expansion to meet the demand for HAMR over the next few generations?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. So, a couple of things, we have quite a bit of capacity that as part of our installed base, and we’ve been thinking for many years about those tools, those tools that they needed to make the HAMR transition, they are not too many incremental tools. So, we feel like we can manage the transition quite well. We do need a little bit of what we call technology transition capacity to do that. To the first part of your question, the bigger issue is really how we forecast what’s going on in legacy markets and how much we pivot to mass capacity. So, we’re going to be watching those legacy markets and what they’ll do over the course in the next year and it also started wafer, which is relatively long lead time. So, we’ll approach this judiciously. I do think over time, we will need more technology transition capacity as HAMR continues to ramp. So, I think that’s a fundamental limiter, if you will, and then the market goes bigger than we can react very quickly, I think on CapEx and especially with back in test capacity or media capacity to react if the market goes big.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you for taking my questions. On the video and image market, you say that’s coming back strong. Can you say geographically which area of the country world is it coming?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Kevin. I would say the areas of – almost everything was depressed and almost everything’s coming back. The distribution channel came back quite nicely in Asia, Southeast Asia, in India and a little bit less so in Europe, just last quarter based on timing, but we are seeing it come back everywhere. And I think it was a fairly healthy quarter for us widespread geographically.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. And going forward, you’re expecting us to continue to grow and can you give an estimate of how much of a capacity it is or how much of your exabytes?
Gianluca Romano: Well, we’re talking about as our capacity volume. And we also informed to stay to above the nearline. So, I would say the difference between the two is mainly video and image application.
Dave Mosley: Yes. There’s a little bit of NAS in the non-nearline, if you will. But we said that I think 70% is nearline on the call. So, if you think about that other 30% is the bulk of that 30%, although NAS is a nice contributor as well and growing in exabytes.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, two questions. First question is related to Huawei. Just want to confirm that, can you talk about whether you are continuing to ship to Huawei, and what is included in your December quarter guidance? It looks like a competitor may have stopped shipping, maybe back in middle of September? And do you think you’re seeing some benefits of that in your December quarter?
Dave Mosley: Well, I would say Sidney; we don’t talk about individual customers. I think if I go back, five or six quarters, now we’ve been talking about how demand has been fairly disrupted, particularly in China and there’s a lot of reasons for pulling in or pushing out demand, different projects that people are doing financial planning that they might be doing. We really focus on the end-market demand. And what’s that how we construct our guide? I do think that relative to some of the products that we’re talking about, there’s fairly healthy demand – healthy supply inventory in the chain, if you will. And that gets to the mission critical question and whatnot. We’re a global tech company. We have a broad network of suppliers and customers. We continually monitor and remain in compliance with all the rules and regulations around. I think, relative to some of the legacy markets. I think we’re just watching too much inventory out there. So, I don’t think it’s material, but it’s all factored into our guide about what’s going on in the markets. And then our long-term view is that mass capacity storage will find multiple routes to market and that’s what’s growing and that’s the way we’re positioning ourselves.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Well, maybe switching gears to talk about the nearline side. Dave, you talked about the timing of 18-terabyte drives; it will really depend on the customer’s frame. Do you have any insight as to when you will see maybe, a unit crossover with 16-terabytes? And maybe, going forward with when I start thinking about beyond 18-terabytes? Do you think – do you expect the market to do from 18-terabyte next year going straight to the 24-terabyte HAMR? Or do you think there’s somewhere in between, say the 20-terabyte period, where 20-terabytes is picking up? And how do you address that opportunity?
Dave Mosley: It’s interesting. Our 16-terabyte is a very, very strong platform for us. So, the unit crossover, we don’t really think about it as units. It’s actually such a similar bag of parts, as we’ve talked about before that it’s really a transition slightly in head capacity from our wafer fabs and some – a little bit of media turns and a couple of other piece parts. So, it’s not a hard transition for us to make. We’ve been saying for multiple quarters. Now, we really like our 18-terabytes good quality drive. It’s failing through the qualifications at the right level. So, it’s really about aligning with what the customers need from a volume perspective and I don’t think it’s going to cross over the next couple of quarters. We could drive it harder if we want to, but there’s no real reason to do that, especially against the demand certainty that I think everybody needs. To the other point, I think I do think that ultimately, 18-terabytes becomes a big volume. I don’t think people will wait for 20’s although, if an individual customer wants to do that, we’ll go there with them. We’re not going to talk about what our plans are there competitively, but I think there will be 20-terabytes in the market. I don’t think everyone will wait from 16 to 24, though, I think, the TCL proposition about re-qualifying an 18 or 20, or something like that is significant. And I think people will do that. So, we’re in deep conversations with all of our customers about this, these qual cycles take a long time. So, we’re locked and loaded with them on all this stuff, and making sure we give them what they need a high volume.
Gianluca Romano: I would say for this calendar year, 16-terabytes is for sure the leading product in high capacity and we expect that in kind of 2021 to transition more and more to 18-terabytes. And then as you know, we are developing the fourth generation and the second generation of HAMR, that will take a little bit longer time to transition, but we think we have a very stronger roadmap.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Thanks, Gianluca.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller from The Benchmark Corporation. Your line is open.
Mark Miller: Thank you for taking questions. I’m just wondering, what’s your outlook for gaming, in terms of sales in the gaming application, solid state memory has been showing up more and more, and what’s your feelings about that?
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks Mark. So, gaming has been very strong as part of our consumer business for the last two quarters. Now, I think that’s part of the work from home, learn from home and play from home too. The interesting thing that’s happening there is that not just the PC space, where some of the interesting titles are getting, the maps are getting bigger and bigger, but also the refreshes that are coming in the consoles, which we’re tremendously excited about, we’ve been talking to this customer for quite some time about. It says that consoles are going to get bigger, faster, more powerful. experience is going to be awesome. We’re very supportive of that. I think, when it comes to porting information from the old generation to the new generation, we think that we have a tremendously relevant role to play there. And then helping the architecture of a lot better performance and a lot higher capacity, we have a lot to offer there as well. So, we’re super-excited to always happen. Admittedly, I’ve heard people talk about this segment before and not really know where it’s going. And so maybe, say to come to the wrong conclusions that’s starting to become a little bit more obvious as people are going through these transitions. But we’re super-excited about gaming, obviously, and I think it’s a representative of what’s going to happen to the edge over the next five years. Data has to get bigger, faster to be able to satisfy all the applications. And we believe this is kind of one of the lead dogs on that hunt. And so we’re very active in participating in it.
Mark Miller: You talked a little about the inventory – inventories were up, which you say they’re going to be coming down, if you could just put more color about what’s going on with inventories and your belief?
Dave Mosley: Yes. like we said, we’ve said in the prepared remarks that we’ve done some strategic – the time when the market was relatively low. We wanted to make sure we didn’t get into any situations, where we had any losses in our factories, because we couldn’t get parts and a lot of suppliers, I think, we need to appreciate that a lot of suppliers and sub-suppliers were having issues in their supply chain, because of COVID and things like that. We didn’t want to get into any of that. So, we pulled a little extra inventory and we’ll bleed that out over the next couple of quarters via COVID.
Mark Miller: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. As many of the questions were asked, and you gave great details on, I’ll pivot and ask one more about the stock buyback. It’s kind of interesting to note the timing of it when you still had over $1 billion, if my math is right about $1.2 billon left. And I believe in your prepared comments, you mentioned you’re kind of doing opportunistically or kind of as you go. So, I’m just kind of thinking about that comment about why announced a big $3 billion in addition to the $1.2 billion you have left or are you meaning to imply you’re going to put the capital to use a little bit sooner, because of the current cadence you have. It would still be well over a year to exhaust the $1.2 billion that you have. So, I’m just kind of triangulating about the timing and what you meant, and the site, which is very impressive.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Just referencing our past authorizations. Our last one is in October of 2018, by the way it phases-off of our October board meetings that’s part of our process to address these things, the dividends as well. The last one was $2.3 billion of new authorization in October of 2018. The previous one before that was April of 2015, I think we – to your point, we had $1.2 billion left, we wanted a little bit more flexibility there, so we look out over the long-term and make those decisions.
Jim Suva: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I kind of wanted to turn back a little bit to the gross margin discussion there. It sounds like the higher end companies or customers are starting to purchase more products. So I guess why isn’t there going to be a year-over-year improvement in gross margin, particularly in calendar 2021, assuming that some of these operational issues kind of fade away due to COVID all that stuff that happened this year, plus the mix shifts of the high-end and it gets away, we’re seeing that kind of flow through more next year?
Dave Mosley: Well I think we’ll flow through more next year, I think we’re just in the tier point, we’re in the – still in the throes of having factories that are underutilized and moving a lot of capacity from some of the legacy markets which are under representative into mass capacity. We just can’t do that, that fast. But – so we’ve got a little bit of overhang where we just been through. But I have confidence that we’ll fill up the factories with the right product after that and be able to get solidly back into our margin range.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. When we talk about the COVID costs and the impact, we just communicate the direct impact. And I bet a lot of other negative impacts that we have, for example, the underutilization that Dave is mentioning, is not for sure including what we communicated at COVID impact in total, so that is more parts of it. So we think in the next two or three quarters debt will improve. And this is also aligned to our CapEx discussion that we just said. So we expect gross margin and operating margin, which is more important to us to improve in the next two or three quarters hopefully.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Then just as a follow-up on that, just assuming that you’re able to operate as usual, meaning that there is no distancing or in fact out of the factory, et cetera. Can you maybe help us understand what type of margin bridge you would normally see? So what I’m trying to get out here, as you probably found some operational savings, just given the work from home environment and probably make some reductions there or adjustments there. So how do we think about the, I guess, organic gross margin number, if we didn’t have this kind of one-time impact?
Dave Mosley: Yes. For those organic gross margins, we’d be in a range, I think based on the full utilization, if you will. You know we focus more on operating margin, and we’ve been tending towards the high end of our range. The reason we’re at the low end of our range right now really is, to your point, it’s the gross margin issue with the under absorption of the factories. But I think, we’ll continue to manage the operating margin range to try to get back to the high end of our range as quickly as we can. It’ll happen as a function of the footprint that we need from an OpEx perspective, which we benefit from no travel and everything else, everybody else – everyone else is talking about just spending control, but also the gross margin that you’re asking about.
Gianluca Romano: The last quarter before COVID impact, we were actually above our long-term range of 13% to 16% in terms of operating margin. So the mix today is even slightly better, I would say, in term of profitability. So expect to go back to that level and even higher than that, when the pandemic impact will start to decline and go away.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Heisler from SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, this is actually Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. I have one follow-up question, and I want to go back to your mass capacity excluding nearline, it did double on a Q-over-Q basis. Is that driven by surveillance, especially in the APAC region?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mehdi, it is. I mean especially APAC I’m not sure – I’d say especially APAC, because I think it’s picking up around the world. But it was so underrepresented around the world the quarter before, because to our point before nobody could get back on-prem. Surveillance came back quite nicely, we reacted well to it. Some of that we were predicting, and some of that we had to react to it. So there is recovery in every market, some markets are recovering faster than our projection, some are not as fast as our projections. But we had such confidence, especially later in the quarter, that’s why we – kind of we’re communicating that. And surveillance was a strong part of it.
Mehdi Hosseini: And I have a question on the object-storage efforts, I could see why it would fit into your long-term strategy. But maybe you can help me better understand how you can avoid alienating your existing customers as you pursue this strategy, and essentially, it seems like moving up a stack.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I don’t look at it as alienating simply, because there really isn’t an object store that’s designed specifically for mass capacity. So many object stores – they’re fantastic object-stores that are out there. Some of them are very proprietary, others have come and gone. But a lot of them have been progressed for many other reasons, not just mass capacity. And so we’re the ones designing the drives, we’re the ones designing this object-store, we’re opening up the community, so other people can help us. And that we’ve been getting great response for the community. So thanks for pointing it out. I look at it as a great opportunity for mass capacity storage, whether it’s on-prem or in a cloud or something like that, and we want partnerships. And we think of that tailored to all the features that we need for our drives, whether it’s MACH.2 drives or HAMR drives or any other features that we want to get developed. And I think this will be the fastest route to market, the fastest – the best TCL proposition for people using it. And then we’re open to any partnership with anyone, I don’t think it’s going to be a threat anyway.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Clear. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Nikolav Todorov from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nikolav Todorov: Yes, thanks. Dave, I think in your last – that you guided to CapEx to grow as a percent of revenue, and I believe at the time understanding that your capacity mix between legacy and mass capacity was optimal. Now you’re alluding that there is someone underutilization because of access legacy capacity. I guess, can you give us some color on what inning are we in that transition? I mean, I understand that this is a continuous dynamic, but when can investors expect for you to optimize that capacity mix?
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s a good question. And what inning are we in, it’s kind of hard to say, because we’re going to have to wait a little bit longer until we see the recovery out of COVID of all the representative markets. But it’s exactly the way we’re thinking about it, what you described, before we could have said, these markets will transition according to some game plan, these legacy markets will go out in five years or four years or whatever we were expecting, there is been some changes to that, because of COVID, we either have to know to get back on that curve or maybe that curve is a permanent downshift, and then we can transition with practice or making that investment. And I think the key point is that from our perspective in the industry, I think everybody’s going to have to go through this relative footprint. And we like our chances relative to that, we’re just telling you that we’ll probably be below art 6% to 8% range that we would have talk about in that Analyst Day, because of the impact of COVID.
Nikolav Todorov: Okay. And related to that, I think you guided to mass capacity exabytes growing that 35% to 40% for fiscal year 2021. I guess, are you willing to give us a number for total capacity for fiscal year 2021 growth, including legacy?
Dave Mosley: Yes. We’ve never really done that before. I mean, we’ve been very focused on the growth market of mass capacity, and now that it’s surpassed legacy significantly, I think that’s the growth drivers. The legacy markets, to be very frank, we’re still studying them, because like I said, things like consumer were maybe ahead of where we thought they would be because of COVID and other markets may be under represented.
Nikolav Todorov: Okay. And if I can just squeeze one more, you mentioned different demand profile by cloud customers. Can you maybe talk about that in terms of geography, particularly interested in hearing your take on the China cloud demand and maybe where is the volume in terms of capacity with those customers?
Dave Mosley: It’s a very complex question, it’s a very good question, it’s something that we struggle with as well, there is many different types of applications. There is not just one kind of cloud service provider, one kind of application, one kind of drive, if you will. So from our perspective, the investments that the cloud customers are making depend upon all these different strategies they might have, from our perspective, we had a great portfolio lineup, we can transition from products in our factory and from one customer to another, given enough lead time, and we have good relationships with all those customers. So I do think that there is some things in the cloud depending on where you are geographically, where there are logistics challenges to grow. I mean we said this a little bit last quarter, you can’t build data centers or you can’t get people on-prem to build them. So there are priorities being made for service level agreements, where people in the cloud may have real strain on them at the front end with compute or networking or something like that. And that may push off some of the mass capacity in install, we’re working with customers on that too. So we know the demand is coming, we just have to make sure we’re tight with the customers about what they need exactly.
Gianluca Romano: June quarter was a record quarter for cloud. September was not at the same level, but was very healthy, and we expect December quarter to be still very strong.
Nikolav Todorov: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no more questions, I’ll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jason. Seagate continues to execute well through the current business environment. We’re very encouraged by the improvements that we’re seeing in some of the end markets and then we expect gradual recovery throughout this fiscal year. Longer-term, we see no change to the secular growth in mass capacity data. And we’re very excited by the opportunities that we can foresee ahead. I’d like to once again thank all of our customers, suppliers, business partners and our employees for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks, everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining today’s call. That concludes the conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Dave Mosley - Chief Executive Officer Gianluca Romano - Chief Financial Officer Shanye Hudson - SVP, Investor Relations & Treasury
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Seagate Technology, Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jason and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, SVP, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and fiscal 2020 year end on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We have not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures, because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our September quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and information available to us as of today, should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. As always, following our prepared remarks we’ll open the call up for questions. I’ll now turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shanye. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us. I'll begin the call by summarizing our June quarter performance, given context for the current market environment and then share some perspectives on the longer term data trends before turning the call over to Gianluca to discuss details of our June quarter results and provide our outlook for the September quarter. Following the prepared remarks we will open the call for questions.  Results for the June quarter came in within our guided range amidst the deteriorating demand environment across several key end markets, coinciding with COVID-19 related economic [Technical Difficulty]. We delivered June quarter revenue of $2.52 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.20. We increased free cash flow by 5% sequentially to $274 million, over 80% of which we return to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, demonstrating our commitment to our capital return program.  I’ll address in a few moments why we see the impacts that developed in the June quarter continuing in the September quarter. I’ll also discuss why we remain confident that the company will emerge stronger from this current crisis.  It's only been a few months since COVID-19 was declared a pandemic; however, its impact on the macro economy and global society has been profound. Economists predict global GDP will sharply contract this year to levels we've not seen in six decades, which has wide reaching effects on how businesses are planning and investing near term.  Additionally, the restrictive measures and business closures have created emotional and financial hardships on people, communities and businesses. I'm proud of how our team has adapted quickly to this tough environment to continue serving our customers and partners, while also supporting our local communities and one another.  As a team, we've donated equipment and supplies to hospitals and health care workers, provided funding and support for food banks, schools and elderly care facilities. We’ve also leveraged our data science expertise to volunteer resources through our Data4Good program and have granted free access to our patent portfolio in support of the open COVID pledge to aid research efforts to diagnose, treat and ultimately prevent the virus.  For Seagate ensuring the protection and safety of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers remains our highest priority and is vital for the continuity of our business. At this point all of our manufacturing facilities are fully operational and we work through a majority of the supply chain and logistics challenges that we had faced early on, although there are cost implications that I will touch on later.  The impact on our customer base has been more varied across our end markets. The increase in remote work and education, as well as exploration of streaming video, online gaming and the rapid shift to public cloud drove ongoing data center investments by cloud service and content providers. These investments spurred strong demand for our nearline products in the June quarter, and we expect these trends to ultimately accelerate the transition to mass capacity storage.  Conversely, economic uncertainty and the extension of restrictive measures began playing out in other markets as the quarter progressed, causing smaller and midsized enterprise customers to scale back their IT budgets, municipalities to delay certain projects and consumers to spend more selectively. These macroeconomic factors ultimately impacted sales of our video and image applications, and led to a steeper than seasonal decline for our legacy products.  Amidst this overall environment, we're anticipating a continuation of these demand trends to impact our legacy markets in the September quarter. We will also continue absorbing meaningful cost to navigate the disruptions to normal business operations. These are factored into our guidance for the September quarter.  While there remains limited visibility near term, the underlying data demand trends have not changed. The rapid growth in data and race for businesses to extract value from that data is fueling need for more compute and mass storage. Accordingly, we believe current demand patterns will shift favorably as enterprises adjust to the new normal. In the meantime, we're being cautious and carefully managing our cash and expenses to maintain our strong financial foundation.  Seagate has a track record of being good stewards of cash and taking a disciplined approach to managing capital, while maintaining the health of our supply chains. We're focused on continuing that track record while staying true to our legacy or returning excess cash flow to our shareholders.  While, we've been focused on navigating the tough near-term business conditions, we also made important strides in fiscal year 2020 to place the company in excellent position to capitalize on the world's burgeoning growth of data that is driving secular demand for mass capacity storage and data management solutions. I'll highlight three key examples: First, despite tough business conditions we grew both revenue and exabyte shipments in fiscal year 2020, supported by strong demand for mass capacity storage. Revenue from the mass capacity markets increased 25% year-over-year with exabyte shipments up 57%.  Second, we continue to execute our technology roadmap. Our fiscal year performance underscores the success of our 16-terabyte nearline drives and launch of our common scalable platform. These drives are now used by the world's leading cloud and hyperscale names. We target achieving the same success with our 18-terabyte drives. This common platform approach helps to simplify the qualification process for our customers, while allowing Seagate to improve operational efficiency.  We began shipping 18-terabyte drives as part of our system solution in the March quarter, with shipments to select cloud customers and channel partners starting in the June quarter. We expect to begin ramping 18-terabyte drives within the calendar year, which aligns well with market readiness.  We remain on track to begin shipping our first commercially available HAMR drives in late 2020 on 20-terabyte capacities. HAMR technology will be the industry's path to achieving drive capacities of 30, 40, 50 terabytes and even higher. We plan to offer 20-terabyte HAMR drives to customers on a limited basis and is part of our system solution to collect production and field data.  Third, we announced Seagate Lyve drive, an integrated solution intended to help CIO's cost effectively move data from endpoints to edge to core, and we launched Lyve Labs, an innovation center to work collaboratively with customers on solutions through their data management challenges. These three accomplishments demonstrate that Seagate is firmly pointed toward capturing market opportunities that are emerging in an ever growing data world.  Earlier this month we launched the Rethink Data report, which is based on a survey commissioned with IDC of 1500 global enterprise business and IT leaders. The findings not only reinforce the massive growth in data, which the study predicts will grow at a compound rate of 42% over the next two years, but also reveals how data is being widely distributed across multiple data centers and cloud environments. We refer to this in the report as data sprawl.  With massive data growth and data sprawl, it comes as no surprise that data management is a top concern among respondents. The emerging role of DataOps organizations are intended to address the challenges of collecting, moving, storing and curating data securely across complex and disparate networks.  Through Seagate’s innovative technology roadmap and broad product portfolio, including our system solutions and evolving Lyve platform, we believe Seagate is the ideal mass storage partner for DataOps organizations.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our June quarter results, and share our outlook for the September quarter. 
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. The business environment in the June quarter remains highly dynamic, due to the effect of the pandemic. However, we are continuing to manage the business well while prioritizing the continuous safety of all our employees and meeting customer demand.  We continue to see strength and demand from cloud data center customers as they address the transition to a remote economy, and a migration to cloud services. But we saw weaker than expected demand in our other key end market, driven by economic uncertainties and business disruptions brought on by COVID-19.  Despite this near term challenges, revenue and EPS were still within our guided ranges and our June quarter performance compared favorably on a year-over-year basis, with revenue of $2.52 billion, up 6% year-over-year and down 7% sequentially.  Non-GAAP operating margin of 14.8%, up 160 basis points year-over-year and down 70 basis points sequentially, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.20 compared with $0.95 in the year ago period, a 26% increase year-over-year and down 13% quarter-over-quarter.  Additionally the resilience of our financial model and focus on operational efficiency, enable us to generate healthy free cash flow and strengthen our balance sheet. In the June quarter we shipped a total of 117 exabytes of hard disc drive capacity, 91 exabyte or the total was shipped into the mass capacity storage market increased sequentially and up from 52 exabyte in the year ago period representing very strong annual growth.  On a revenue basis, mass capacity storage represented 58% of June quarter revenue and about 63% of HDD revenue, up from 49% of the HDD revenue in the year ago period. Additionally, we achieved our second highest revenue quarter in mass capacity storage in June, driven by robust demand of our high capacity nearline drives, from a broadening base of cloud and hyperscale customers.  Nearline shipments increased to a record 80 exabytes with average capacity increasing to 10.8 terabytes per drive. Our performance was supported by strong demand for our 16 terabyte drives, which remains the company’s highest revenue product in the quarter.  Looking ahead to the September quarter, we expect tough demand from the OEM and enterprise markets as Dave outlined earlier, while cloud data center investment remain relatively healthy.  Accordingly we expect to see some moderation in overall demand, for our nearline products SAS [ph]. Over the long term we believe demand for mass capacity storage in the cloud and SDA’s will drive strong revenue growth for the nearline product.  Revenue for video and image application declined for the second consecutive quarter, primarily as a result of the holding health situation. While we saw indication early in the quarter, the demand condition while improving, we began seeing municipalities enforcing tighter restrictive measures and diverting from COVID-19 relief efforts, impacting the phase of a new security and smart video installation.  However, video and image application will remain a strong long term, secular growth driver. Nearly a third of Global Datasphere growth is projected to come from these and other applications, including data generated from security devices and IoT sensors using Smart City and Smart Factories worldwide.  The legacy markets represented 34% of total June quarter revenue, down from 36% in the March quarter. Exabyte shipments into this market declined 9% sequentially to 26 exabyte. The consumer and PC markets remain relatively soft during the quarter as anticipated, but a sharper slowdown in enterprise IT spending, particularly among small to medium enterprise customers resulted in weaker than expected demand, for our mission critical drives.  We currently expect enterprise IT spending to remain low over the next couple of quarters, which is also impacting demand recovery for our systems solution. Systems are including in our non-HDD business, which represented 8% of total June quarter revenue, up from 7% in the March quarter. In terms of absolute dollars, non-HDD revenue was flat quarter-over-quarter as higher demand for our enterprise class SSD offset the decline in systems.  To summarize, we sustained strong demand for our nearline product with a broadening of customers. However directing [ph] to the leader in image application in mission critical markets are being temporarily impacted by the pandemic and led to the sequential revenue decline in the June quarter.  Non-GAAP gross margin was 27.3% in the June quarter, down about 70 basis points sequentially due to lower contribution from the margin of each product that I just described, as well as higher COVID-19 related costs. This higher cost, include underutilization, logistics, workers safety and other labor related expenses, but negatively impacted June quarter gross margin by approximately 130 basis points.  As of today our factories are fully operational; however, we will continue to the monitor the current situation which remains fluid, even the major impact that the global pandemic is having on our industry which does incur elevated costs for at least the next couple of quarter.  Non-GAAP operating expenses were down 8% sequentially to $330 million and below our previous plan. In addition to lower expenses reflecting a full quarter impact of working from home, we also incurred a one-time saving primarily related to lower variable compensation and benefits.  Separately we announced a recession plan in early June to drive additional operational efficiency. We plan to invest most of the savings from this plan back into the business, while also lowering operating expenses by about $10 million per quarter relative to our pre-COVID level of approximately $350 million.  Non-GAAP operating income was $373 million and non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 14.8% of revenue was in line with our guidance expectation to remain in the upper half of our long term financial model range of 13% to 16% of revenue. Based on the share count of approximately 160 million share, non-GAAP EPS for the June quarter was $1.20, we estimate the total impact which we have from COVID-19 was between $0.25 and $0.30, which reflects lower revenue as well as higher cost I previously outlined.  We reduced capital expenditure by 12% sequentially to $114 million in the June quarter, consistent with our plan to align our capital needs with the current market environment. For the fiscal year, CapEx represented approximately 6% of total revenue.  Looking ahead, we believe it’s prudent to keep our investments around this level given the current market uncertainty over the next couple of quarters. We will continue to work closely with our customer and monitor business conditions as we process through the calendar year.  We remain focused on cash management and generated $274 million of free cash flow in the June quarter. We utilized $55 million to retire approximately 1.1 million ordinary share, exiting the quarter with $257 million shares outstanding. We used $168 million to fund our dividend and our Board also approved a quarterly dividend payment of $0.65 per share payable in October 7, 2020.  Our liquidity position remains strong, with cash and cash equivalent totaling $1.7 billion at the end of the quarter, and that steps us up to an additional $1.5 billion through our undrawn revolver.  Additionally, we found strength in our balance sheet by restructuring our debt profile in the June quarter to extend our average maturity level of about seven years and lower our average interest expense. As of the end of the quarter, gross debt was $4.2 billion with net debt of $2.5 billion. We now have only around 6% of principal debt coming due over the next two fiscal years.  Inventory remains relatively flat quarter-over-quarter at $1.1 billion. To better respond to current market condition we will continue to proactively build supply for some critical components to mitigate potential supply chain risk in the future and also plan to increase use of electronic space [ph] to offset some of the elevated freight challenges. This action would result in slightly higher inventory level.  As we enter the fiscal year 2021 the level of uncertainty remains high and we cannot predict the timing or shape of an economic recovery. We are now four weeks into the September quarter and the face of demand has been low, a similar pattern to what we saw in both the March and June quarter. We continue to foresee healthy cloud data center demand over the long term, but remain cautious and are now planning for our broader market demand to improve this quarter.  With this in mind, our guidance reflects a nice focused level of conservatives in our cash management and our production plan. We expect the following for the September quarter: Revenue to be $2.3 billion, plus or minus $200 million; non-GAAP operating margin, at or slightly below our long term range of 13% to 16% of revenue; and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.85, plus or minus $0.15.  In closing, Seagate is executing well during this period of unprecedented uncertainty. With our robust balance sheet and solid free cash flow generation, we believe Seagate is in a healthy position to navigate the current market, while continuing to capitalize on the attractive secular growth opportunities that will play out during this year.  I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks Gianluca. Looking ahead, the near term outlook is unclear. However, we will continue to execute on what is in our control. We have an agile business model, strong balance sheet and ample liquidity that we believe allows us to operate efficiently and intelligently through stressed business environments. We will manage our cash carefully, while maintaining our commitment to return at least 50% of our free cash flow to our shareholders.  As I covered at the top of the call, a bright spot through the course of this year has been the strong performance of our mass capacity portfolio. Mass capacity now represents 58% of the Seagate’s revenues up from 46% one year ago and 24% five years ago. This pivot has been intentional and has powered Seagate’s resilient performance through the first leg of this crisis.  Going forward, we remain confident that our strategic focus on mass capacity storage and data management solutions is the right one, and that long term trends tied to data growth will continue to drive secular demand for these products, both in the cloud environment and at the edge.  We anticipate demand across our end markets to improve within the next six months and currently model revenue to be fairly flat in fiscal year 2021, supported by the strength of our mass capacity product portfolio. Reiterating the outlook we provided at our Analyst event last year, we believe the mass capacity storage stand will nearly double over the next five years, growing from approximately $12.5 billion in the last 12 month period to around $24 billion by calendar year 2025.  The innovation of our technology roadmap and product pipeline makes Seagate well positioned to capture these opportunities, grow revenue and drive strong free cash flow over time. While the mass capacity opportunity alone is sufficient to drive solid growth of this medium term horizon, it's worth noting that we also expect edge, data opportunities and legacy markets to meaningfully contribute to the revenue and cash flows as well.  Prior to opening the call for questions, I want to briefly address the important movement underway to finally drive much needed racial injustice reforms. As a company guided by the core values of innovation, integrity and inclusion, this is a vital moment for us to set a leading example with all of our stakeholders. We acknowledge that we do not have all the answers, but we are committed to taking this opportunity to look inward and create positive change across our global organization.  We have already taken actions to raise awareness, open lines of communication, expand our training and further our inclusion efforts. Inclusion is foundational to our success and extends beyond our employee base, and I'm looking forward to this opportunity to make Seagate even stronger. My confidence in Seagate’s potential is reinforced by the determination of our people, the support of our diverse supplier based and the strength of our relationships with partners and customers.  With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon. I think I heard Gianluca say that you expect moderating growth in nearline in the September quarter. If that's right, how should we think about the sequential drop in nearline exabyte shipments and as a follow-on to that, is there any visibility at this point into whether there would be a recovery of exabyte shipments going into the December quarter? 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, hey Katy. I think we've been unfair, of course year-over-year we talk about 57% growth in exabytes. As far as I can see, the period that’s going on, we continue see large growth and Gianluca can quantify it from here, but from my perspective this digestion period that people have been talking about is really quite different. It's more of a race to get things online and that's what we see. So there's a fairly strong demand. We expected that strength is going to continue up throughout the rest of the fiscal year. We don't really have visibility into the customer's inventory levels, but believe any disruptions are just very temporary, at least the cloud service providers.  More of the thing that have affected nearline all in was a smaller portion of the nearline, which is the, I’ll call it on-prem enterprise. So that's the small-medium business enterprises that’s – you know the impact is and we're expecting that to slightly recover or start its recovery, but some of that was just because in Q4 and going into Q1 small medium businesses are not really registering very much.  So over the long term, there's big data growth trends. Even in on-prem where people aren't necessarily buying right now, there is anecdotal evidence that the utilization rates are going up of the capacity. So date is growing everywhere, but that on-prem parts a watch right now and we do expect some recovery over time. I don't think you should take away from our comments that cloud is you know softening or anything else. If anything, cloud is racing to get everything online to meet their service level agreements. Sorry, Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, I would say first of all we had a record quarter in Q4, which is a very high starting point in terms of no Exabyte volume. What we said in that safety is, we will not see the same level in FQ1 – we don’t expect to see the same level in FQ1, but over the long term, for sure we expect this need for data to be there and to continue to drive this secular growth, and so we're very confident with the long term situation and even Q1 maybe is not to the level of Q4, but it doesn't mean that it’s a very low level for support. 
Katy Huberty: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is open. 
Patrick Ho : Thank you very much. Maybe Dave, as a follow-up to Katie's question regarding nearline drive and the demand trends, you know just given that overall data center and cloud spending does remain healthy right now, what's the timing between purchases of drives versus say servers and memory products that are seeing strong demand. Is there a little bit of a lag time when storage purchases are made you know after those server buys are completed? 
Dave Mosley: It's a very interesting question. I think back to my point about digestion period, to expand on that whole topic Patrick, you know the past digestion periods might have been more around storage optimization of software in the data center and things like that.  I think right now to your point, in order to meet the service level agreements, because everything's been pushed into the cloud, the cloud service providers generally have really tough challenges responding on all fronts with whether its network gear or you know servers to meet compute requirements, you know for people that are using the compute aspect.  And then I think storage does lag that a little bit, but the data is growing as well very quickly in those service level agreements. And so generally speaking, I think there's a race to get everything online. It's not really a typical digestion period, you know characterized by software.  And you know I think this push that you've seen from the client’s server models, quickly into the cloud models is ultimately good for mass capacity. It's just we have to you know back to the answer to Katie's question, we have to make sure that we're satisfying this demand as it's growing very quickly and then you know make sure that we are patient with the on-prem demand, because the on-prem right now is kind of stagnating. 
Patrick Ho : Great! Maybe as a quick follow-up, you talked about the release and the introduction of the 18 terabyte drive and the common platform, which is very beneficial for a lot of your customers that are already on the 16 terabyte platform. How do you drive “new customer wins” and continue to share gains that you've achieved over the past year with the 16 terabyte as you move to 18 terabytes? 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks. I mean we think about serving the customers and what they need, so you know for those customers that are still maybe ramping 16’s and not buying 18’s yet, we’ll continue renting them on 16’s. Some people want to make the transition and I think we're ready to go. So we have a lot of confidence in that platform now, because you know we're deep into the platform, but we can also change – make the necessary changes that we want, which are fairly minor to get to 18 terabytes. And remember that this same platform allows us to go back down to 12 and 14 and all the other things. That’s one of the reasons we drove it so hard. You know I think the pipelines around all those products relative to customer qualification and availability are quite good. We have great dialogues with the customers and when they want to pivot, we’ll pivot. 
A - Gianluca Romano: Yeah, I would add to that. Now we manage the business for the long term not really focusing on the short term market share. The market share is an outcome of our good products and how we’ve managed the business, but it’s not like it’s you know our top focus for the short term. We always focused on free cash flow as Dave was saying before and profitability.
Dave Mosley: One other thing we said in the prepared remarks to take you back about four quarters or so is you know in a time like this you make sure that you watch your cash really carefully and that means, you know we watch – what I've learned over time is watch production. So don't build in anticipation that some of those things stay really tight with your customers and build exactly what they need. I think that's the best way for us to watch our cash and that’s what we’ll continue to do. 
Patrick Ho : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah, your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking the question. Hey Dave, Gianluca just to start a clarification or I guess maybe just a little bit more on what you're expecting you know sort of demand wise as we go to fiscal ’21. On nearline hyperscale, do you think that we've reached the peak exabyte ships in the June quarter or as you said, the digestion period and do you think we could you know sort of rework back and get a hold of them 80 over the next few quarters.  And David, it feels like maybe that has to happen to be able to hit flat growth given the September quarter guidance. And then also along with that, any detail or any context in that flat outlook how you're expecting or sort of accounting for on-prem to bounce back as well and then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
A - Dave Mosley: Yeah, that's good. I think it is a question between on-prem. If you break down nearline between cloud service providers, which I said was a little bit more than 50% and that changes quarter-over-quarter, and then you have the rest of nearline, which is on-prem. I think on-prem is the thing to really watch. The near term’s you know fairly uncertain like we talked about and we do need the on-prem to come back. It will and that's my point about utilization levels.  I think as far as the data everywhere is growing very healthy and you know the demand for data is exploding with all the IOT and smart cities and autonomous vehicles and all that stuff is going on, and to take advantage of that, the cloud service provider is going to have to put a lot of stuff online. I think there's also a lot of on-prem opportunities. For long term we feel more certain, but it’s this near term period of you know small-medium businesses. People can't get in or even if they can, they've got other priorities right now that we've got to just get through that period. 
Ananda Baruah: And Dave, to hit that – sorry Gianluca, go ahead.
Gianluca Romano: You were asking about another, a little bit of longer term outlook and in the prepared remarks we are seeing that for fiscal year ’21. We are looking right now at the revenue which is you know fairly flat, we have this fiscal year ’20. Of course there is an impact from the COVID situation, so our assumption is based on an impact from COVID that will start to decline in the next few months, but now we are still very, very confident in Seagate’s outlook over fiscal year ‘21 and impact on the long term. 
Ananda Baruah: And do you think nearline – just as you say nearline, overall do you think it reaches, it gets above 80. Does it need to get above 80 as we go through the fiscal year to hit that flat revenue outlook?
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think the other mass capacity markets like surveillance and NAS, they come back on and they start moving to higher and higher capacity points. I think you'll see the expert growth. So we need those more on-prem type of mass capacity applications, you know on-prem, you know I'll say private data center applications, we need those to grow in exabytes and come back, but again we think that'll happen and when you'll see Exabyte growth. 
Ananda Baruah: Got it, got it. Great! Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross from Cross Research. Your line is open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. I was curious on cash flow. You talked about some insight to the flat revenue for next year. How should we think about cash flow opportunity to drive maybe some working capital improvement? Thank you. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shannon, I’ll let Gianluca answer this, but loosely speaking, we have quite a few levers to pull you know should we need to and from my perspective, cash flow is exactly what we’re driving right now. As the metric we're watching our cash very carefully. Like I said before, not bringing on too much inventory, although we do have to make sure that we cover you know potential factories being down. That's the reality of where we were last quarter and it may still happen again.  So we have a little bit more inventory, but we're going to watch our cash very carefully and not overbuild. Make sure that we're running things the right way. We're still making investments in ourselves and we’re still bringing in quite a bit of capital as we did last quarter, but I’ll let Gianluca talk about the portfolio.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, completely agree. No, we have generated a very strong free cash flow in fiscal year ‘20 and we said we are expecting a revenue that is comparable and probably the free cash flow will also be compatible. CapEx we are investing for the gross that we’re expecting in the long term. But in general no, I would say free cash flow could be fairly similar year-over-year.  We have in terms of shareholder record, you know we have a commitment to recover at least 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders and this is done in the form of dividend and the form of share buyback. So we will continue with this policy and we expect another very strong year in terms of free cash flow. 
A - Dave Mosley: Yeah, and we don't look at it as a tactical discussion either. It's more it will manage the cash tactically, but the shareholder return is more long term, that's who we want to be. 
Shannon Cross: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open. 
Kevin Cassidy : Thanks for taking my question. On the video and image business and applications, can you say is it all COVID related that they are not being deployed and is there a build-up of maybe some, you know some anticipated deployments, so that as soon as COVID is released or there is a virus immunity, are you expecting a surge in that business or is it going to be more gradual?
Dave Mosley: It is a really interesting space to watch I think Kevin. So loosely speaking, you know these are on-prem applications and people just couldn't get on-prem, and even if you could, sometimes there was nobody else there to be on-prem to surveil or whatever you would say right.  So you know it's not surprising to see that these markets were down. They are starting back up again, sputtering the start, but you know starting back up again. We believe long term that these products are actually quite strong, because of smart cities and smart factories and smart hospitals and you know so we believe these on-prem applications will come back fairly strongly. You know timing is everything and we believe we have the best product portfolio to go satisfy that. It'll probably grow in capacity points, so to one of the earlier questions, there's more exabytes coming this way.  So you know the trend that we saw in the last couple of quarters with surveillance in particular being so far down is not going to continue. We think it'll start ticking back up. There's some early indications this quarter that it's back coming back to life and it's geographically very dispersed. Of course there's lots of different regions of the world where people are going to be doing the spending, but you know that's what we see. It should start to improve quarter-over-quarter this quarter. Don't know how fast it will prove improve into Q2, but it's certainly a market that long term we’re watching. 
Kevin Cassidy : Okay, thanks. And just for a little more detail, what's the drive capacity for those systems? 
Dave Mosley: Typically in the past it's been 4 terabytes, now it's going up to 6 and 8 terabytes and so you know that happens as a function of these technology transitions. So all the while that the markets are going through what the markets are, there's a March toward higher and higher capacity points, because there's more value in those drives up in the edge. 
Kevin Cassidy : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is open. 
Steven Fox : Thanks, good afternoon. I have two questions if I could. The first one is, you touched on some of this, but I was wondering, Dave when you talk about getting the flat revenues for the full fiscal year, you start off in about a $300 million hold and you talked about some pressures that you know in the back half the year could still be there. So how do you map out sort of a recovery, so that the full year is roughly flattish? And then as the second question, going back to the COVID related costs that hurt the gross margins by 70 bips, what surprised you most in the quarter that you weren’t prepared for and the underutilization have anything to do with just the missed top line or is that related to specific manufacturing issues. Thanks. 
Dave Mosley: Steven, I’ll let Gianluca take the latter part first.
Gianluca Romano: So in general for the impact of COVID in the quarter, we had 130 basis points which is only related to the direct cost. It’s not related to the lower revenue that was actually not generated and impacted by COVID. So in the script we said the direct cost, about $35 million of the 130 basis points and then we also said, when you look at EPS, you have a second impact and the second impact is related to the lower revenue and of course the margin of those revenue and with 25 for total EPS impact of between $0.25 and $0.30. So as the level of EPS you have now a fairly huge impact in the quarter from COVID.  In the prior quarter we had additional costs that were little lower but, but still estimate again about $25 million. We didn’t have a lot of revenue impact. We probably had you know some impact on the legacy part of the business, but cloud was probably offsetting that reduction  In fiscal Q4, compared to what we were expecting, both nearline came out at a level we were expecting, but we had some impact on the legacy business and also on surveillance. So overall we lost some EPS because of the lower revenue. 
Dave Mosley: And I’d say you know to your questions Steven about the longer term going out throughout the fiscal year, you know some of the legacy markets have been very slow of late. We don't anticipate. There’s some natural decline year-over-year because they are by nature legacy, we are not investing them and we are you know watching them develop. But I think some of them are temporarily down and they'll come back to some level previous.  It’s a good business for us with you know good free cash flow and minimal incremental investment, so we have to go make, so you'll watch that and some of them have already shifted the flash like notebook and gaming and things like that, but you know there's things like mission critical which we expect to come back to some level.  The other part of I’ll call it on-prem that we talked about before, on-prem nearline has actually been fairly slow as well. Satisfied via some of the same channels that we have, but that will come back, because data is growing at the edge and in private data centers and things like that.  So you know there's this enormous shift in locality going on between client server business and cloud business. It doesn't mean all client servers gone. It's just some of this is on temporary hiatus and that's where we're expecting to recover somewhat if you will to make up, you know the fiscal year guide. 
Steven Fox : Great. That's really helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, hi guys. Thank you for taking the question. This is Michael on for Aaron. I just had a quick one on pricing. Could you guys comment a little bit on what you saw in the pricing environment, particularly on the mass capacity side and then I'm just curious how you're thinking about that going into the back half of the year as one of your big competitors start off against the ramp 18 terabyte? Thank you. 
Dave Mosley: Yes, as far as what we saw it in the rearview mirror, I think that getting the right supplies to the right places. We have a long plan. We’ve talked about this with our 16 terabytes. You know big volumes for most of the mass capacity people. I don’t think prices were unpredictable by any means for us. I mean they were fairly predictable.  I do think that you know out in some of the distribution channels, where the supply-demand picture isn't so clear. Now early on there was some supply gaps, later on there were some demand – there were demand promises, on-prem enterprises, especially in smaller distribution markets. I think that's where you can see a lot of dynamics. From our perspective that should stabilize pretty quickly, because you know supply is there, so. 
Gianluca Romano: I would say, yeah, frequent to a couple of quarter ago for sure there, the pricing environment is more stable. So it’s a better situation right now. 
Unidentified Analyst : Perfect, thanks. And one more if I could, just on the OpEx, given that you guys outperformed during the current quarter. How should we think about OpEx in the September quarter relative to June and then also kind of the $340 million level that you had communicated previously? Thanks. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, so what we were saying in the script is longer term. Probably you want to model around $340 million, this is probably now after a COVID impact and when people will not be obliged to work from home. For the September quarter, it will be probably in the mid between what we reported for FQ4 and this long term view. 
Dave Mosley: I think there’s two elements. Obviously there's some things that you save money on in the current work environment and then the other thing is that there's a very tight cash management, like you know investments are really being scaled back for us right now. And so I think it should reequilibrate like Gianluca said to about that $340 million level, that’s the way we should think about it longer term. 
Unidentified Analyst : Alright, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess my first question is on gross margins, both short term and long term. So I guess short term, can you walk through what you're seeing in terms of under absorption COVID related costs and perhaps competitive pressure as you look at September quarter. And then longer term, this is not easy stuff to make, and you know there’s three players. This should be a 40%-plus gross margin business.  So as you think about that, I’m assuming you agree with that assessment, you know what gets you there. Is it volumes, it is higher price points on next generation technologies. What keeps the earnings power of the industry to the level that is consistent with the technology being profited? 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I’ll let Gianluca walk you through the details of the gross margin impacts last quarter, but to your point, you know actually where the quarter ended up last quarter, we feel pretty good about our gross margin. Our operating profit was above the midpoint of the range, it was about 14.8%.  Gross margins, you know had we not had some of the COVID impacts which you know Gianluca can walk through what they were, then we probably would have been in the gross margin range as well.  To your point, the supply demand balance is you know usually the way I answer that question. Demand for exabytes will continue to grow and we have put capacity online to go get that. In times like this we were actually putting capacity online for growth in exabytes and we've got a temporary role in some of the legacy markets right now, so we have excess capacity. So that’s not a long term trend, that’s a short term trend. But to your point you know managing supply and demand properly is the way that you add that value.  Go ahead Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, for the June quarter we said the COVID related impact in terms of gross margin percent was 130 basis point. So if we look at where we closed the quarter at 27.3%, you add the 130 basis points, we have 28.3%. As you know, they add this part of the business as a gross margin, but it’s a little higher than the full corporation. So I will say, you know as Dave said before, we are close to the normal or assume range of 29% to 33%. For the September quarter we have said the COVID cost to be fairly flat sequentially, so well probably more the same level of cost. 
C.J. Muse: Thank you. If I could add one quick follow-up, can you help modeling with stock based comp interest expense and tax rate? Thank you. 
Gianluca Romano: Sorry, can you repeat the question. 
C.J. Muse: As you look at September, can you help us model the interest expense, stock based comp and the tax rate? 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, I would say stock based comp is a little bit lower than $30 million and the tax rate is mid-single digit and the interest are very similar to the FQ4, so you can just take that as a reference. 
C.J. Muse: Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Yeah sorry C.J., one other point is just to make sure that when you read through this, from a gross margin percentage perspective we're not really running the business like that right now, so if we see deals or cash we’ll take it. And we were able to increase free cash flow by 5% last quarter which is ultimately our focus. Just you know some of the legacy businesses might recover faster, you know even if it's not great gross margin percentage, we’ll take the cash. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open. 
Karl Ackerman : Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. First of all, I want to get your longer term view on not just the mix of your hard drive units between enterprise, non-enterprise, but also the absolute level of units for the industry. You know I know you and peers have issued units over exabytes for some time, but your capital expansion plans factor a resumption of unit growth over the next several quarters. I ask because the last restructuring action taken by the industry was contemplated in late 2018 when the hard drive cam was analyzing near 400 million units. In Q2 that number appears closer to 240.  Now clearly COVID has majorly disrupted the supply chain and demand as you described. But I guess how do you think about the capital allocation in OpEx longer term as it relates to stable or most likely improving hard drive volumes and the mix towards nearline. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think from a space perspective, if I can think there first, I think we have plenty of space. What's settled underneath this is obviously the nearline drives have a lot more heads and disks, and so the heads and disk space is full.  The number of drives we make is actually not so relevant in the space that we have. I mean we – you know our manufacturing line footprints are pretty small. So we could pivot up in the number of drivers if we had to exactly as your point. I don't know if we could cut a lot of space if we had fewer, necessarily fewer drives. It depends on how many fewer, of course, but you know – and from our perspective almost all of our CapEx is really been pointed at that exabyte growth that we're expecting in the cloud.  You believe $24 billion of TAM up 20.25, we got to get the right capacity online that looks like heads and disk and that’s what the way we are filling thing up, and using our capital for that as well.  I think one other point is even the big drives – in the old days you know you had a test floor and a clear room. Today you have 10 test floors and a clear room. The test is actually the thing that’s consuming most of the space and most of the capital and that’s all associated with nearline as well and mass capacity as well. 
Karl Ackerman : Very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Toshiya Hari: Good afternoon and thank you very much for taking the question. Gianluca, I just wanted to go back to gross margin. You talked about there being a 130 basis point impact from COVID in the quarter. I was curious on what level of impact was initially embedded in your thought process when you gave guidance three months ago.  And I guess importantly, I guess in responses to C.J.’s question you mentioned that you expect relatively flattish COVID impact in the September quarter, but at what point do you think at least some of the underutilization rate, headwinds started to abate in your business and I've got a quick follow up? Thank you. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah in the guidance we included, the COVID impact is slightly above what we had in the prior quarters, so let’s say between $25 million and $30 million. So not very far from where we ended up. And yes for September, we expect the cost to be very similar, either full quarter impact and so we expect more or less the same amount.  We don’t know exactly when this will end and what we have modeled internally is COVID to continue to have an heavy impact in FQ1 and FQ2 and no margin in the second part of the fiscal year, but of course this is a model and we do not what exactly what will happen. So there is an impact also in the demand, not only on the cost.  Well the other part of it is maybe even more important at this point is demand and the impact on our mix. So overall you need to look at the cost and the demand and the final EPS impact. For the FQ4 we have estimated that overall impact would be you know between $0.25 and $0.30. That is a huge impact when you consider our EPS results for the quarter. 
Dave Mosley: And it kind of points to the products, especially the on-prem enterprise products, nearline  mission critical and some of the surveillance. That mix is fairly rich. It has the media rich and actually these are tough drives to make as well, so that would have been accretive to gross margin I think is the point. 
Gianluca Romano: It’s very hard to estimate. It’s very hard but also we – I’ll tell you what, in our model we don’t pretend to be correct. 
Toshiya Hari: Got it. No, that’s super helpful, thanks for color. And then as a quick follow-up, this one is probably for Dave. I think historically you guys have talked about a 35% CAGR in terms of exabytes for your mass capacity business. Obviously you grew significantly north of that in fiscal 2020. Within the context of the flattish revenue outlook you provided for fiscal ‘21, are you expecting exabytes and mass capacity to be sort of consistent with that 35% or given the out performance in fiscal ‘20 should we be prepared for a slightly slower growth rate. What are your thoughts today based on your customer conversations? Thank you. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks Toshiya. I think it will probably be above the 35% to 40%. I mean and certainly in calendar year ’20 we said that we expect it to be greater than that and we call that the slow part even with the mass capacity, then that will still be – you know that’s the front end of the year. I think as we come out of the back of this, I think it will, the exabytes will accelerate as well, so this is why you know we made this pivot. I think it kind of proves that it is the right pivot of our portfolio is why we you know want to get this – our product lines really tight and very manufacturers will be flexible and hit the right margins. So you know to your point, I think we’ll start with the 35% to 40% certainly in calendar year ’20 and probably up throughout the fiscal year.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Dustin Scaringe from Robert Baird. Your line is open. 
Dustin Scaringe: Hi! Thanks for taking the question right at the end. This is Dustin speaking for Tristan. Just a quick one on the 18 terabytes. I know you guys talked about ramping it in the later part of this year. But I'm wondering at what point does 18 crossover 16 in the future and then do you expect to gain market share until then? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes it's an interesting question Dustin. I’m not being cavalier with it, but I’ll say we’ll crossover when we're ready and when the customers are ready and I think you know when we have such high volume on the 16’s and people are demanding the 16’s, I think we have to be careful to make sure that we don't again build the wrong product at the wrong time for people.  We can transition to the 18’s fairly quickly. I think we do need some lead time, because that’s had the media start and whatnot, but I think we have great relationships with the big customers that would be demanding that. They are – you know we're locked step with them on what those transitions would look like and I have a lot of confidence in the drive.  I don't think it's going to be the significant revenue contributor certainly in the next two quarters, you know like we said before, but we can transition whenever the customers are ready and we’ll take their cue on it. 
Dustin Scaringe: Okay, thanks for that Dave. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Dave Mosley : Yeah, thanks Jason. I'd like to take an opportunity to just thank our customers and suppliers, employees and investors for their support of Seagate and we look forward to updating you on future calls. Thanks everyone. 
Operator: That concludes today’s confine call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jason and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our March 2020 quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We have not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures, because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our June quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities, possible effects of the economic conditions worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. With that, I will turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I would typically start the call by sharing highlights from the quarter. However, we are living in an extraordinary time shaped by the coronavirus outbreak. Therefore, I would like to take a moment to send our thoughts to those affected by the virus and recognize the healthcare professionals and other workers who are selflessly supporting our communities through this crisis. For Seagate, the health and well-being of our employees, customers and suppliers have always been the top priority. Throughout this crisis, we have taken decisive actions to safeguard our global workforce and maintain continuity of the business to support our customers. In this period of unprecedented uncertainty, the Seagate teams performed very well. We delivered March quarter revenue and non-GAAP EPS above the midpoint of our guided ranges supported by record sales of our nearline products and strong cost discipline and we also continued to generate healthy free cash flow. In January, before our last earnings call, we mobilized our global enterprise crisis team and immediately put strong protective measures in place. This cross-organizational team has been very effective in identifying issues, developing protocols and mitigating risks which has enabled Seagate to rapidly deploy site-specific learnings and best practices across our entire global footprint and share them with our partners and suppliers. In addition to health and safety concerns, this very dynamic situation has caused disruptions in our supply chain and those of our manufacturing partners and our customers as they also adapt to rapid shifts in demand. Our teams acted with speed and agility to tackle a wide range of operational challenges from securing parts to produce our drives, obtaining materials to package them and addressing logistics challenges to shift finished goods in order to support customer demand in the March quarter. As the situation evolved, more governments began instituting measures to prevent the virus’ spread, including limiting the movement of people and restricting business operations. We continue to comply with government rules and guidelines across all of our sites. All of our manufacturing facilities are operating in compliance with local government regulations. Our R&D organizations are able to continue their efforts through a combination of telework and skeleton support staff in our labs. Today, our supply chain in certain parts of the world, are almost fully recovered, including China, Taiwan and South Korea and we see indications for conditions to begin improving in other regions of the world. We are engaging with our suppliers and manufacturing partners on a daily basis and we will continue to take action to mitigate supply risks, including building inventory levels on critical components, supplementing our own supply with external sources where possible, and utilizing external labor resources to support our workforce needs. Based on our current assumptions, we do expect some supply related impact in the June quarter. The demand environment was equally dynamic. At the surface, the quarter played out largely as expected with the seasonal slowdown in the consumer-facing legacy markets offset by growing demand for mass capacity storage, supporting cloud and data center growth. However, the underlying drivers and customer buying patterns were shaped more by the onset of the coronavirus outbreak rather than any historical trend. Looking at the markets, Seagate’s third quarter revenue from mass capacity storage increased 18% quarter-over-quarter and 68% year-over-year supported by record sales of our nearline products. Demand from cloud and hyperscale customers was strong and accelerated towards the end of the quarter due in part to the overnight rise in data consumption driven by the remote economy brought on by the pandemic. In this remote model work moves from the office to our homes, education shifts from onsite to online and entertainment is delivered at high bandwidth digitally to our living rooms. With millions of people simultaneously adopting these changes, endpoint devices such as mobile phones and laptops are overwhelming the edge of the network. This is a real-time example of what we have referred to as IT 4.0, the move of data to the edge. To address latency and bandwidth issues compute and storage infrastructure is required at the edge. A recent post by a leading U.S. hyperscale company further supports this view speaking of plans to rapidly deploy new capacity in order to address the increase in global demand, while also encouraging customers to seek solutions at the regional level to address their specific requirements closer to their needs at the edge. We believe these trends drove a broadening of cloud customer demand for our nearline products towards the end of the quarter, which has continued into the June quarter. The strength in nearline demand more than offset below seasonal sales for video and image applications such as smart cities, safety and surveillance as COVID-19 related disruptions impacted sales early in the quarter. More positively within these applications, average capacity per drive increased to over 4 terabytes in the March quarter. Consistent with our expectations for both average capacity and total exabytes to increase with the advent of high definition video and the desire to maintain more data for longer periods of time at the edge, we have also spoken of the long-term demand drivers associated with the advent of IT 4.0 and adoption of video and image sensors to support new applications. One such example surfaced over the last couple of months is healthcare workers and municipalities employed biometrics sensors as a protective screening measure against the virus. As a matter of fact, Seagate used the same technology to help protect our own employees. These applications combined with the transition to higher capacity drives create meaningful growth opportunities for our mass capacity storage solutions in this market over the long-term. Finally, let me touch on legacy markets which encompass the consumer electronic space, desktop and notebook PCs and performance mission-critical applications. March is typically a slower demand quarter for these markets following the holiday rush and Chinese New Year. With the consumer markets among the first to get impacted by the onset of the coronavirus, we saw greater than expected revenue declines for our consumer and desktop PC drives. While we see pockets of healthy demand in certain markets and are starting to see improvements across our supply chain, the full extent of the COVID-19 related impacts to the broader economy and associated impact to our market and business operations are yet unknown. Recovery will likely be dictated by the duration of the outbreak, timing of containment and duration of restrictive measures. Given the fluidity of the situation, we are not going to provide a detailed view for the second half of the calendar year at this time. For Seagate, we stand on solid financial footing with a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and exposure to secular growth trends that are tied to the world’s insatiable demand for data and the need for mass capacity storage and data management solutions. We continue to advance our technology and execute our product roadmap to address that need. Our 16 terabyte high capacity drives continued to successfully ramp to meet customer demand with exabyte and unit volume shipments more than doubling quarter-over-quarter. We remain on track with our 18 terabyte plans and began shipping in limited quantities to select customers as part of our system solution, because the 18-terabyte drives employ the same architectures the 16th, they can be deployed quickly and seamlessly in our systems providing customers with the storage building block of up to 1.9-petabytes at a very attractive price per petabytes in the industry. Last quarter, I spoke of Seagate Lyve Drive a series of seamlessly integrated storage solutions to cost effectively move data between endpoints, edge and core cloud environments. Our systems will play an integral part of Seagate’s data management solution platform, particularly for enterprise customers as they move to a hybrid cloud approach for their workloads. This quarter we introduced Seagate Lyve Labs, which is a collaborative platform intended to help our enterprise customers and partners develop data management solutions tailored to their future workload requirements. While still in its infancy, this program has garnered tremendous feedback from customers and I’m incredibly excited by our early engagements. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our March quarter results and share our outlook for the June quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate has demonstrated its ability to adapt quickly to a changing market conditions. Over the past year, we’ve successfully managed the business so hyperscale digestion period, geopolitical challenges and macroeconomic uncertainty. All the while, we maintain our focus and discipline on managing expenses, optimizing profitability and generating strong free cash flow. The March quarter represented one of the most challenging operating environment and we continue to deliver toward the financial performance consistent with these objectives. We have achieved revenue of $2.72 billion, up 1% sequentially and up 18% year-over-year, non-GAAP operating margin of 15.5%, relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, and up 282 basis points year-over-year and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.38, up 2% sequentially and 49% year-over-year. We also generated solid free cash flow, maintain a strong balance sheet and believe our liquidity and financial flexibility will continue to meet the need of the business and our dividend and opportunistically retire shares. Our operational execution was equally solid as we shipped 120-exabyte of HDD capacity, an increase of 12% quarter-over-quarter. Additionally, average capacity per drive topped 4-terabytes, a 26% jump from last quarter and nearly 70% from the prior-year period, reflecting the ongoing shift toward mass capacity storage in the cloud and at the edge. In the March quarter, mass capacity storage increased to 57% of total revenue and represented 62% of total HDD revenue. These figures are up from 49% and 53%, respectively in the December quarter. Exabyte shipments into the mass capacity storage market increased 28% sequentially top a record level of 91 exabyte. With strong sequential growth was underpinned by demand for nearline drives, attributed primarily to cloud and hyperscale customers. Revenue from 16-terabyte nearline drive more than doubled quarter-over-quarter, reflecting the strong momentum we see for these products. Total nearline shipments increased to 76-exabyte with an average capacity of nearly 10-terabytes per drive another new record. Looking ahead to the June quarter, we see similar demand trends among global cloud and hyperscale customers and believe investments level will remain generally aligned with each customer ramps cycle. Following a very strong December quarter revenue from video and image application was down double-digit sequentially, while still up on a year-over-year basis. COVID-19 related disruption exacerbated the anticipated seasonal slowdown in the March quarter. We’ve already started to see some demand improvement in certain Asia markets and expect revenue to normalize when the pandemic impact abates on a global basis. Revenue contribution from the legacy market decreased to 36% of March quarter revenue, down from 43% in the December quarter as initial virus outbreak and extending Chinese New Year impacting demand for consumer electronics. Exabyte shipments into this market declined 18% sequentially to 29 exabytes. For Seagate, the impact was most pronounced in our consumer in desktop PC drive where we have the greatest exposure. Conversely mission critical sales were in line with our expectation. Following the typical seasonal patterns for the quarter, mission-critical revenue and exabyte shipments declined quarter-over-quarter. However, both were up on a year-over-year basis supporting our view for a long demand tail. The remaining 7% of March quarter revenue was derived from our non-HDD business, which was down 10% sequentially. The majority of the decline is attributed to our system business and COVID-19 related supply constraints, as our manufacturing partners were impacted by factory shutdowns and labor shortages. Looking ahead to the June quarter, we are seeing an improvement in the supply condition, particularly among our OEM partners. However, it will take a couple of quarters to fully recover. Longer term, we anticipate a meaningful growth opportunities with our system solution, driven by increasing demand for data at the edge and the adoption of private cloud. Non-GAAP gross margin declined 67 basis points to 28%, which includes an approximate 100 basis point impact from higher logistic, underutilization and operational cost associated with COVID-19 disruption. On a sequential basis, the increased contribution from mass capacity drives offset these higher costs resulting in relatively flat HDD margin. However, our non-HDD business were also impacted by COVID-19 related challenges and weighed down the gross margin at a corporate level. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $340 million, down 3% sequentially and slightly below our prior estimates, reflecting lower travel and other business expenses following the COVID-19 outbreak. We are actively working on opportunities to lower our cost structure and drive further operational efficiencies. Through the combination of stable gross margin and controlled spending, we delivered non-GAAP operating income of $422 million and adjusted EBITDA above $500 million. This translates to a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 15.5% of revenue, which is at the upper end of our long-term financial model range. Based on the share count of approximately 263 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the March quarter was a $1.38 above our guidance midpoint. Capital expenditures were $130 million in the March quarter, reflecting our confidence in the business and flexibility to align our capital needs with market condition. Yesterday, we have invested approximately 6% of revenue. Based on our current outlook, we would expect fiscal year CapEx to be at or slightly below the low end of our target range of between 6% and 8% of revenue. We generated free cash flow of $260 million in the March quarter and continue to deploy capital to reward shareholders through our long-standing capital return program, demonstrating our confidence and in sustainable free cash flow generation. We utilized $195 million to retire approximately 4 million ordinary shares exiting the quarter with 257 million shares outstanding and we use $170 million to fund our dividend. Our board also approved the quarterly dividend payment of $0.65 per share payable on July 8, 2020. We remain committed to our capital strategy of investing in our business first then finding our dividend and opportunistically retiring shares, our robust balance sheet and liquidity as a foundation of our financial strength. As of the end of the quarter, cash and cash equivalents were $1.6 billion and we have access to up to an additional $1.5 billion through our revolver. Gross debt was $4.1 billion with net debt of $2.5 billion, both fairly flat with the prior quarter. Our debt portfolio has a staggered maturity with less than 13% of the balance coming due within the next two fiscal years. Total inventory declined likely to $1.1 billion as we support strong demand for nearline products, while proactively building inventory for some critical components to better manage to the current market environment. Looking ahead to our outlook for the June quarter, we expect demand for our nearline products to continue into the June quarter supported by ongoing cloud and hyperscale investment. In China, we started to see demand recovery in certain markets, including video and image application. However, there is still considerable uncertainty at the micro level which limits our visibility. In this highly dynamic environment, we will focus on what we can control to minimize the financial impact to our business, while continuing to address challenges to meet customer demand. Based on our current operational risk assessment, we expect that the cost impact from COVID-19 will be somewhat higher in the June quarter. With this in mind, we expect the following for the June quarter, revenue to be $2.6 billion plus or minus 7%. As I made the point of our revenue guidance, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be at the upper end of our long-term target range of 13% to 16% of revenue and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.28 plus or minus 10%. In closing, our March quarter results demonstrate our ability to execute well in profoundly challenging business condition. I am confident with our innovative product portfolio, financial strength and sustainable cash flow generation position us well to navigate the near-term business challenges and capture long-term opportunities associated with the secular demand for mass capacity storage. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, our March quarter performance demonstrates the resilience of Seagate’s business model, our focus on execution and the dedication of our employees. Despite the current business environment, we are tracking to the financial model we outlined last September. We are delivering operating margins at the high-end of our target range of 13% to 16% of revenue. We are forecasting annual revenue growth of 2% based on our midpoint of our June guidance range. And we have remained committed to returning at least 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders. The start of fiscal year 2020 we shared an expectation for our mass capacity storage shipments to be well above the long-term compound annual growth rate of 35% to 40%. We still expect to exceed that range for the fiscal year as well as calendar year 2020. Increasing demand for data is fueling long-term secular growth for mass capacity storage. I shared examples today that suggest an even greater reliance on data in this new remote economy brought on by the pandemic and likewise a greater need for compute and storage in the cloud and at the edge. With our strong technology roadmap and broad product portfolio, I am confident that Seagate will emerge from this challenging business environment, well positioned for these opportunities. I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our employees for their extraordinary efforts during the quarter. I would also like to thank our suppliers and our partners and customers for their close collaboration through this period and for their ongoing trust in Seagate. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hey, thank you everyone. And I hope you are healthy and safe during the current environment. Two questions if I may. The first one is I guess is more of a clarification if I may, how disruptive from a manufacturing standpoint or margin standpoint, were these shutdowns across Asia-Pacific countries in the March quarter and I was just kind of curious on how you expect any – if you expect any manufacturing disruptions in the June quarter? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Karl. I would say, it’s fairly disruptive, not just for us in the specific facilities that we run, but also upstream in our supply chain, there were a number of shutdowns that affected us and started really in late January right after Chinese New Year. And then downstream of us as well, the ODMs and I think that’s gotten a lot of press were also disrupted. So quantitatively, we are not going to really break it out, but you can imagine the kinds of disruptions and then the biggest are logistics issues, because we did have inventory in a lot of positions that we are able to flex around, but – and we run multiple sourcing strategies as well, but just the logistics getting stuff through checkpoints and making sure we had the right parts in the right place at the right time was an issue.
Karl Ackerman: And I guess just to follow-up on that if I may, I mean, sorry go ahead.
Gianluca Romano: You were asking about the impact of the gross margin, I guess and...
Karl Ackerman: Yes, correct.
Gianluca Romano: And I described in the script is about 1%.
Karl Ackerman: That’s helpful. Thank you. To the extent you can, how do we think about the exabyte trajectory in the June quarter and perhaps for the balance of the calendar year. Given an extension of the current investment cycle for nearline drives given the longer lead times associated with these nearline drives, what sort of order visibility or backlog do you have for your nearline production? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, again given the downstream of us there is a lot of disruption. Still, you don’t know exactly how people are going to build through or even be able to get the parts and the people required to build through what they need. But I would think of it as relatively flat. We do see demand, but is that demand – can that demand actually be monetized in this quarter as it push out and the reason that the demand we think is out there is because of all the changes and work location that we talked about. So, if that helps you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jake Sweaney: Hi, this is Jake on for Aaron. Congrats on the great quarter. I was wondering if you could delve a little bit deeper into the competitive landscape for the 18 terabyte drive?
Dave Mosley: I don’t really know how much about – I can’t really speak that much about the competitor, I would say that it’s a fairly disruptive environment for all the customers right now. So certainty of supply on 16s is something that we are very focused on. Our 16 if you remember has the same platform as our 18, so we changed the heads, we changed the disk a few other minor changes. We get pretty good leverage now that we are way up the curve and we understand what the supply chain needs to look like for that. So we are fairly confident going to 18s. I think that over the next 6 months or a year, probably people are going to be a little bit more bashful on product transitions. That’s just how I think about it. They will go with more certainty towards what they can get, what they can integrate.
Jake Sweaney: Okay. And then just to follow-up on that, can you talk a little bit about the adoption you are seeing for the 16 TB like the breadth of adoption, customer profile is anything along those lines?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that’s the growth has been good, this is the fastest ramp we have ever done in heads and disks and we talked about that last quarter as well. So, the ramp continues to go well and we are working with a lot of partners to make sure that we are getting them what they need through those transition period. So, adoption is clearly good with us being 3 million drives plus under our belts now and driving significantly north from there we have got good adoption across multiple customers in all geographies.
Jake Sweaney: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I have a couple if I could too as well. Luca – sorry Gianluca, could you – I just want to make sure I understand the full gross margin bridge it sounds like it’s 100 basis points from COVID related cost logistics etcetera? Could you also quantify for us you mentioned non-hard drive business gross margin impact? Is there any way to quantify that for us? And then my hunch is that there is sort of maybe other category given that you had such strong nearline exabytes shipments Q-over-Q. Is there something else you would have not allowed some of that to fall through to the bottom line? And then I have a follow-up if I could. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Well, I would say, the mix has actually impacted our bottom line and we came out with a very strong EPS. In terms of gross margin impact from the COVID-19, we did not separate between those hard disk and non-hard disk, but in total for the corporation is about 100 basis points. The mix has actually helped the gross margin for the hard disk drive and with the increases in mass capacity and part of the business, we actually got more or less flat sequentially in terms of just hard disk gross margin. On the non-hard disk, we had, of course, the impact of COVID in terms of cost, we also had some impact on the supply chain. So our system solution part of the business were little bit lower than what we were expecting. And that is negatively impacted the non-hard disk part of the business in terms of gross margin. So overall, the gross margin was down 67 basis points. If you just look at the hard disk part of the business was basically flat and again if you take out the impact of COVID-19, we were actually little bit higher sequentially.
Ananda Baruah: Gianluca, that’s helpful. I guess why would with 50% with such strong growth in nearline Q-over-Q and seemingly just backing into the implied. ASP sort of growth as well, why wouldn’t the margins of, kind of, apples-to-apples have been up more than the 100 basis points. I just want to make sure that we’re not missing anything here?
Gianluca Romano: No, I don’t think you’re missing anything, I know – I think the big increase in volume, of course, has also some impact on the average decline in pricing, and I think we had a very good quarter, I think we moved the mix as it – now has a level that we want it, and we are well positioned for the next quarter and the near future. The mass capacity part of the business is really growing strongly.
Ananda Baruah: Okay then. Yes, really is – okay one take – one quick follow-up, Dave, if I could. You had mentioned that some of the hyperscale demand could potentially move into the September quarter based on what you’re seeing? Do you have an expectation just in general, I know it’s super early, but that hyperscale demand could remain solid into the September quarter or for the September quarter, any context there would be helpful? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Ananda, I made reference to the fact that we think that the change in locality of data is actually going to have – to get answered by the cloud customers and also by some edge installs as well. So if you listen to the prepared remarks there is specific comments about that. We still think that’s going to happen, it’s early relative to all the global disruptions is what we’ve seen is to know what exactly happens, when or what can happen when, because of the logistics of what’s going on this quarter. But from my perspective, I do think that this change in data locality and the growth of the cloud will affect the next cycle for sure.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks a lot guys. That’s really helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon and congrats on the really great execution this quarter. I guess first question for Dave a lot of companies as I’m sure you’ve seen have pulled guidance. And so can you put some context around the visibility you feel you have into demand and supply in the June quarter relative to a normal period? And then what do you think are the biggest potential variables that would put you at the upper end or lower end of the guidance ranges you provided? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Katy. I think that reflecting in the fact that our ranges are opened up. We’re still signaling to everyone that it’s a more volatile time then we are normally accustomed to. So exactly to your first point, these are not normal times for anyone. Supply has risks and demand has risk for the demand side, I would point to the question, I just answered as to why? On the supply side there has been a number of different shutdowns and border closures and things like that, that effect, not just our facilities, but also our upstream facilities. So we’re cognizant of that. So it’s not a normal quarter relative to visibility, but I do think that it’s incumbent upon our management team to come out and tell everybody what the visibility that we have is today given that we’re 2.5 weeks into the quarter already, so we’re doing that.
Katy Huberty: That’s great. Thank you. And Gianluca, I think you said on gross margin that the impact from COVID will be bigger in June than it was in March. So in that context, should we think about gross margins falling sequentially, because of that bigger headwind or does the strength in nearline offset COVID?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Katy, you know, we don’t guide gross margin. And, yes, we expect little bit higher cost, possibly higher cost related to the COVID-19, of course, it depends on how long those restrictions will be in place. In terms of gross margin, no, we expect a mix fairly similar quarter-over-quarter, so another very good quarter with mass capacity storage volume. And, of course, additional cost will impact little bit our EPS and our revenue is also – we guided to be lower sequentially.
Dave Mosley: Yes, so we factor that is – in as much as we could into the existing guide, Katy.
Katy Huberty: Okay, thanks. And just one quick follow-up to that on OpEx, Gianluca, I think you’ve talked about holding it relatively constant with the $340 million. Is that still the case or just COVID gave you some opportunity to remove costs in the next couple of quarters?
Gianluca Romano: Well, we always look at opportunities mainly to get more efficient, not only to now reduce our cost. In the very short-term, I don’t think we will reduce our cost. Our fiscal Q3 in terms of OpEx was a very low cost. So we expect to be fairly similar in fiscal Q4, but now Dave and I are always looking at opportunities. So we will look and decide if we have anything – any opportunity, but we want to take in the next few quarters.
Dave Mosley: Yes, there are – to the point there are opportunities as well that we may want to redeploy against. So, the world has changed considerably and as we see some of those opportunities we may have missed slightly against them as well.
Katy Huberty: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good afternoon. Dave, couple of questions on just the supply chain, so in prior downturns, there has been periods where some of your smaller component suppliers have run into trouble you’ve helped them out, but there has been interim issues down like this. But could you just sort of talk about the relative health of getting those last 5% of the bomb filled out right now? And then I had a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Thanks. And it’s something I’m very mindful of it. At Seagate we have 40,000 people roughly streaming our supply chain, my estimate would be that’s 0.5 million people we need to make sure that economically they have – they’re getting what they need, because otherwise, if some of those companies go away then we have our own issues as well. So it’s important for us to make sure that our supply chain is healthy as it possibly can be. We feel that responsibility. There are issues, for sure, but we are working with suppliers very closely to make sure that they’re getting through those issues, and I think everyone under – who participates in our supply chain, since it’s a large understands and appreciates the complexities and understand how we’re all in this together in some respects, right? So that we have to make sure that we take care of each other.
Steven Fox: That’s helpful. And then just so I understand sort of the base case thinking here in the guidance. You mentioned sort of some improvements in sort of manufacturing obviously, China, but is there a thinking here that like by the time you get to the month of June and things are materially better or operating about the same in terms of supply chain? How can we think about what kind of level of improvement broadly you’re thinking about logistically? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: I wish, I could say – I predicted well, but the period we’ve just been through from a supply chain disruption perspective was pretty big, compare it back to 2008, when I was running the operations for 2011. Very, very different times now global and there’s been a lot of – just call it multi-week disruptions. So, I do like to hope that some of this is becoming a little bit more predictable to manage, although I think that there will still be surprises, and that’s why we’ve got a whole to be very communicative up and down the supply chain. And I really appreciate that our customers appreciate this as well. They’re making sure that they help out and everybody is being as predictable demand as they can right now, because that’s the way that we can tell everybody exactly what we need.
Steven Fox: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment Research. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. When you talked about the additional COVID expenses, I believe you said approximately a 100 basis points, if I heard correctly. Do you think that those are kind of permanent and we should just kind of build that in for quite a long time or have you learned through this quarter maybe those are near-term cost that you find a way to quickly get back out of the system? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jim. Yes, I think, there is a couple of different buckets largely the ones that are impacting us are more temporary, because you look at under absorption from factories that we’re actually shuttered or running not at full capacity or if you look at logistics, in particular, February was so slow, March was so busy. A lot of air freight was needed and there just weren’t a lot of airplanes to be had. So we have a lot of logistics costs that went up in the period. And there is – we are still reverberations of that. Those – all those kinds of things are temporary, we do believe at some point we’ll figure that out or add a little bit of inventory to take advantage of other lanes and things like that. There are some – to back to the supply chain questions that Steven asked, I think, there’s some things that we have to watch upper in the supply base, as well that maybe more permanent, and so we’re still working with individual suppliers to make sure that helped throughout the entire supply chain doesn’t affect us all in demand.
Jim Suva: Great, thank you so much for the additional details.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Dustin Scaringe: Hey guys. This is actually Dustin speaking for Tristan. I know you mentioned demand in China consumer segments coming back. I’m wondering if you could, give little more color on that, probably tracking and the potential impact on revenues just for this coming quarter and maybe for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Sure. Yes, thanks. It – as you can well imagine after Chinese New Year things turned off and especially on the consumer side, I would say the distribution channel as well. And then in places like Europe and the Middle East we saw that turn off later, but same kind of behavior later. There were also pockets of large pops, because as people went to working from home, there were large bicycles that went on, people are buying disk drives basically to move data around. So very intriguing to watch the tactical signals in the quarter. Some of it’s becoming a little bit more predictable in Q4, but there’s still fairly massive disruption, and it’s not back to a point where it’s not impacted by the week-to-week buying patterns of people, but this is not what we forecast for our fiscal Q3 or Q4 for that matter, and we’re just in the consumer markets in particular more and reactionary mode.
Dustin Scaringe: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much, and glad to hear everyone as well. Dave, maybe on a qualitative level, given the strong demand that you continue to see for mass capacity drives and from the data center and cloud segments, can you just give you thoughts about what’s actual demand, and what potentially could be some inventory building even by that segment, even though we are hearing positive stuff on data center? Where do you think I guess that kind of, demarcation between inventory building versus actual demand that’s out there right now?
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Patrick. I don’t think there was a lot of inventory demand building. I think people are very cautious with their investments right now, that’s from my discussions with most of my customers they understand that. Some of the larger cloud service providers know how fast it’s going to be before they can actually monetize the capacity that they’re putting online. So they are mindful of those lead times, but they also see demand that’s further out in time, than I do. I would also say that on some of the mass capacity drives surveillance is what I’m thinking about now, the market was actually quite soft. We talked about this in our prepared remarks. Although the capacity points moved up so things moved above 4 terabytes per drive for the first time there and could go to 6s and 8s over the next year or two. And so I think that mass capacity if you will, the demand will come back, because it was so impacted by the early days of this pandemic.
Patrick Ho: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller from Benchmark. Your line is open.
Mark Miller: Thank you for the question and great job on handling the situation, which is difficult for everyone. Just was wondering give us an update on HAMR, does that still look like it goes out the door late in the year. And I’m just wondering about the margin profile of HAMR drives, compared to your other drives?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mark, I think we’ve talked about before that the HAMR platform the platform that we’ve ramped with the 16’s is where we’re going to introduce HAMR as well. So from all the other complementary, if you look at it that way, the cost impact is we’re already down the cost curve quite a bit. So we think the economics of HAMR will still be very favorable. Yes is the answer to your question, we’re still on target with HAMR, it’s hard to do experiments at the same clip that we were doing them a few months ago, but the experiments also have long lead times. So things don’t change that much on some of the wafer lead times that we have now, and so we still have pretty good visibility and I’m really proud of the progress the team is making.
Mark Miller: So I just wanted to clarify, do you think you’ll be shipping 20 terabyte by the end of the year of HAMR?
Dave Mosley: That’s right.
Mark Miller: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross from Cross Research. Your line is open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was just curious, have you seen any delays in customer qualifications for 16 terabyte drives given some of the challenges with the employees and the office and that related to COVID. And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Shannon, I would answer that question is a no. We were already pretty deep into the qualification cycles when this thing first hit. I do think that running the big scale, say for example reliability test beds that are sometimes done as you ramp programs, there were a lot of people to plug those beds. Sometimes you couldn’t get the attention of the builders, because they weren’t even in the office, so yes there are impacts to some of the late stage qualification and maybe the early stage of the next generation I made reference to that earlier, but I don’t really it impacted our plans, because we were already so deep in 16.
Shannon Cross: Okay, great. And then just a question on capital return, are you – talked about maintaining a long-term framework, I am just curious in discussions, I mean, there has been a number of companies to be either halted share repurchase or others, you obviously have a strong balance sheet and cash flow. But I am just curious as to how some of those discussions are going when you talk to the board, what the puts and takes are as you look at sort of a questionable or I guess it’s sort of unknown second half at this point? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Shannon. Well, as you said, we are still generating a very strong free cash flow and we have a very good liquidity level between our cash at $1.6 billion and our revolver of $1.5 billion. I think we can operate more or less in a – know it a normal way in term of capital allocation of course, we will focus as usual internally sourced so supporting our business, and of course paying our dividend. In term of share buyback, we always look at how attractive is opportunity. So we will do more or less depending from how we consider the share price to be attractive.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave just one follow-up question all the good ones have been asked. What would be your expectation for nearline exabyte shipment in calendar year 2020, if COVID-19 had not taken place?
Dave Mosley: Gosh, maybe that’s a tough question. I think we were talking about 35% to 40% and being above that range as well. Before and I think there has been a lot of dynamics, because of this locality change and locality of data, which suggests to me that maybe some of the typical cyclicality has changed. I don’t know that we can actually see that yet, because COVID has disrupted a lot more than just this of course there’s a lot of pieces of supply chain and your ability to build it through. But my thinking is from the fundamental data demand perspective there – the cycle is bigger next time, just because that all the working from home, the reliance on the cloud that everybody has. And then the frankly speaking, the data demand for AI and surveillance and other tools that might be used to go invest is bigger. I know, there are a lot of businesses that have been disrupted as well and so seeing our way through that into that final demand is still pretty hard, if that helps?
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, that’s right. Thank you for your answer. And so just one quick follow-up, could – if this shift to the cloud is permanent, could we see a scenario where nearline exabyte were to account for a much bigger mix of your total exabyte shipment, total revenue, to the extent that even if the new game console were to be disruptive to hard disk drive, the nearline strength would more than offset that?
Dave Mosley: Yes, you know, we have been involved in the gaming consoles for almost 20 years now, and I’m a big fan of the market. It’s from an exabyte perspective to your question, it’s relatively immaterial. I mean, in the last two quarters, we shipped 225 plus exabytes and only one less than one exabyte is going to gaming consoles. So when it comes to pivoting heads and discs over, I think we can very easily do that and we’ll continue to support that market, but you know, depending on what our customers need will be there to answer the call.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Yes. I had two questions. One on the OpEx side and the one that, kind of, on the demand side, so I’ll start with the OpEx one. So something we’ve heard from a lot of these companies in Silicon Valley is that they’re actually going to get savings long-term off of this virus or outbreak, however you want to phrase it, because they’re going to allow certain employees to start working from home, reducing travel costs and generally reduce OpEx. So I guess I’m wondering why or potentially if you guys are going to go down that path and why you wouldn’t go down that path to reduce OpEx?
Dave Mosley: I think that’s probably – I’ll let Gianluca answer, but I – which I think that’s probably less relevant for us. Most of our OpEx is around our core technology development and not as much SG&A, if you will, so go ahead.
Gianluca Romano: Well in fiscal Q3, we reduced our OpEx by about $10 million, so I think we did a lot in term of cost reduction. In general, our OpEx as a percentage of revenue and also as a total value is fairly small. So we have always been very prudent and conservative with our OpEx spending. Of course, as I said before, we will continue to look for opportunity to even lower these costs or improve our efficiency. And now the travel or other benefit from the working from home, if it is something that will benefit the company. Of course, we will take a look at that.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re very happy with where we’re managing from an operating income at the top of our range again, if something changes yet in the world and there’s a lot of things changing, then we look for investments we may take advantage of that investment at the time, to go after some new revenue streams or somethings, but I look at it very differently, I think that most of that companies, because most of our OpEx is really pointed, our core technology rather than sales and marketing.
Mitch Steves: Okay, got it. And then the second one, I hate to be this blunt about it, but it’s kind of one of the big ones that we’re going to get a lot of. So since legacy was down pretty substantially Q-over-Q. I mean, do you guys have any conviction on this can potentially being some share shift? Because from what we’ve heard commercial PCs and kind of PCs in general actually little bit better than peers, at least from a channel check? So maybe you could help us understand what you guys think happened there? And what numbers you guys think would be surprising, if you saw out of the PC share shift?
Dave Mosley: Yes, PC becoming less and less relevant for us every day, to the point certainly, notebook to see. We’re continuing to support a few customers. But it’s really those parts of the legacy market aren’t as relevant. Legacy being consumer electronics or legacy which was dramatically disrupted in the quarter Q-on-Q, right? A little bit more than we even forecast, and then mission critical which to our point before has a fairly long tail out there just given the preponderance of slots that are out there in the world. There’s a lot going on inside the legacy. So it’s a little bit more pronounced than we thought, but not really because of PC cyclicality or anything like that, and a small temporary head fake PC bump is not going to help us tremendously either. We are just not as exposed to it.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nik Todorov: Yes, thanks. Dave and Gianluca, can you please talk about the pricing environment for mass capacity? I mean in our few work we have heard of efforts by you and others in the industry to pass-through higher cost due to COVID to customers. And at the same time and looking at the flattish nearline exabyte comment for June quarter and that implies dollar per terabyte declines in the high-end of the historical range. So, can you give us any color if there is anything changing in the pricing environment right now?
Dave Mosley: I would say the pricing is relatively benign. The higher costs are largely associated with logistics. As you can imagine especially it has to get positively get there overnight, but we just don’t have the routes that are at the same cost as they were 3 months ago or 6 months ago. From my perspective, those are the hardest problems that we have operationally that are temporary. We will get through them at some point, but those are the hardest problems that we have and we are sharing some of the burden downstream, especially for people who are expediting us. I think over time we could obviously go to different routes, but I don’t think that, that’s a super meaningful – in the trajectory of nearline dollar per terabyte, if you look at that trajectory over the last couple of years, I don’t think it’s a meaningful shift.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And if I can just follow-up I think I maybe ask the question, but I am just trying to understand the impact to potential disruption to the June quarter. If there was no COVID-19, what do you think nearline exabytes would have been I mean you can give us a range for the June quarter?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think just too hard to all the puts and takes there. There is too many disruptions, I think to really go there. I do think that cloud service providers are – we are continuing to invest against the secular growth of data that we see and some of that is disrupted whether or not at all times out in June or whether or not it gets pulled in, because people are more full than they thought they would be in the cloud and they can actually find ways to get it put online. I mean, that’s just – it’s too hard to say versus prior baseline. I will say that our capacity that we have is still a little bit underutilized and that’s affecting our costs. So, we could clearly have done more, but that we may – depending on how we see that on those very, very short lead time capital, we may pullback on that. On the long lead time capital we are still investing, because it’s against this massive secular growth.
Nik Todorov: Okay, got it. Thanks guys, good luck.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kevin Prior: Hi, this is Kevin on for C.J. So just want to think how to think of the contribution to quarter-over-quarter weakness in surveillance from maybe the COVID impact versus potentially maybe inventory they built kind of last Q. And so do you still think I guess normalized rate is like higher than what you shipped this quarter?
Dave Mosley: Interesting. Yes, I think it’s more COVID-related, because basically the month of February all the channels were turned off. So, I think companies are still out selling their solutions and some of these solutions are becoming more and more relevant in today’s world and like we talked about the rise of the edge we can see that, but the ability for us to get product to market that for those customers to integrate it and then get it to their end users, I mean, with everybody at home and around the world, I think that’s a primary driver of what’s going on in Q3.
Kevin Prior: Okay, thank you. And then I think you mentioned the similar platform on 18 terabyte versus 16. So curious if you will see potential sort of qualifying times there and if so, maybe like how many months could you shorten that pipe potentially?
Dave Mosley: Yes, we believe so. I think to your point, Kevin, it’s been a long – these technology transitions take a long time. They are not something we just turn on like a light switch and going through all the qualifications, all the different parts that we have in the drive. So we are really happy with the 16 platform being up the ramp. It’s the first time in a long, long time we have been able to leverage for multiple generations. And the confidence that we have in all those parts is going to translate into confidence in the timeline completion. I don’t really want to quantify it right now, because I think someone asked earlier, I think it was Shannon about the overall cycles given how disruptive everyone is that has to run these tests and things like that. I don’t really want to try to quantify it yet, but I do think from our perspective, it adds to our confidence for sure.
Kevin Prior: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes Q&A. And I would now like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Jason. To summarize, Seagate is doing an outstanding job of managing through these uncertain times and we continue to generate cash and have a strong balance sheet and liquidity to weather the storm. Over the long-term, we see no change to the strong secular growth in mass capacity storage and we will continue to execute our strategy to meet that demand. I would like to once again thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and our employees for their incredible efforts during the March quarter and our investors for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you everyone for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s Fiscal Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Josh, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December 2019 quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our March quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities and general market conditions. These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. Following today's prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to you Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I will begin today's call by highlighting a few key accomplishments for the December quarter and then I will share some perspectives on the market trends and their relevance to Seagate. Afterwards, I will turn the call over to Gianluca to elaborate on our December quarter financial performance and present our March quarter outlook. Following the prepared remarks, we will open up the call for questions.  In the December quarter we grew revenue to $2.7 billion and drove strong double-digit profit growth on a sequential basis with both non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP EPS coming in at the upper end of our guided ranges. Importantly, we have generated nearly $1.2 billion in free cash flow over the past 12 months underscoring our consistent operational execution. In addition to delivering solid financial results, we achieved record exabyte shipments in the December quarter supported by strong demand for mass capacity storage and the continued successful ramp of our 16-terabyte products.  Consistent with our expectations, we shipped 1 million 16-terabyte drives during the quarter to support strong customer demand. We also strengthened our product portfolio announcing Seagate Lyve Drive Mobile System, a series of seamlessly integrated storage solutions to address the burgeoning need to move data between endpoints, edge and core cloud environments in an efficient, secure and cost effective way. Lyve Drive was one of many products we showcased during the Consumer Electronics Show this past January, which I'll discuss shortly. First, let me comment on some of the trends we're seeing in the market. Our December quarter results highlight the increasing demand for mass capacity storage, which includes nearline, video and image applications and network-attached storage or NAS. Revenue from mass capacity storage increased 9% quarter-over-quarter and 25% year-over-year, driven by growth across each of these markets. This positive trajectory reflects both ongoing demand recovery as well as secular growth for mass capacity storage.  In nearline, we are leading the industry's transition to 16-terabytes, which is the largest capacity drive available in mass volume today, offering the best total cost of ownership opportunity for our customers. In the December quarter, these products represented the highest revenue and highest exabyte shipments of any of our drives. We achieved these results while still at the very early stages of this industry transition. Nearline demand has been on a positive trajectory that we expect will continue through at least the rest of the fiscal year. We are well positioned to address this growing demand as we continue to ramp our 16-terabyte production and launch our 18-terabyte drives, which are based on the same platform, simplifying the manufacturing and qualification processes.  The 18-terabyte launch is progressing to plan and we remain on track to begin shipments in the first half of the calendar year 2020. We expect to align our production to meet customers' demand. In video and image applications, we achieved record revenue in the December quarter, driven by strong demand for surveillance drives. As we've shared for multiple quarters now, global uncertainty has created some disruption in typical customer buying patterns within certain markets, including surveillance. However, the underlying demand drivers remain intact and inventory levels appear to be relatively healthy, supporting our positive view of demand over the long-term. Security surveillance is just one of a growing number of applications adopting high-definition video and image processing, which require mass capacity storage at the edge and in the cloud. Two weeks ago at CES, we demonstrated how video and imaging sensors are being deployed in smart cities and smart factories to collect and analyze massive amounts of data used to improve traffic flow, hastened emergency response times, lower production costs and improve worker safety. These are real world use cases spawned by the emergence of IT 4.0, which illustrate how organizations are unlocking value from the data being created by sensors, cameras, and other endpoint devices. The transition to IT 4.0 and trend towards a multi-cloud world create meaningful opportunities for Seagate. We project that typical smart factory can create 5-petabytes of video data per day and the smart city could generate 200-petabytes each day. The fully realized data potential, compute and storage must be moved closer to the source of creation, closer to the edge. At CES, we also showcased how Seagate's storage solutions are enabling IT 4.0 and hybrid cloud environments by leveraging our innovative technologies and expertise in systems’ architectures. We featured our high density scalable solutions, which offer enterprise customers a cost-effective petabyte solution, ideal for data-rich cloud applications. The unit we displayed at CES was configured with 106 HDDs, including multiple HAMR drives working in real time. We are on track to release the industry's first commercially available HAMR drive in late calendar 2020 at the 20-terabyte capacity point.  Each year, I look forward to the Consumer Electronics Show for the opportunity to interact directly with customers, partners, suppliers, and loyal enthusiasts of Seagate products and hear their feedback firsthand. The consumer market remains a very good business for Seagate. In fact, in the December quarter alone, we shipped 12 exabytes in portable external drives trusted by our user community to move their data. The media and the entertainment professionals, gamers and prosumers of the Seagate branded storage solutions represents quality, reliability and simplicity.  We designed our Lyve Drive Mobile Solutions with these same principles in mind. As I mentioned earlier, Lyve Drive offers enterprise CIOs a solution for efficiently and cost effectively managing data between endpoints, edge and core cloud. Even with a dedicated 10-gigabit per second connection, it would take at least 12 days to upload 1 petabyte of data to the cloud. The cost for sending large amounts of data over a network can be in order of magnitude more expensive than simply physically transporting it. With Lyve Drive, customers can securely transfer data and ingest it into their data centers more quickly and affordably than other available options. Our integrated approach is a first key step towards a unified data experience.  Overall, we're excited by the momentum of our 16-terabyte drives, the competitive strength of our technology roadmap and the breadth of our product portfolio, all of which we believe position Seagate to address well the growing demand for mass capacity storage and the need for data management solutions.  With that. I'll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our December quarter results and share our outlook for the March quarter. 
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. The December quarter represented another period of solid financial performance and strong free cash flow. On a sequential basis revenue increased 5% to $2.7 billion. Non-GAAP operating income increased 29% translating to non-GAAP operating margin of nearly 16% of revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share increased [31%] to $1.35. Our results demonstrate strong operating leverage supported by ongoing expense discipline and a richer revenue mix of mass capacity storage. Mass capacity storage which include nearline, video and image application and NAS drives represented 49% of total December quarter revenue, up from 47% in the prior quarter and 39% in the prior year.  Exabyte shipment into this market increased 12% sequentially to 71 exabytes. This strong sequential growth was underpinned by demand for our mass capacity drives. As we shared during our analyst event we expect that mass capacity revenue will continue to grow quickly over the next several years. Our product portfolio and technology roadmap are well aligned to capture these growth opportunities. Revenue from 16-terabyte drives nearly tripled quarter-over-quarter making them our highest revenue product during the quarter, a trend we expect to persist through the rest of the fiscal year as we continue to ramp this product to support the broadening of customer demand.  Increased demand for mid capacity nearline drives was another highlight for the quarter. Sales of our 4, 6 and 8-terabyte drives moved higher to support enterprise and OEM customers as they build out to their own prem and private cloud storage needs. Our cost reduced mid capacity product continued to gain momentum offering customers a better TCO relative to prior generation products. In addition to LTE nearline demand, we also realized double-digit revenue and exabyte growth for video and image applications reflecting above seasonal demand which we expect to normalize moving into the second half of the fiscal year.  As Dave shared earlier with the advent of IT 4.0 and the adoption of video and image sensor across a growing number of applications, we thought it would be meaningful growth opportunity as for our mass capacity storage solutions in this market.  Revenue from the legacy market remained fairly flat on a sequential basis and represented 43% of December quarter revenue, compared with 46% in the September quarter. Exabyte shipment into the legacy market increased 3% sequentially to 36 exabytes. We continue to garner customer and consumer support for our legacy product, which include mission-critical, desktop, notebook, DVR and external consumer device. Seasonal demand for consumer drive combined with higher mission-critical sales largely offset the expected decline in gaming consoles and notebooks. Overall, our total HDD average capacity per drive increased 11% sequentially and we expect average drive capacity to further increase as demand for mass capacity storage continue to grow.  The remaining 8% of December quarter revenue was derived from our non-HDD business, in which revenue increased 14% sequentially, driven by growth in both system and SSD. We're continuing to gain momentum with our system solutions driven by increasing demand for data at the edge, and adoption of private cloud. Enterprise customers are seeking the denser storage solution driving higher system content. This dynamic supported a new exabyte shipment record for system in the December quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 28.7%, up 200 basis points sequentially, reflecting a more favorable product mix with a higher contribution from mass capacity drives. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $350 million, down 3% sequentially and slightly below our prior estimate, due mainly to lower discretionary spending. We are evaluating opportunities to drive further operational efficiencies while continuing to invest in areas that support future growth. With a combination of higher gross margin and controlled spending, we delivered non-GAAP operating income of $424 million, up to 29% quarter-over-quarter. This translates to non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 16% of revenue at the top end of our long-term financial model range.  Based on a share count of approximately 265 million shares, non-GAAP EPS for the December quarter was $1.35, which surpassed our guidance midpoint. Consistent with our expectation, capital expenditure increased to $194 million to support growing demand for mass capacity storage. We project fiscal year CapEx to be towards the middle of our long-term range of 6% to 8% of revenue. We generated strong free cash flow in the December quarter, fairly stable with the past several quarters and we continue to deploy capital to reward shareholders through our longstanding capital return program. We utilized $150 million to retire 2.5 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 261 million shares outstanding and we used $165 million to fund our dividend. Our Board also approved a quarterly dividend payment of $0.65 per share payable on April 8, 2020. As of the end of the quarter, cash and cash equivalents were at $1.7 billion and we have access to an additional $1.5 billion through our revolver. Gross debt was $4.1 billion with a net debt of $2.4 billion, both fairly flat with the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased 23% sequentially to approximately $500 million and we expect our gross debt leverage ratio to be at or below 2 times within the next few quarters.  Looking ahead to our outlook for the March quarter. As the Coronavirus outbreak continues, we have made our first priority the health and wellbeing of our employees and partners. We are also working with our suppliers to meet customer demand and mitigate risk to production. While we currently do not expect any material financial impact in the March quarter there still a lot of uncertainty and therefore we are widening our revenue and EPS guidance ranges. With this in mind, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.7 billion plus or minus 7%.  At the midpoint of our revenue guidance we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be at the high end of our long-term target range of 13% to 16% of revenue. And non-GAAP EPS is expected to $1.35 plus or minus 7%. In general, we're seeing a change in typical seasonality as HDD demand shift away from consumer-oriented legacy markets and towards mass capacity storage driven by data growth in the cloud and at the edge. The demand environment has continued to steadily improve particularly for high capacity nearline drives. With the positive customer momentum we have established for our 16-terabyte byproducts we continue to expect both revenue and profitability to grow in fiscal 2020 with the second half revenue slightly higher than the first half for this fiscal year.  I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, our performance demonstrates our ability to deliver solid financial results and drive cash generation throughout industry cycles. We are continuing to identify ways to drive further operational efficiencies to optimize profitability. We are also leveraging our strong technology roadmap, broad product portfolio, deep customer relationships and systems architecture expertise to address secular demand for mass capacity storage and emerging opportunities to provide cost effective data management solutions. I’m confident that Seagate is well positioned to fully capitalize on these growth opportunities while enhancing value for our customers and shareholders.  Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their contributions to the ongoing success of our business. Josh I’ll hand it back to you to lead through the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Jeff on for Sidney. Gross margins were good in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about any pricing pressure that you were seeing related to high capacity drives? 
Dave Mosley: I think I would say that the market for a on a dollars per terabyte basis, if I look back over the last couple of years -- hi Jeff by the way, I would say that it’s reflecting a pretty competitive space, and I expect that over the long haul, we're all going to have to make investments to answer the call in that growth space. So I think at some point we have to continue to work our costs down, which we're doing. We have to work through product transitions which we are doing but we'll also have to install capital, and I expect at some point we're going to have to focus more on -- rather than chasing share, we're going to have to focus more on making those investments.
Unidentified Analyst : Great. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned increased demand for midline capacity drives as enterprise and OEMs build out their own storage needs. Can you talk a little more about this opportunity and does this potentially lead to a less reliance on the cloud service providers in the future?
Dave Mosley: No. I would say, if I go back a year and a half to the peak of the last cycle, thereabout, the market was very strong across the portfolio. I think the highest capacity points typically go to the bigger customers, but I think there are many small customers globally, which are still not as fully representative as they were in the peak of the last cycle, frankly, but are taking all kinds of different capacity points. And so, therefore it's important to have a broad product portfolio and address them with the right products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you just talk about how you see 16-terabyte ramping? In which quarter do you expect the biggest sequential ramp in volume? And then, is there any reason that as 16-terabyte volumes ramp the gross margins wouldn't improve in a fairly linear fashion?
Dave Mosley: I think we can both take it Katy, I'll pass it over to Gianluca for the gross margin part. We've said that this is one of the biggest ramps we've ever done, if not the biggest ramp we've ever done at heads and media. We're in the middle of it and to the point of just saying this quarter we will do 1 million and then having done 1 million, that's indicative of the strength of that ramp. The ramp is not over. It's going to keep going. And the way we look at it is, there’s were many products in our portfolio before, but this platform is the one that's going to take us from 16 to 18 to 20 and beyond. Our ability to leverage costs and the other technology pieces that we have to put in there, is great now that we don't have to keep transitioning products, we get a lot of leverage from that. We talked about that in the prepared remarks. So from my perspective, we have that strong portfolio to take us forward. I think Gianluca can speak about gross margins.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I'd say in fiscal Q2, the improvement in gross margin is coming partially from the 16-terabyte, but as we said, actually tripled the volume during the quarter but also from an overall cost reduction on several other drives. So, looking at Q3, we will have for sure an higher volume in 16-terabytes that will help our gross margin, but of course depends on the overall mix of the entire volume that we move into the quarter.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. And if I can just follow up, Dave, going back to your comments about the difficulty of ramping heads in media that you executed on for 16-terabytes. There -- if you take demand side there have been some questions around whether the qualifications are coming in. Can you just talk about kind of U.S. versus China and any general numbers around how many of your big customers have qualified and are actually purchasing that product at this point?
Dave Mosley: We're fairly happy with the breadth of the qualification. I mean, if you get down to very specific customers, they may be ready to take 16. Some of them may be back on 8 for example. Globally, there's people that -- for various reasons, they aren't ready to move there in the architecture, and we get that. In general, we're on plan with our ramp and I think our ramp is going to continue from here. The qualifications are going quite well. So I'm not worried about it at all. I think that as I look across the customer base, Katy, what we've talked about in the past was everybody adopting the highest capacity point quickly. I think that's happening less and less, frankly, because I think there's a lot of -- as we've talked in the past, there's a lot of diverse need even within one customer set, even with one customer. And then each customer may have their own different specific needs. So I think as the cloud grows bigger, certainly some of the scale people have diversity needs so that they have to make sure that we continue to service. It's not just about the build out of the new stuff and it's a growing world. So, we have to work with all those customers to get them exactly what they need and 16 is doing quite well against that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Ananda Baruah: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. A couple from me if I could, just sticking on gross margin. I may have missed it, but did you make remarks about what we should expect for gross margin in the March quarter? And then just as a follow-up to that, philosophically, as you can see to improve the yields on 16 and Dave to your point about the platform transition to 18, same platform, why wouldn't the gross margin level up nicely once you get the 16 yields to normalize and then as you transition on to 18 from there, once you have the cost, so the cost situation, yield situation handled?
Dave Mosley: Well, I think as the portfolio -- as the market continues to grow, so the supply and demand is probably the first driver of all those discussions. So if -- the supply demand picture continues to grow in the favor of more demand and not as much supply, I think, we can start asking those questions. So that that gives them the cloud cyclicality. And I'll let Gianluca specifically say about how he thinks about gross margin. 
Gianluca Romano: Hi Ananda. You know we don't really guide gross margin, but if you look at our revenue and our EPS are fairly were aligned quarter-over-quarter. So I'll have to take your assumption but no, I would not see a major change sequentially. 
Dave Mosley: I think if we see a big demand in the 16-terabyte, the 18-terabyte, once we get there is in high demand, I think we should be able to manage it. I think we talked about that a little bit last quarter as well. And what you described may happen, but I think the broader portfolio from our perspective, and we've said this before, we're really managing for things closer to the bottom-line like operating income and now that we're at the top end of our range again, we’re quite happy with that. 
Ananda Baruah: Great. Then you mentioned positive trajectory for hyperscale from here, you expect June to be up for March as well. I mean I know things can change but just in your base case from an exabyte perspective?
Dave Mosley: Yes. We’ve talked to the end of the fiscal year that I don't see any reason for the cycle to slow down by the end of the fiscal year. Out the back end of the calendar year, we're not really ready to talk about that yet given all the disruptions that are going on in the market. But I will say this, I'm very happy with our product portfolio going into this next cycle whenever it comes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Aaron Rakers: Thanks for taking the question. I'll try and get two in here as well. Just on that final comment on the product cycle set up, I know that you mentioned during the call that you have 18 TB shipping in the first half of the year. Just -- sorry about the nuance here. But when you say that, do you mean that you expect to see shipments in volume in the first half of the calendar year or is that just shipments in the qualification? I'm just trying to understand the timing of those relative to your competitor.
Dave Mosley: Well, yes, I don't really want to get into that too much here, but I would say that, in my opinion qualification is volume. I mean it's not one. The qualification test beds if you will, are fairly big volume. And so, it's not 1 million per quarter, like we just talked about, a few quarters into the ramp up of the 16. But, yes, that kind of goes hand in glove.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, fair enough. And then, as we think about the trajectory of the business, I'm just curious now that you're breaking it out a little bit differently between mass capacity versus legacy, as we model going forward, we talk a lot about nearline, but I'm curious of how you think about the rate of decline in the legacy business as we move out over the next couple of quarters or if you want to take a stab longer-term?
Dave Mosley: Very interesting. If I think about some of the legacy businesses, the way we're thinking about them is we're not really investing much OpEx into them anymore, but we have a very broad customer portfolio that actually needs those products to go make whatever pivot they're going to make from the old world client server IT 2.0 to the new world 4.0, right? We have to continue to support those customers and foster those relationships with what they need. In some cases, we see surprise downsides, in other cases we see surprise upsides based on how they're driving their markets and we react to them. I would say, across most of the legacy space, there's a mix up going on. So even if the units are coming down, the mix is going up, the use cases are still relevant in the cases of some, there are already -- as you know, there are hundreds of millions of slots for these form factors out in the world, and just the support business for that is a long tail, and that's the way I think about it. Probably as it mixes up it becomes more stable relatively. So it's not going away very soon, but we're not investing in it either. We're just continuing to service it predictably.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think it’s raising a very good point. You should look at the importance of the legacy business in terms of free cash flow, considering where the OpEx and the CapEx is fairly low in that area. It's still a good contributor to our free cash flow in general. So, it’s still very important to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good afternoon. I hope this question wasn't answered. Got disconnected a couple of times. But in terms of looking at the competitive environment, your largest competitor has talked about maybe regaining some market share down the road this year as they launch 16 TB products and above, suggesting that maybe you're overperforming on market share right now, but at the same time you're talking about ramping more of 16-terabyte volume and 18 TB is ramping. So, I guess without throwing too many stones, I’m just curious what you would say about just your relative market share potential for the rest of the year?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I would say market share is not exactly an outcome. We need a -- as an outcome that’s not exactly our objective. So we made a conscious decision, if you remember Steven three quarters, four quarters ago, sort of pivoting from some of the lower capacity points into the 16 platform and we were very open about that, just because we knew we would get the leverage into the 18s and 20s like we've talked about. I think as some of that happens, customers will drive us for more and more of that demand. And I think some of the puts and takes you've seen in share may change a little bit. But again, we're trying to be predictable for those customers to get them exactly what they need. I like our plans because we happen to have the drive up the ramp-up already. So it's very predictable. 
Steven Fox : Okay. That's helpful. Just on a couple of follow-ups. First on what you just said about pivoting away from lower capacity points, I guess I was under the impression that a lot of that was in the rearview mirror. But you're saying you still may do more of that as we look out over the next 12 months to 18 months, and then I had a quick follow-up? 
Dave Mosley : No, sorry. Well, there are still our customers that need those products for various reasons, right, because of their architectures or what have you. But no, what I said in particular is if I go back nine months, we were very vocal about we're moving to 16s to these new platforms. And we've been focusing all of our operational resources and heads and media and things like that on those new platforms. 
Steven Fox : Okay. I understand now. And then in terms of gross margins, I understand you don't want to guide the gross margins. But you've mentioned several -- without getting into detail, you've mentioned several drivers that would seem to improve your gross margins considerably over the next few quarters or at least a little bit, what are the drags that we should worry about outside of macro that could be pressure on the gross margins? 
Dave Mosley : I'll let Gianluca answer, but you're hitting the right theme, which it comes down to supply and demand. So for specific products or for the cloud cyclicality, as we've talked about before, if we've got supply and demand pretty well balanced, we should be able to manage exactly like you described, but go ahead, Gianluca. 
Gianluca Romano : Well, I would say that we expect high volume from our 16 terabyte and the mass capacity storage drives in general. We think our cost is declining fairly well. Of course, when you talk about gross margin, the other variable is pricing and now we will have to wait and see how the pricing will be during the quarter and that will determine our gross margin at the end. 
Dave Mosley : I think we've said before that -- especially in the down cycle like we were in early calendar '19 that we're managing for free cash flow and operating income is the way we're focused. As the cloud comes back to a more of a peak cycle, then we can figure out exactly how we're going to balance our portfolio. But it starts with what the customers need and making sure we get them what they need to go achieve their business objectives and we're always mindful of the demand cyclicality as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva, Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Jim Suva : Thank you very much. If I understand it correctly, your 18-platform is going to be on the same platform as 16. And if so, when we think about that, I would assume that means that there is lower yield issues, lower risk and things like that or is there additional complexity you should be aware of? And when we think about once it's ramping and more volume, would the profitability be similar or why wouldn't it actually be higher, just kind of talking kind of longer term? 
Dave Mosley : So, in theory, you're right. I would say, if we look back over multiple generations in the industry, all the way back to 2-terabytes or 3-terabytes, we were changing platforms quite frequently, more heads and media, more different technologies being brought to bear and things like that. It's a new mechanical platform, so a lot of parts we're changing. Exactly to your point, we've been talking about this with the 16. We think it's a highly leverageable platform for many years. There will be subtle changes, but I think that most of the parts are not changing and that helps our ability to ramp, our ability to yield and our ability to scale for the customers, be more flexible actually if we can move most of our product portfolio over there. So it does provide opportunities, but again, supply and demand is the key driver there. Gianluca, do you have something to add there? 
Gianluca Romano : No, I think you made the point. 
Dave Mosley : Okay. Does that make sense, Jim? 
Jim Suva : It does. Lastly, anything on tax rate we should be aware of for kind of longer term modeling for tax rate? 
Gianluca Romano : No, I don't expect any change in our tax rate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Patrick Ho : Thank you very much. Dave, maybe first off, in terms of the transition from 16-terabytes to 18-terabytes, you mentioned some of the ease for customers. How do we look at it from a new customer or share win standpoint, given that the transition to existing customers probably is easy. But how do you look at it from a new customer win standpoint? Does the success of 16-terabyte help validate it for the new customers? 
Dave Mosley : In some cases, because of the leverage, especially on firmware basis and things like that, the feature sets, things like that. But no, in general, most customers are going to every new qualification with a discerning eye. They want to make sure that they do all the things right to integrate it into their data center. And again, it's -- data centers are not one size fits all, there is many different applications, some of the big customers have so many different applications, they have to worry about being able to plug this into legacy architectures or new architectures or things like that and globally there's many different BIOSes being used, chipsets being used so on and you get it. So there is some leverage for sure, people know the family now, they're already comfortable with the family. There is some leverage, and then there is some element of a new customer, you have to go through the same amount of work. 
Patrick Ho : Great. And maybe as my follow-up question to Gianluca. In terms of the gross margin, you've given a lot of color on the call so far. In terms of the cost reduction impact versus the change in product mix, on a going forward basis, is it more of a mix issue at where you could say that the cost reductions are already in place and it's now just the mix turning more favorable? 
Gianluca Romano : Yes. Probably, the mix is a major driver in the cost reduction at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Munjal Shah with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Munjal Shah : I had two. One on, could you comment on the surveillance demand. Is there anything going on with the large customers you think that there is all in or any thoughts for trend in the quarter? And then I have another one for Gianluca. Your comments suggest that gross margin should improve sequentially and your EPS guidance is flat sequentially. I was just wondering if there is anything that's an offset in here? 
Dave Mosley : Yes, I think relative to surveillance, we have over the years seen some, I'll call it, seasonality around government buying cycles at the end of the calendar year. And as the market moves towards some smart city applications, especially globally, I think there are markets that we're seeing now that people are investing quite a bit for smart cities. You do see that cyclicality. The market is growing. I would argue that from a units’ perspective, it's probably, there have been peaks that are bigger than the one we're in from an exabyte perspective, obviously we are in a growth period, in this one with a record exabytes. So the way I look at it every year gets a little bit stronger, but there is still some seasonality cyclicality. 
Shanye Hudson : And then, Munjal, just to clarify on your second question, I got the second part, you were saying guidance on the EPS side is flat. Could you repeat the first part of your question? 
Munjal Shah : Right, and then the comments suggest that -- I mean, comments generally suggest that gross margin should improve because your 16-terabyte mix will probably be higher in March. So is there an offset below the gross margin line? 
Gianluca Romano : No, as I said before, we have an assumption on pricing of course, and can be different and when we go through the quarter. But with a fairly flat revenue, we expect a fairly flat EPS quarter-over-quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nehal Chokshi with Maxim Group. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Nehal Chokshi : Recognizing that you're still in the growth mode on the hyperscale demand on nearline growth. That being said, the exabytes currently relative to the last peak is up only 10% versus prior peaks -- peak-to-peak it's around 2x. And with the potential that you're going to be hitting a digestion phase going into calendar 2H '20, I was wondering if you had some thoughts on why not as much potential peak-to-peak growth as in prior peaks, any thoughts there? 
Dave Mosley : Yes. It's quite interesting. I didn't say that we were in a digestion phase then, but I think we've seen that cyclicality before. It's dangerous to say that will happen exactly again, because there has been a different reason for the cyclicality every time it hits. That said, I do think that the demand is growing. I think that the customers are broadening. And I also think that their ability to use higher and higher capacity points is actually getting bigger. So once upon a time, people couldn't use more than 4-terabytes and while most of the market was on 8s and you're starting to see people get shifting over to bigger capacity points as well. So I do think exabyte growth is still going to continue. I don't think I'm calling the top of the peak at 10% yet. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Karl Ackerman with Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Karl Ackerman : I wanted to maybe shift gears a little bit and talk about something that hasn't been asked yet. But just on the systems business that was up 14% sequentially, pretty good performance. I'm guessing that segment also performed well from systems revenue, selling your high capacity offerings. But maybe you could just discuss some of the traction you're seeing in SSDs and kind of what you're seeing for that broad segment, how we should think about that in the March quarter? 
Dave Mosley : Yes. I would say on this from a systems perspective, we're happy with what we've done with the portfolio, which is, we're not making boxes that don't have any Seagate products in them anymore. Now we're making boxes full of -- chalk full of Seagate products right, with lots of drives, 100 drives or plus in some of the boxes. And that's a great vehicle to go move higher capacity drives into the market quickly. So I'm happy with the pivot the team has made. I think there's some opportunity to go grow it as well.  On the SSD side, I think customers are very happy with our products, we continue to service those customers and I think as -- I'm not the first one to be saying this, the market seems to be stabilizing vis-à-vis what it was a year ago. So we'll continue to service those customers in a meaningful way I think. 
Karl Ackerman : Just maybe one last one if I may. CapEx did spike up a little bit this quarter. When we think about the forward trajectory, are you adding capacity for 16 and 18-terabyte that speaks to what's to come in the back half of the calendar year, or are you suggesting a breadth of SKUs is needed as enterprise customers’ capacity needs are bifurcating between high and mid range SKUs? Thanks. 
Dave Mosley : Actually interesting. I think the first one and it's not just that it's also the transition that we have to make to HAMR. We think that long lead time capital is the important stuff, the heads and media to get it online for the growth that we see in the cloud, and we're investing for it. So we are confident in our 16, 18, 20-terabyte ramps, same platform like we've been talking about. We need to make the heads and media investments to make sure that we have enough in the market when the demand is out there. 
Gianluca Romano : Yes. Let me add that we are still focusing on keeping the CapEx in the range that we gave at the Analyst Day, so between 6% and 8% of our revenue. We don't expect to go above this range in any quarter. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Josh. To summarize, we're continuing to manage the business well optimizing profitability and generating cash to fund our future growth and deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. And the world is just creating data at a breakneck pace, which in turn drives secular growth for mass capacity storage and needs for cost-effective data management solutions and I believe in our technology roadmap, our product portfolio. I think Seagate is very well positioned to capitalize on all these trends. So I'd like to once again thank all our customers, suppliers, business partners, employees for their contributions to our performance and also like to thank the shareholders for their ongoing support. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Denise, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Shanye. Executive
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today are Dave Mosley, Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September 2019 quarter on the Investors Section of our website. During today's call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We've not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our December-quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities and general market conditions. These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental information posted on the Investors Section of our website. Following today's prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Good morning, everyone. And for those of you here in Europe, good afternoon. Thanks for joining us. I will start today's call by summarizing key highlights from the September quarter, sharing our views on the market on the relevance to Seagate, and outlining the progress we've made on our key priorities. Afterwards Gianluca will provide further details on our financial results and our outlook for the December quarter. Following the prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. Seagate had a solid start to the fiscal year, increase in revenue, non-GAAP operating profit, earnings per share, cash flow quarter-over-quarter. Our focus on optimizing profit dollars is driving strong and sustainable operating cash flow to fund our future growth, extend our technology leadership and sustain our strong capital return program. Over the past 12 months, we have returned a total of $2 billion to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchase -- reflecting our ongoing commitment to enhancing shareholder value. Our Board approved an increase to our quarterly dividend, demonstrating their confidence in our future growth and cash generation capabilities. This marks the first time in four years that we've raised our dividend. Moving forward, we plan to review the dividend payment consistently over time. Let me now share some perspectives on the near-term market environment, starting with mass capacity storage. This market is growing, both in terms of dollars and exabytes, and is comprised nearline, video and image applications, including surveillance, and NAS drives. The mass capacity storage market supports cloud and edge applications that are data-centric and require reliable, cost-effective, high-capacity storage best suited to HDD. In the September quarter, we delivered strong double-digit revenue growth in nearline, supported by improving demand across cloud and hyperscale customers. We are aggressively ramping our 16-terabyte nearline drives to fulfill strong customer demand for these products. With more than a dozen cloud and OEM customers qualified and several others underway, we are executing very well and are tracking to plan against our product maturity and customer qualification timelines. Based on our current outlook, we expect to ship more than 1 million drives in the December quarter, which would make 16 terabytes the fastest nearline product ramp in Seagate's history. Revenue from video and image applications declined in the September quarter following an unusually strong June period. Geopolitical tensions and regulatory hurdles continued to disrupt customers typical buying patterns across multiple markets, including surveillance. We expect some demand volatility to persist over the near term. And with the transition to IT 4.0, we see the emergence of edge storage applications, which like surveillance utilize high-definition video and image processing. For example, smart factories, smart cities and IoT, all require large amounts of data, which can benefit from low-cost high-reliability disk drives. We believe these video and image processing applications continue to represent meaningful growth opportunities for Seagate over the long term. In our legacy markets, which include mission critical, desktop, notebook, DVR, gaming and consumer applications, we saw a seasonal uptick in revenue in the September quarter. As we shared in the past, these markets contributed to Seagate's cash flow while requiring a little additional investment. Importantly, many of the enterprise customers and OEM partners that we are supporting in the legacy markets are the same ones we expect to create new storage growth opportunities at the edge and in private clouds, along with other new customers. With the trend towards a multi-cloud world and the build-out of the private cloud, customers are seeking to follow the same economical disk-centric storage architectures as the large public cloud providers. Low cost, high-density storage platforms are integral part of the solution to address data-rich workload requirement, as Seagate's high-density scalable system solutions are ideally suited to these big data applications. We believe Seagate's strong technology road map, broad product portfolio and deep customer relationships, make us well positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities we foresee ahead. We forecast the mass capacity storage revenue TAM will more than double from current levels by 2025, supported by ongoing demand from the public cloud to build out of the private cloud and emerging edge storage applications. To capture this growing demand, we are executing our strategy to be first to introduce new product solutions in the market and consistently deliver cost and performance benefits to our customers. Today, Seagate is the only company mass producing 16-terabyte drives, which are the capacity benchmark for the industry. We are preparing to ship 18-terabyte drives in the first half of calendar year 2020 to maintain our industry capacity leadership. We are also driving areal density leadership with our revolutionary HAMR technology, which enables Seagate to achieve at least 20% areal density CAGR over the next decade. We remain on track to ship 20-terabyte HAMR drives in late calendar year 2020. As drive densities increase multi-actuator technology is required to maintain fast access to data and scale drive capacity without compromising performance. We generated revenue from our MACH.2 dual actuator solutions for the first time in the September quarter. We are working with multiple customers to qualify these drives, including a leading US hyperscale customer, who is qualifying the technology to meet their rigorous service level agreements without having to employ costly hardware upgrades. We expect to see demand for dual actuator technology to increase as customers transition to drive capacities above 20 terabytes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our September quarter results and share our outlook for the December quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. We executed well in the fourth quarter, growing revenue, operating income and operating cash flow to support strong return for our shareholders. Compared to the prior quarter, revenue increased 9% to $2.58 billion, above our guidance midpoint. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.03, at the high-end of our guidance range. Our performance was underpinned by improving demand for mass capacity storage. Further, exabyte shipments increased 16% quarter-over-quarter to 98 exabyte, driven largely by our nearline products. Revenue for the enterprise market, which includes nearline and mission critical drives, representing 45% of total September quarter revenue, up from 41% in the June quarter. Exabyte shipments into the enterprise market increased 34% sequentially to 51 exabyte, with nearline drives representing the vast majority of that total. Average capacity for nearline drive increased 10% quarter-over-quarter, reflecting the ongoing transition to higher capacity volume. Our 16-terabyte drives was a fastest growing nearline product, both in terms of revenue and exabyte. We anticipate strong demand for these products across cloud, hyperscale and OEM partners, and expect 16-terabyte to be our highest enterprise revenue product in fiscal Q2 and our largest company revenue contributor in fiscal Q3, ahead of our prior expectation to meet these milestones in the fiscal Q4 time frame. Revenue and exabyte shipments for our mission critical drives were sequentially higher in the September quarter. We continue to serve this customer demand for this performance drives, which has remained fairly consistent over the past several quarters. Revenue for the edge non-compute market represented 31% of total September quarter revenue, compared with 34% in the June quarter. Exabyte shipments remained flat at 33 exabyte quarter-over-quarter, as non-compute is comprised of surveillance, NAS, gaming, DVR and consumer applications. As noted on our prior call, a few surveillance customers accelerated demand into the June quarter, which resulted in slightly lower revenue in the quarter. As Dave mentioned earlier, applications such as surveillance, which utilize high-definition video and image processing, continue to be a meaningful growth opportunity for Seagate moving forward. Revenue from the edge compute market, including desktop and notebook price, contributed 17% of total revenue compared to 18% in the June quarter. Exabyte shipments increased 7% sequentially to 15 exabytes, reflecting seasonal demand for both desktop and notebook drives. Aligning with what we presented during our recent Analyst Day, we will change how we present our HDD business. Starting in the December quarter, we will breakout revenue and exabyte shipments in two primary categories, mass capacity storage and legacy market. Mass capacity is made up of nearline, video and image applications and NAS. This represents growing market that support data-centric applications, requiring high capacity, low-cost storage well suited to HDD. Our other HDD products are sold into legacy market. Mass capacity storage has been increasing as a percentage of our total revenue and contributed 47% of September quarter revenue, compared with 35% just two years ago. We expect this growth trend to continue over the next few years. The legacy markets made up 46% of total September quarter revenue. Our non-HDD business made out the remaining 7% of revenue with growth from both system and SSD solutions. By adding non-hard disk drive revenue, up 12% quarter-over-quarter. We continued to gain traction in our system business with OEMs and other customers. Within our SSD business, the pricing environment has been challenging for multiple quarters. Our main focus has been on enterprise SSDs, which complement our mass capacity HDD solution to provide our customers with a more complete storage solution portfolio. We remain focused on servicing those areas of the market where Seagate can deliver value to our customers. As a reminder, we're extending the useful life[Phonetic] of our capital equipment from a range of three years to five years to a range of three years to seven years, which resulted from a more efficient use of capital. This change lowered September quarter depreciation by approximately $23 million, a majority of which was included in cost of goods sold. Accounting for these change, non-GAAP gross margins for the September quarter was approximately flat with the prior period at about 27%. On top of the challenging industry conditions we discussed over the last few quarters, we incurred higher-than-expected costs associated with the initial ramp of our new products, which impacted gross margin by approximately 50 basis points. Looking ahead, we expect margins to improve as production scale and 16-terabyte drives become a more meaningful part of our total revenues. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the 14-week quarter came in lower than planned at $359 million. Discretionary costs and costs associated with the extra week were both lower than our original outlook. We are continuing to efficiently manage expenses and optimize profitability. In the September quarter, we expanded non-GAAP operating income to $329 million or approximately 13% of revenue. We expect to see financial leverage as we grow revenue and execute our road map to reduce cost per terabyte. We delivered non-GAAP EPS of $1.03, which was at the high end of our guidance range. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $147 million representing about 6% of September quarter revenue. We expect capex for the fiscal year to be near the midpoint of our target range of 6% to 8% of revenue to support our exabyte capacity expansion plans and prepare for the ramp of our HAMR Technology. We delivered healthy free cash flow of $309 million, up 4% sequentially. We utilized $450 million to retire a 9.2 million ordinary shares, exiting the quarter with 263 million shares outstanding, down 8% from the prior year. Through a combination of opportunistic share repurchase and dividends, we returned $620 million to shareholders in the quarter. As we announced[Phonetic] during the Analyst Day, our Board approved a 3% increase to our quarterly dividend payment to $0.65 per share, payable on January 8, 2020. This increase reflect our positive long-term demand outlook, as well as our confidence in sustainable cash generation. We've also been focused on further improving our balance sheet. During the September quarter, we successfully marketed a $500 million six-year term loan to restructure a portion of our debt. Through these efforts, we extended leverage debt maturity profile, lowered annual interest expenses by $13 million and reduced total debt to $4.1 billion. As of the end of September, cash and cash equivalents were $1.8 billion, with access to up to $1.5 billion available through our revolver. Looking ahead to our outlook for the December quarter, we expect total revenues to be in the range of $2.72 billion plus-or-minus 5%. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be above the midpoint of our long-term target range of 13% to 16% of revenue, driven by top line growth and improved gross margin. And non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.32 plus-or-minus 5%. Overall, we are executing very well, and while we continue to face geopolitical challenges, we believe improving industry demand combined with the ramp of our 16-terabyte drives, a solid foundation for revenue and profitability growth in the fiscal year 2020. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, Seagate is consistently delivering solid performance and advancing our key business initiatives. We're generating sustainable cash flow and directing capital towards areas that provide the greatest return for all of our stakeholders. We are successfully scaling exabyte capacity and executing the Company's fastest ever production ramp on a nearline drive at 16 terabytes. We are on track to introduce HAMR and MACH.2 dual-actuator technologies to drive areal density and scale performance with capacity to deliver lower total cost of ownership to our customers over the next decade. While we are mindful of global macro uncertainties and the recent industry dynamics, we remain focused on delivering value for all of our stakeholders by executing our technology road map and optimizing profitability, and free cash flow. We continue to expect revenue and profitability to grow in fiscal 2020, with the second half projected to be somewhat stronger than the first supported by our 16 terabyte ramp and improving mass capacity storage demand. Through our ongoing execution, leading technology roadmap and deep customer relationships, Seagate is well positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities in mass capacity storage. Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their contributions to the ongoing success of our business. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Karl Ackerman with Cowen. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Two if I may. There has been much investor debate whether you are better positioned among peers, who are gaining share in nearline, as you and one peer have 16-terabyte today, another one is in the lead on 14-terabyte[Phonetic]. But are there any other attributes that you'd like to call out that we should be aware of aside from just capacity per drive that would enable you gain share over the next few quarters? And I have a follow-up, please.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Thanks, Karl. I think, to simply put, the demand is increasing in nearline and we also see that the 16-terabyte is last with customers and so we have fairly good relationships, predictably getting into their architectures. I think we feel pretty comfortable that we'll be able to hit this volume ramp. I can't really speak to what other people might do on their capacity points, but being that, that's a leading exabyte point that's right in front of us. And probably, through significant portion of the next calendar year as well, we feel pretty strong.
Karl Ackerman: Got it. That's helpful. If I could ask you a question on gross margins, which I know that message today and on your Analyst Day has been around operating margins. But one of your competitors this week alluded to some pricing pressure in nearline. Do you think that pricing pressure will get worse before it gets better? Do you think pricing is the main reason why, maybe, we haven't seen an inflection yet in your margins -- gross margins that is despite higher levels of enterprise mix? And maybe more importantly though, as we continue to push the aerial density curve, and you certainly can leverage the additional capital required to pursue this greater complexity of heads and disks in the high-capacity points. Why can't margins push toward that fore handle[Phonetic]? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: They certainly can. I'll let Gianluca elaborate on the impact of the ramp costs that he mentioned in the script. But first just let me say that in our business, to your point, gross margin is a function of supply and demand, very specific to the demand for the products that you have. And for the last few quarters, exabyte demand was relatively weak. I mean, if I go back three quarters ago, we sense this was happening. We made conscious decision to throttle bills, manage cash, inventory, really carefully. And also start converting production to the new platforms. By the way, the new platforms are not just the 16-terabyte, but we have continued to ramp a various cost reductions for other products across the portfolio. So demand is definitely picking up. That's why -- one of the reasons why we're confident. The strength of the demand will go through the back half of this fiscal year, I think and potentially even further than that. So we feel like calendar year 2020 is very -- is a lot stronger than calendar 2019. And with the new products, I'm confident we'll get into that opex[Phonetic] model range that we talked about. Quite quickly, that's why Gianluca mentioned that we'd be above the midpoint of our long-term operating range in Q2 than what we drive it. To you point, I think gross margins will rise with all of those dynamics, and Gianluca, I'll let him elaborate here.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Hey, Karl, thank you for the question. So, as we discussed in the previous earnings release call, we did not ramp all the production at full capacity in the last two or three quarters. And that was generating under-utilization charges that was higher, let's say, three quarters ago and they're starting to reduce. During this period of time, we are still adding capex, giving us the opportunity for even higher capacity when we are ready to take benefit from that. And I know, we have strong demand. So we are ramping hard. It's basically on our 16-terabyte, but also other product on lower capacities. When we ramp so fast, sometimes you have additional costs, a little bit lower yield, a little bit of additional scrap. We had a little bit of those impacts in F Q1. We don't expect that to happen again in F Q2 and after that. So we expect margins in general, so gross margin and operating margin to improve starting F Q2.
Dave Mosley: And I think, one other point we'd make is that -- to your point, we have to make sure we make the investments. So we've been investing in capex for the heads and media that we need to stage for the exabyte growth. So Let's make sure we make those investments and get paid for those investments. So we're mindful of that over the long term as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from...
Karl Ackerman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Oh Sorry. Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good morning. I had two questions. First on, a follow-up on the gross margin question. I know you're not providing guidance beyond the current quarter, but is it safe to assume that as you ramp capacity the yield issues and scrap issues that you mentioned are less than the incremental margins that you would garner from the new products? If you could just sort of elaborate on what that path might look like? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Steven, that's exactly the right way to think about it. And it's not just one capacity point, which we all tend to fixate on, there's other cost refreshes as we talked about through the rest of the portfolio. So we feel pretty good about that strength going into next year.
Gianluca Romano: And in this, to bear in mind, we are saying that we expect the second half of the fiscal year to be stronger than the first half. So, of course, this is part of our confidence in the result.
Steven Fox: All right, that's helpful. And then just a question on the surveillance drives. I understand what you said in the prepared remarks about the tougher comparisons in some of the changes that you saw this quarter. What is the recent demand, say, though for surveillance drive prospects for the next few quarters? Are you lowering those or do you see different mix of capacity points, etc? Could you just give a little bit more view on that? Thanks.
Steven Fox: All right, that's helpful. And then just a question on the surveillance drives. I understand what you said in the prepared remarks about the tougher comparisons in some of the changes that you saw this quarter. What is the recent demand, say, though for surveillance drive prospects for the next few quarters? Are you lowering those or do you see different mix of capacity points, etc? Could you just give a little bit more view on that? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: It's a really interesting question. If I go back about a year to 18 months, the demand -- the box demand was actually higher. The exabytes have grown certainly in surveillance and some of the other mass capacity markets. But we started talking about three quarters ago about demand disruptions. And it's kind of interesting, the people want to focus that on just one local, but really that can be much more broadly based and it could have to do with people pulling stuff in, because they are speculative, maybe I think, they can gain share or something like that. So that demand has been disruptive for quite a while. The end demand -- the end market demand is strong for exabyte, and we believe it will continue to grow strongly next year. Exactly how we satisfy that demand is -- it is still a question. And what's interesting about some of the global markets is they're, really more what we call white brand markets. There is -- the people making the final buy decision out there is actually doing integration in a business or in a home or something like that. But it is a fairly small box size. We don't think that end demand is slowing down at all. As a matter of fact, we think it's growing.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. A couple of questions. First, enterprise price per exabyte sell much more this quarter than in the recent history. Can you just talk about, is that mix or like-for-like price aggression in the market?
Dave Mosley: I think -- I don't think ours fell too much. I mean we're still analyzing what just went up. But I don't think ours fell too much. I think Katy, what I would say is that, a few quarters ago demand was soft, and so therefore there may have been some behaviors like that. I think as we feel -- going forward, we feel very confident about where we are, and that's one of the reasons why we think we can get back to that gross margin range.
Katy Huberty: And then last quarter you talked about some different behavior in buying in the China market. Intel gave an actual revenue attribution to some pull forward of demand ahead of tariffs. Any dynamic in your business this quarter, as it relates to a benefit from early buying around trade negotiations?
Dave Mosley: I would say that, it's still disturbed. And to your point, that's kind of what we discussed, not only last quarter but the quarter before, I think as well. There -- it's a Steven's question. Those disturbances are still present. I think we said something like that in the prepared remarks as well. I think that the end demand is still not strong. And I feel like calendar year 2020 will be better than calendar year 2019. We're certainly going into January quarter last year. We were signaling that we saw the softness. So the end demand is still there, I think, and it's just a matter of how do we exactly fulfill that end demand.
Gianluca Romano: And then...
Katy Huberty: Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Katy, going back to your question for price impact terabyte in nearline, as you know, we also increased our average capacity per drive in that segment. And usually when you have this increase of the average capacity, you have a little bit of decrease in price per terabyte.
Katy Huberty: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I have two as well, if I can. I guess, going back a little bit to the gross margin line. Obviously, the yield ramp on 16 TBs and then I guess, as we look forward, the progression of HAMR into next year. But I'm just curious as you kind of add capacity, how should we think about the level of capacities shipped as kind of -- your kind of full utilization level here as we look out over the next couple of quarters? I'm just kind of curious relative to where we stand this last quarter at 98 exabytes.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the exabyte capacity will go up very strongly over the next few quarters. I'll let Gianluca talk here in a second. But Aaron, the way I would say it is 16 terabytes of some of the driver for that. There is other products across the portfolio that are driving as well, the margin improvement. We think we've positioned things well. It's a subtle point but a lot of the capital positioning is actually in heads and media. So it's different than drive capacity if you will. So, -- and so we're really responding proactively to that exabyte growth, making sure we have the right products ramped and at good yields and everything when the demand gets bigger.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we are still not at full capacity, and we are still adding some capex. We have a huge expectation for volume increase demand in the next, I would say, two or three quarters. So we are preparing to satisfy that demand. And we should be at full capacity, I would say, maybe in two quarters from now. But of course CapE we want to add in few days.
Dave Mosley: And over the very long -- you know that's long lead time capital as well. But over the very long haul, I think to one of the earlier questions. We need to make sure we have that capacity in place, because we do believe there'll be constraints.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up, as -- there was, not necessarily a competitor of yours, but a company last night alluded to basically a notable pause at one of the hyperscale guys. They also talked about hyperscale companies moving to more -- almost a more real-time procurement cycle. How would you characterize your engagement with the hyperscale guys as far as the visibility in demand for the nearline drives? Has that changed at all over the past few quarters as we kind of think about this recovery that seems to be you're confident kind of continuing to last over the next couple of quarters?
Dave Mosley: I would characterize our engagement as very strong, and their problems -- depending on who they are, they're different, but their problems are very complex. So it's not a one size fits all the answer. And I think part of the issue that you might see with other companies that I won't speculate too much, but the issues you might see if you're qualified on one part of an architecture and also that architecture gets delayed for whatever reason, it could be impactful. I think, generally speaking, some componentry and hard drives are in there as well, tend to be fairly broad-based, although, for example, we may have an 8-terabyte drive qualified on one architectural point and that doesn't move as fast. So it's not like the entire fleet transitions at the same time. These customers have complex not only supply chains, but also problems sets themselves. And I'm speaking globally as well. As the bigger the world gets, the more -- there is some of these inherent inhibitions to transitions. They have to make sure that they test them against more complex set. So it's not surprising to me that from time to time that you can see one architecture affecting you. But I think most of the demand that we see is -- across exabytes broad based across architectures that -- what drives our confidence.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Muse with Evercore. Your line is open.
Christopher Muse: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Your first question, as you think about the 16-terabyte ramp really accelerating in the first half of the year, how should we think about seasonality into your March quarter versus what typically at least over the last five years is tracked down 10% sequentially?
Dave Mosley: Yes, good question. Thanks. There will be seasonality in some of the legacy markets that we always talk about. But I think the exabyte demand in the mass capacity markets is strong. And there, obviously, dynamics in one quarter with Chinese New Year coming and then the quarter after that is the seasonally weakest quarter, but we think that there is such strength. That's why we're so confident in our back-half revenue numbers that I may have referenced here earlier. There is also a fairly large transition that will happen between people who would -- exactly to the earlier question, the people who were on 8s or 12s or 14s and made transition to the 16s, or 18s, sometime way next year. As all those transitions go up, the exabytes growth is very good. And so getting out substantially is our top priority.
Christopher Muse: Very helpful. As my follow-up, considering you had the extra week in the September quarter, is the math just simply removing that week, so roughly $350 million opex, and as part of that, how should we kind of model that trajectory of opex beyond the December quarter into calendar 2020.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, OpEX F Q1 was actually will be better than what we were planning. But you are right. So if -- one-extra week, I would model fairly flat for the next, maybe quarter or two.
Dave Mosley: We think we can support all the customer transitions that we need to without raising opex -- we can always trim if we had to, depending on macro conditions. But we don't really see that need right now. So I think flat is a good way to model it.
Christopher Muse: So to be clear. So flat at $378 million[Phonetic] even though you had the extra week in September?
Gianluca Romano: I think, your $378 million is providing including share-based compensation. So you should take that out of there. Just look at what we reported yesterday.
Christopher Muse: Okay, good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, thanks for taking the question guys. I was going to say good morning but good afternoon for you guys. Two, if I could. The first is a clarification on gross margin. Gianluca, you had mentioned one or two items that could be adjusted back to get a sense of structural gross margin. You mentioned 50 basis point headwind from new product ramp costs, and then there is mention of a $23 million impacting gross margin as well. Are those separate items? And I guess, my question, if they are, is it an accurate way to think of kind of structural gross margin, I guess, 50 basis points impact from each of that. So it would be actually be a 100 basis points higher for the quarter. And walk us through that If that's not accurate. Thanks. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Gianluca Romano: I'm sorry, Ananda, we couldn't hear you second part of the question. So a 50 basis points we got it. What is the second one?
Ananda Baruah: The other one was, there was a mention -- you made a mention of a $23 million impact. And the question is, is that separate from the 50 basis points from the new product cost ramps?
Gianluca Romano: Yes, so -- yes. And the 50 basis points that are related to, let's say, lower yields and higher scrap -- related to that ramp, we don't expect that to happen in F Q2. So you should count that as an improvement. I think the $23 million that I mentioned in the prepared remarks were the depreciation change -- was a impact of the depreciation. Now in F Q2, you will have a little bit higher impact. So you should consider also this one. The timing when you start the change, part of the impact is in inventory. So Q1 was -- P&L impact was $23 million [Indecipherable] a little bit higher, not much higher, a little bit higher.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. Understood. And then the second question is just with regards to where the hyperscale cycle is right now? Dave, is it accurate that you mentioned in the prepared remarks that it's a little bit of ahead of expectations were you guys thought it would be? And then I guess like, how -- you made comments in the past about what you think potential for this cycle could be with regards to growth. Do you still feel those are valid? Could you give us an update there? How you feel, sort of, what you're thinking in terms of growth potential?
Dave Mosley: Yes, from the demand perspective, it's about where we thought it would be. It doesn't mean that it ticks and ties everywhere where we thought it would be, but it's about relative to where we thought it would be. There is some indication that there is -- to the point I made earlier about the complexity that some of the global partners have to qualify new products and things like that. We think that there is a little bit of an urge around that, but obviously[Phonetic], suggest that even thought it might be later, it suggests a higher demand to get back to the point of 18 months ago when the demand was very high. So that's one of the reasons we feel comfortable about the demand cycle. I think, what we talked about was a 16 terabytes on plan to slightly ahead of plan. So happy with the qualifications across more than a dozen OEMs now. We start -- we ship those first drives in April remember. So there has been a lot of work to get here. The qualifications have run very well. Customer demand is high and that's where we get more bullish.
Ananda Baruah: Okay, that's great. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions -- the first one is just to kind of flesh out a bit on the data center side. So if I hear this right, the data center piece is probably going to be one of the faster growing end markets for you guys in kind of December and March. Are there any ways to directionaly help us out in terms of what markets you guys have seen do better over the next couple of quarters or so?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think definitely data centers are the strength that we're seeing. We call it all there, like -- I get your your point, but globally, different people are building on different types of data centers. But we call it all nearline strength.
Mitch Steves: Yes. The second one I had is, your competitors kind of talked about the 30% gross margins for hard disk drive in December. So how long should we expect kind of a product transition? I kind of understand the investments cycle out there. But how long should we wait? And do you guys think you can hit maybe 30% on the HDD side?
Gianluca Romano: Well, we don't guide gross margin. As I said, we expect F Q2 to be higher than F Q1, and you can probably model based on our revenue and EPS guidance. But as we said, we expect an improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Dave Mosley: Yes, the opex will be above the midpoint of the range as well. And so we'll just -- continue to look at the value that we provide. And customers' demand, like I said, is strong. So we continue to work that. Our cost reductions are good. So all vectors are pointed in the right way -- direction. But we don't want to get specific on guidance.
Mitch Steves: Yes, let me ask you in a different way. Is 30% attainable for the Company, gross margins long term?
Dave Mosley: Certainly, the demand -- if the demand picture is high enough, Yes. I mean we...
Mitch Steves: Okay.
Dave Mosley: Eventually driven the capital -- the operations to be sized for exabyte growth. And if the demand picture goes there then we have the right products to get it. Sure.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. I have two questions as well. Thanks for taking them. First is on the fiscal 20 revenue outlook. I think at the Analyst Day the Company talked about the potential for revenue to increase in fiscal 2020. And on the comments today, I think, we talked about having some good backlog and expecting strength in second half fiscal 2020. So as you sit today, do you still think that's achievable? And any more quantification you may be able to provide around fiscal 2020 Revenue.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that's the right takeaway mark, and that's where the confidence comes. The one thing, we did -- I did mentioned earlier was, as some of the transitions that are going on globally from one platform to another in spite some of the different customers, there is more opportunity I think for us to have a better product portfolio in there, whether it's a lower cost, lower capacity drives or whether it's the 16-terabyte kind of marquee point, that provides us opportunities to get more revenue than we have.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That's helpful. And my second question is a follow-up on some of the prior questions on gross margins. I understand and there has been some near term headwinds around cost and yields. But if we look at gross margins for both Seagate and your main competitor there, they're down cycle-to-cycle compared to where they had been in past points when nearline was doing well. I'm assuming pricing has gotten a bit more difficult. But is there anything else beyond pricing, that those maybe more structural? I don't know if nearline mix increases more towards hyperscale compared to be more balanced in the past between OEM and hyperscale. Is that having an effect or anything else that may be more structural versus temporal in nearline gross margins? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I can only really speak to us. So what I would say is that demand is not as strong as it was 18 months ago, to your point. The peak at the last cycle, Q4, Q1 a year ago, demand was quite strong then. So it's not been a strong, but we think it's the strength of building, and that's what we've been talking about, and then having the right products in the market that we feel comfortable to ramp and high volume against that, that's what gives us the confidence.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi guys. I just wondering as you look at the next time of transition, when do you expect that to ramp? What do you expect the mix would be end of 20 years, mid-2021ph? And if you could give us some margin profile or cost profile on that? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that's -- Thanks for the question. There is -- the highest capacities, which -- depending on where you're shipping them, the qualification cycles can be long or short. There's also opportunities for even lower capacities built out in that same platform. So, we will ramp that to your point as the yields makes sense. And if the cost makes sense to insert in the market. As time goes on, we gain confidence because we keep solving the engineering problems. So we're pretty happy about that. I think there is 18-TB before, there's 20-TB as well. So I think that's going to come to the market. But the HAMR transition is ultimately something that's going to drive us forward into 2021 and 2022. And we'll continue to ramp there.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then, I think you mentioned nearline or overall you're seeing a little softness. As you look through 2021, do you expect overall data center spending, nearline spending to be more back half loaded or middle of the year, any some more colour if you can give? Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Are you talking about fiscal year or calendar year?
Vijay Rakesh: Calendar year, sorry.
Dave Mosley: Oh Sorry, Calendar year, so yes, calendar year 2019 was relatively muted, especially in the first two quarters. Calendar year 2020 will be stronger year-over-year and it's more broad based exactly to your questions. That -- not only the exabyte transitions that are going on, but the demand picture as well.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. Earlier in the call, you mentioned you will be fully loaded or higher utilization rates, can you remind us of that time period, and was that calendar or fiscal year? And then as a follow-up as HAMR ramps up, will there be much of a impact to operating or gross margins? As we go about that, I know, certain technology changes. Do you have a meaningful impact to margins like short-term headwind and then longer-term positive, but I just didn't know what's HARM ramping if it's going to be material to your company-wide margins? Thank you.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, in terms of capacity, I said we will be close to full capacity in the next couple of quarters. So let's say in the first half of calendar year. And Dave maybe taking the HAMR question.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think on HAMR we will do the right thing. As time goes on, we'll continue to manage for operating income and free cash flow and continue to work the cost to the earlier question. I don't expect it to change the model. Obviously, we want to drive the model as hard as we can, and if we can drive it to the high end or drive the model up that's great too. But I don't expect HAMR to change the model.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for your clarifications. Its greatly appreciated.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Dave Mosley for closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Thank you. Once again thank all of our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners for all their contributions to our third quarter performance, and thanks to our shareholders for their ongoing support. We'll talk to you all next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.+

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kelly, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today are Dave Mosley, Seagate’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June 2019 quarter on the Investors section of our website. During today’s call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in the earnings press release posted on our website and Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We’ve not reconciled certain non-GAAP outlook measures because material items that may impact these measures are out of our control and or cannot be reasonably predicted. Therefore, reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable efforts. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our September quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities and general market conditions. These statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. Following today’s prepared remarks, we’ll do our best to accommodate your question. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. And we’ll start off by summarizing key highlights from the June quarter and sharing some perspectives on the market before outlining our progress on our key priorities. Afterwards, Gianluca will discuss details on our June quarter financial results and provide our outlook for the September quarter. Following the prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. Seagate continues to deliver on its financial commitments, achieving June quarter results that were solidly in line with our expectations. We recorded revenue of $2.37 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.86, both toward the upper end of our guidance range against the backdrop of increasing geopolitical uncertainty and regulatory hurdles. These broader macro conditions disrupted our customers’ buying patterns, causing trepidation amongst some of our enterprise and OEM partners, while prompting others to accelerate demand, including a few surveillance customers. Our ability to adapt to market volatility and intelligently manage our business enabled us to increase revenue and exabyte shipments quarter-over-quarter, supported by improving demand for our nearline drives from cloud and hyperscale customers. Additionally, our fiscal year performance demonstrates solid execution on our priorities to optimize profitability and free cash flow. We have been successfully pivoting the business towards growing markets, which include enterprise nearline drives, edge stores for surveillance and NAS, and our cloud system solutions. In fiscal 2019, we delivered annual revenue of $10.4 billion, of which approximately half was derived from these markets. These applications require reliable, cost-effective mass storage, making them well suited to our portfolio products. Importantly, they contributed an even higher percentage of our gross profit, providing a solid platform for margins to expand as they become a greater part of our overall revenue. At the same time, we are continuing to supply HDDs into mature markets, which include mission-critical, edge compute, DVR, gaming and consumer applications to support our customers’ needs. These products require minimal further investment while contributing nicely to our overall operating income. We are continuing to tightly manage expenses, while prioritizing investments towards areas that deliver the greatest value to our customers and strong returns for Seagate. In fiscal year 2019, we reduced our full year non-GAAP operating expenses by 9%, while increasing our investments in next generation technologies to improve areal density and lower cost per terabyte. We’re leveraging our significant free cash flow generation to enhance shareholder value. In fiscal 2019, we delivered $1.2 billion in free cash flow and returned $1.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, demonstrating our long standing commitment to capital returns as well as our confidence in sustainable cash flow generation. We continue to advance our technology roadmap and focus on being first to market with new product solutions. This strategy enables us to provide our customers with cost and performance benefits and an attractive margin for Seagate. As we shared last quarter, we began shipping our 16 terabyte drives in late March to deliver the world’s highest capacity storage solutions and we have already introduced products for both enterprise and edge storage applications. Customer qualifications are progressing well and we remain on track to ramp high volume shipments leader in calendar year 2019. In addition to driving the next generation of high-capacity storage, we are the first to introduce dual-actuator technology. This technology effectively doubles the performance at the same capacity points, making it ideal for cloud workloads and edge sequential operations servicing large data flows such as video streaming, smart factories, AI and machine learning. Our MACH.2 dual-actuator technology is garnering strong interest. Customers have started to qualify these drives, which we expect to begin shipping later this calendar year and becoming increasingly critical across the industry starting around the 20 terabyte capacity point. Looking ahead, we expect to capture another industry first with the introduction of 20 terabyte capacity drives, which will be based on our highly scalable HAMR technology. Six years ago I stated that HDDs would be 20 terabytes by the end of calendar 2020 and we remain on track to hit that target. We are focused on making the transition to HAMR technology seamless for our customers. Our HAMR drives are built on a common platform to current 16 terabyte drives, which is helping to accelerate maturity and adoption in the market. As we enter fiscal year 2020, we expect the macro-related uncertainties that I described earlier, will continue to have some influence on near-term industry dynamics. However, we expect demand from global cloud and hyperscale customers will continue to improve, particularly for high-capacity drives. Seagate is well positioned to address this growing demand with a strong technology portfolio, deep customer relationships, manufacturing expertise and precision robotics, assembly and analytics, and the supply chain flexibility, which together all enable manufacturing cost advantages. We expect our exabytes shipments into the enterprise nearline market will be well above the long-term CAGR of 35% to 40% in fiscal year 2020. Additionally, we expect to deliver healthy revenue growth year-over-year. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the Gianluca to go into more depth on our June quarter results and share our outlook for the September quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. I’m going to focus on driving strong operational efficiency and effectively managing the business through dynamic market conditions. On a sequential basis, we grew June quarter revenue by 3% to $2.37 billion, and above the midpoint of our guidance range. We increased total exabyte shipments by 10% to 84.5 exabytes and we expended non-GAAP operating income by 8% to $286 million. While the geopolitical situation will remain uncertain, we are seeing improving demand condition particularly among cloud and hyperscale customers for higher capacity nearline drives. Revenue for the enterprise market, which includes nearline and mission-critical hard disk drives, represented 41% of total June quarter revenue, up from 39% in the March quarter, mainly due to stronger demand in nearline drives. Exabyte shipment into the enterprise market were up 15% quarter-over-quarter at 38 exabyte. Nearline drive accounted for more than 90% of that total, with average capacity per nearline drive in nearly 8 terabytes. Revenue from 12 terabytes and higher capacity drives now represent more than 50% of total nearline revenue compared with 36% in the prior quarter. We have successfully qualified our 16 terabyte drive with the number of customer and we expect shipment volume to increase through the fiscal year. Revenue for the edge noncompute market which includes surveillance, NAS, gaming, DVR, and consumer application, increased to 34% of the total June quarter revenue compared to 32% in the prior quarter. Forecast for the calendar year is typically a weaker period for the edge noncompute market. We saw some acceleration in demand from a few surveillance and gaming customers, which led to a sequential increase in revenue and exabyte shipments. We shipped a total of 33 exabytes into the edge noncompute market during the June quarter compared to 29 exabytes in the prior period. Moving now to nearline application, the majority of edge noncompute platforms require a reliable and secure mass data storage, which is we’re aligned to high-capacity disk drives. Revenue from the edge compute market, including desktop and notebook hard disk drives, contributed 18% of total revenue, relative to 20% of revenue in the March quarter. This exabyte shipment down approximately 6% to 14 exabyte, reflecting typical seasonality. Our non-hard disk drive business, including cloud systems and SSD solutions made up the remaining 7% of June quarter revenue, down from 8% in the prior year period. The quarter-over-quarter revenue decline was mainly driven by lower demand from our enterprise SSD customers. Revenue for our cloud system business was slightly down quarter-over-quarter. However, we improved operating profit, which reflect our ability to transition our portfolio to higher revenue products. During the quarter, we jointly announced a new partnership with Cloudian a private cloud market opportunity, across healthcare and research and media and entertainment. Decline The Cloudian solution will be powered by Seagate 15 terabyte high-capacity drives and our new high density product platform, which deliver a cost-effective solution for large-scale deployment. Non-GAAP gross margin for the June quarter was 26.8%, up 20 basis points sequentially on a more favorable product mix. Consistent with our expectations, during the June quarter, we incurred underutilization cost, which we’re only trying to improve from the March quarter and thus, negatively impacting gross margin. We continue to profitably manage our manufacturing outlook while I’m closely with the demand environment, which is that in control for higher capacity drives. Therefore, we are expanding our production capabilities to address future growth opportunities. As a result of this dynamic, underutilization cost will remain a headwind on gross margin until demand fully out of production capacity later in the calendar year. We efficiently managed our non-GAAP operating expenses for the income flat quarter-over-quarter at $350 million, down nearly $50 million from the year-ago period. The combination of slightly higher gross margin and flat operating expenses resulting in non- GAAP EPS of $0.86, for the June quarter, as a high-end of our guidance range and reflecting our ongoing operational efficiency and the expense activity. Cash flow from operations was $448 million in the June quarter. Capital expenditures, were $151 million in the June quarter, and about $600 million for the fiscal year, which was just below 6% of full year revenue. Looking ahead to fiscal 2020, we expect CapEx to be near the midpoint of our target range of between 6% and 8% of revenue to support our plan to increase our manufacturing Exabyte capacity to address growing demand. Free cash flow was a healthy $297 million for the June quarter and $1.2 billion for the full year. During the quarter, we received a cash payment of $1.35 billion from Toshiba Memory Holding Company, for the early redemption of outstanding shares we had with the company. As a reminder, just over a year ago, Seagate made a $1.27 billion investment in TMC preferred shares. The proceeds represent our original investment as well a good interest income. During the June quarter, we retired $272 million in debt, including the repayment of our revolving credit facility. At the end of the quarter, the company debt balance was $4.25 billion, with a gross debt to last 12 months non-GAAP EBITA ratio of just below two times. We repurchased 7.8 million ordinary shares or $350 million, in stating our view Seagate share represent in an attractive investment. We exit the June quarter with 269 million ordinary shares outstanding, down 6% from the prior year. At the end of the quarter, we had $2.2 billion remaining on our authorization. Our Board has again approved a quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on October 9, 2019. Through the combination of dividends and share buyback, Seagate returned approximately $1.7 billion to shareholder in fiscal year 2019 or about 145% of free cash flow, which reflect our focus on enhancing shareholder value. As of the end of June, cash and cash equivalents were at $2.2 billion, up $832 million from the prior quarter, with an additional $1.5 billion available through our revolver. As we enter fiscal year 2020, the industry landscape is improving, and we remain focused on executing plans to expand our manufacturing capacity to address growing demand for mass capacity storage. While reductions as a near-term impact from gross margin, we believe they position Seagate well to capitalize on future growth opportunities. Prior to sharing our quarterly outlook, I would like to outline a change to our financial reporting. Starting in the September quarter, we will begin, excluding share-based compensation expense, from our non-GAAP results because companies utilize different factors and methodologies to calculate their spend, as well as to be more consistent with the majority of our industry peers. This expense is approximately $30 million per quarter, of which majority is included in operating expenses. I would also point out that September quarter give the 14-week period, and we expect to incur additional operating expenses due to higher variable compensation and weak in the quarter. We expect the net impact to operating expense to be an additional $20 million in the September quarter. Taking these factors into account, our outlook for the September quarter is as follows. We expect total revenue to be in the range of $2.55 billion, plus or minus 5%. Non-GAAP gross margin to be relatively flat sequentially; non-GAAP EPS of $0.90, plus or minus 5%. While the macro environment continues to be the near-term demand, we expect Exabyte volumes to meaningfully grow. Over the long term, our focus on the cash generation and a solid balance sheet will provide us the financial strength to capitalize on future storage growth opportunities and enhance shareholder value. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. To summarize, Seagate is executing well on its strategic priorities to optimize profit and free cash flow. We are continuing to manage the business intelligently through industry related cycles and the current market dynamics. Over the longer term, we believe the fundamental demand for data is driving the need for mass storage capacity. Seagate is creating solutions to help customers manage the exponential volumes of data securely, efficiently and cost-effectively. As we enter fiscal 2020, I am confident that we have the financial foundation, manufacturing expertise and technology portfolio to capitalize on these future growth opportunities. We will be hosting an analyst event on September 19 in New York City, where we plan to outline our strategy in more detail. Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for all their contributions to the success of our business. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good morning. I’m surprised gross margin didn’t recover more in the June quarter given the 10% increase in exabytes shipped and the improvement in nearline and in surveillance. It sounds like underutilization is still an issue. Does that tie entirely to the 16 terabyte investments? Or are there other areas of the business where you’re seeing underutilization? And then just how should we think about the progression of gross margins over the next couple of quarters as 16 terabyte ramps? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Katy. At a very high level, no, it doesn’t tie to the ramp of the 16 terabyte, but I’ll describe the market dynamics and then let Gianluca do a walk on specific impacts if that’s more helpful. I don’t think we should underestimate the disruptions in the market from a demand perspective that we saw in Q4 and continue to see ramifications of the Q1. There’s a lot of supply that was pushed into the market, I think into channels that are not necessarily tied to revenue quickly. And that’s partly because people were buying things in anticipation of maybe supply disruptions that didn’t happen. And I think those factors have actually played into the quarter to quarter compare, and may even be a little bit of part of underutilization as well just as we try to tie those things back together because, as you know, we like to build only what the customers absolutely need and those disruptions have impacted us. I think if I step to the very high level in the industry and look at revenue per terabyte, you can see the revenue per terabyte is going down quite a bit. Now, some of that’s the transition to higher capacity drives, some of that’s, in fact, the cloud is still not fully turned on, but you can see that competitive progress there. How do we get out of it and when as to your question, that’s when we can go drive cost per terabyte. And the biggest product that we have coming there is going to be impactful as 16 as well. But I’ll let Gianluca do the walk as well.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Hi, Katy. So in terms of underutilization cost, in F Q4 we still add about 100 basis points of gross margin that we lost due to underutilization. The overall gross margin was fairly well aligned to our guidance. And as you know, even in EPS we are actually higher than the midpoint of our guidance. So I don’t know, our expectation was to have a much higher gross margin for F Q4. In F Q1, you’ll still have some underutilization cost impacting the gross margin, less than in F Q4, but still probably 50, 60 basis points. So as Dave said, it’s not really related to the 16 terabyte specifically, but we are adding capacity to our manufacturing capabilities because of our expectation of much higher volume coming in the next few quarters. So until we ramp all our production and fulfill the factories, we will add some underutilization costs. And as Dave said, there’s also some pricing pressure in the market that is keeping gross margin maybe a bit lower than what you were expecting. And maybe, let me take the opportunity to talk about also EPS for F Q1. So we guided $0.90 plus or minus 5%. But there are several items that will impact EPS in Q1 in different direction. So first of all, we will have the positive impact of higher revenue, it’s a similar gross as we guided. We also have a positive impact from excluding share-based compensation starting F Q1 in order to be better aligned to our competitors and the normal practice in the industry. And then we have a couple of negative impact. One is OpEx because F Q1 is a 14-week quarter, we will add about $20 million, $25 million higher OpEx in the quarter, and we also have higher OpEx due to the variable compensation. So that is probably another $20 million. Finally, we also have lower interest income because we redeemed our investment in Toshiba. As you know, that investment was generating about $20 million of interest income that we will not have in F Q1, so which is how probably you kind of consolidate $0.86 in F Q4 to the $0.90 in F Q1.
Katy Huberty: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Sorry for the background noise. Just one question. As you ramp 16 terabytes in the interim, is there a meaningful share loss at the cloud that we should consider? And so can you sort of give us a sense for how that sort of plays out over the next few quarters? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Steven. The way I think about it is we’re ramping 16s and communicating to our customers what we want to do on 16s. That’s the platform and we didn’t just stage this platform last month, we’ve been working on for years. So that’s the platform we’ve been out selling to our customers, getting them to align to, getting them aligned on the ramps and so on. So to your point, especially when the market is relatively software nearline, we’ve been down, it’s actually starting to pick backup as we talked about, but it’s not – still not up to full speed and you can see that versus where we were say a year ago when things were really hot. We don’t – we want to make sure we don’t push the wrong drives out there. So from our perspective, let’s not overbuild say for example on 12s or 10s and push those into slots that ultimately the customers, maybe they don’t want for their long-term TCO proposition, they’re going to be putting these data centers up and running the drives for five, seven years, so the TCO proposition for the 16 is huge. We don’t want to be temporarily going after that. So if you call that share loss or something like that, that’s fine, that’s not a metric we’re really managing onto your point.
Steven Fox: Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks. Two real quick questions if I can. So first of all, just kind of trying to understand the gross margin trajectory from here, can you help us appreciate at what level of capacity shipments on a quarterly basis you think that you kind of fully absorb the underutilization of your fabs? I mean, is that north of 100 exabytes or I’m just trying to understand or frame that as we kind of build the model. And again, I do have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that’s good, Aaron. And I think it’s a good way to think about it. So this time last year we were in north of 100 exabytes, and then we’ve dipped down in the 80s in the last couple of quarters when things have been soft. I think we need to get up over 100 now and we’re installing capacity for that. And largely a portion, it’s not just 16 terabytes, right? It’s some of the low cap stuff moving to 8 terabytes and some of the surveillance markets, edge storage markets moving to 4 and 8 terabytes and so on, exactly to your point, but that’s the – those are the utilization targets that we’ve got set and we think it’s going to come, so we’re staging for it.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. And then just not to read too much between the lines, but last quarter, I think you said that the nearline capacity shipments for fiscal 2020 may exceed 35 to 40. Now you’re saying “well above that range, that long-term margin”. So can you help us understand or maybe define what well above means?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that goes back to deep collaborative work with our customers and talking about what exactly they need when they need it and making sure that our ramps are big enough and flexible enough to be able to accommodate their needs. It goes without saying that that 16 terabytes and above, 18 terabytes when we get there, 20 terabytes when we get there, are very meaningful TCO improvements for the customers. They – depending on which ones they may be cycling out old equipment, they may be building new data centers as part of their plans, but all of that improves their capability and they’re going to be running the gear for a long time. So we think we’re up against a fairly, fairly big bubble this time in exabytes.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Muse from Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dave Mosley: Hello?
Operator: C.J., are you there?
Dave Mosley: C.J.?
Christopher Muse: Yes. Can you hear me?
Dave Mosley: Now I can.
Christopher Muse: Yes, sorry about that. I guess, for the September model, I’m having difficulty hitting the numbers. So I guess could you provide guide for OpEx and gross margins including stock-based comp?
Gianluca Romano: No, I just think we will do that, but we [indiscernible] $20 million, so you can cut buybacks early…
Christopher Muse: So I should be thinking $30 million, plus $20 million, plus $25 million, so $75 million higher OpEx Q on Q including stock-based comp?
Gianluca Romano: No. So OpEx stock-based compensation is about $20 million. So you have $20 million that is not included in our guidance because of the stock-based compensation. The 14-week, so the extra week in the quarter, is a similar amount, so $20 million. And then because we’re entering into a new fiscal year in the guidance, there is an assumption for variable compensation that is higher than what we had in the prior quarter. So you need to add all those items and come up.
Christopher Muse: Okay, thank you. And as a follow-up, can you speak to, as you think about gross margins and I know you’re focusing on underutilization, but is the 16 terabyte transition having any impact there? And at what point should that be mitigated?
Gianluca Romano: So we are ramping the 16 terabyte. As you know, the expectation for demand is really strong, but it’s a time like between when we start the capacity and when we can really ramp the production. So this is why we still have some underutilization cost. But depending from how much additional capacity we will add in the next few quarters, but we expect to be fully – close to be at capacity fairly quick, probably a couple of quarters.
Christopher Muse: Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think you can start to see that C.J. in our CapEx numbers a little bit, if you look year-over-year as we’re staging the right technology to be able to get to that. That’s one of the reasons why we reinforced the expectation for revenue growth and FY 2020 as well is because we’re getting to the point where we believe that those TCO propositions are so advantageous that people will stretch for that.
Christopher Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Dave and Gianluca, just – I have two, if I could. The first is just sticking with gross margin, Dave, the metrics around utilization, how to get the margins going, what you’re seeing for the 100 terabytes, that’s really helpful. My question in that regard is, last cycle when you hit that 100, the gross margins I believe are close to 32.5%. And so could you just give us a little more context on, is that the ultimate ceiling again? I guess it’s around the sliding scale and the 100 terabytes. And how we should think about what ceiling could be this time? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Dave Mosley: I’m glad you asked that. If I think about gross margin percent, we don’t manage the business on a day to day perspective for gross margin percent, but it’s a long-term planning item. So when we say last cycle, gosh, it was only a year ago. It just – it feels like the cycles are going very, very quickly. We’re investing to be able to hit the peaks of those cycles better to your point. And then, I think there’s competition as well, which is to my comments – commentary about revenue per terabyte. We need to get cost per terabyte down, but we also have to realize the revenue per terabyte is coming down fairly aggressively as we move. So all these things factor in. Over a longer period of time, the margin range serves as a guide for how we – how much we want to invest, where we think we’re going to go. And I think if you look over the entire fiscal year, to your point, you saw a peak and a valley, if you will. We think there’s another peak coming as well, exactly to your point. So if we – I think if we get to the top end of the range again, we earned it, and we would also, I would also always ask the team though, kind of in quarter if we have the opportunity to go grab dollars, even if they’re dilutive to gross margin percentage, we’ll take it tactically. Does that make sense?
Ananda Baruah: Yes, it does. It does, Dave. That’s very helpful. I appreciate it. And then the second – and then the follow-up is just with regard to 16 terabytes, kind of quality and progression, I believe sort of 90 days ago or at least as we 60 days ago let’s say, you guys were expecting to get the volume September quarter and some context on 60 terabytes, and then to really sort of see things kick up in the December quarter. It sounds like you’re still expecting that in the December quarter of, how is the progression relative to prior expectations through the September quarter? Appreciate it.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re on a fairly aggressive ramp. And remember that the lead times for things like heads and discs and drives are getting longer, especially on these big capacity drives, but we’re still driving it. The qualifications have – really don’t have any significant technical hitches at this point, some have timed out. There’s a few that are for various reasons, customers that pushed a few weeks because their tools weren’t ready or because they’re not ready to intercept with – where they want to, to be able to take a 16 terabyte and a lot of that is about where they want to go. But as far as I’m concerned, we’re pretty happy and we’re definitely staging materials.
Ananda Baruah: I appreciate it.
Gianluca Romano: And, Ananda, you are correct. You will see a big ramp in the December quarter. So we are very active already in this quarter, but you will see much more volume starting next quarter.
Ananda Baruah: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. First, I was hoping to follow-up more on the commentary around revenue per bid. And Dave, you spoke about dual-actuators and improved performance. How do you think that translates into your ability to improve the pricing? What sort of price premium you can get for that type of technology? And as there’s some sort of additional costs, kind of relates to that, what would the gross margin implications be as well?
Dave Mosley: It’s an interesting space, Mark. I don’t think it’s near-term. So just to be quite frank, I think there are some smaller customers who have very high performance workloads, who are really pushing for this technology. And there are some smaller divisions of cloud service providers because of everything – all cloud service providers are not created equal and many have different workloads. So where this technology is immediately applicable is a subset. I think the technology over time becomes much more important. And I would think about it as above 20 terabytes. They’re multiple – you just can’t continue to have bigger drives all behind one actuator at a relative IOPS per terabyte streaming speed that’s less, if that makes sense. So we need to go to this technology. I think it’ll be competitive and I think we’re being driven very hard for it. But I also think it provides – since we’re providing so much more value and if we happen to outcompete, it should be good for us. I think the other interesting thing about the technology is everything I just said about the cloud it’s very applicable back into the edge data centers, which are right now starved for that value I think from a lower cost per terabyte perspective, but also from a performance perspective, and then the rest of the edge is also. If we talk about surveillance drives or something, we’re getting driven for multiple streams in surveillance drives. So the technology is probably relevant there too, but I just want to be very upfront and say that the first instantiation now that we’re shipping these products is going to be, the early adopters if you will, are going to be more niche for awhile.
Mark Delaney: It’s helpful, guys. And my follow-up question, during the past quarter the company announced the EVP of sales will be leading later this year. Can you talk about how Seagate plans to fill that sales position? And are you contemplating, making changes in how you’re going to market going forward? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks for the question. It’s interesting though. I won’t talk about any individual staffing that we’ll do, but I will say that we’re planning on changing how we go to market. It’s really interesting the markets are changing very quickly. The customer types are changing, the customers just even talked about on this call versus two or three years ago. So exactly to your point, there’s a lot of changes going on. The Seagate team is pretty deep. I think as everybody knows, been together for a long time. And I have a ton of faith in the rest of the team. I really think we’ve made great transitions in the last three years and some with Jim’s help. I think going forward we’re going to have to rely on the growth of the Seagate team. And so from my perspective, I am very focused on what – who are the new customers, how are they going to buy, how do we adapt to them, and then there’s some investments we’re probably going to have to make.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hey, good morning. Dave or Gianluca, clearly your PC exposed drives have decelerated last few quarters, presumably following the normalization of NAND ASPs that, I think may get a little bit more economical for SSDs in those environments. Now the past, you’ve kind of acted that headwind by raising the density per drive, while using only one platter. But I guess, from here, how should we think about the leverage you can pull on the cost side to stabilize that business?
Dave Mosley: Karl, it’s interesting. As we said the script that – we talked about how we are doing minimal investments in some of these spaces. But I think what’s important is we’re managing the business for free cash flow over the long term, not over the short term, right? And some of these markets are still, without with minimal investment, the free cash flow is still quite good, operating margins still quite good. As a matter of fact, I would argue that today, the competitor, if you will, that you just talked about being flash drives or something like that are not as good. So – but there is reality of the marketplace. So we’re not really investing a lot in those places, we’ll continue to run them over the long-haul and think about them as, how do we generate free cash flow. There will be disruptions in some of those spaces, we forecast that over time. But I think we have to be careful because the tail is actually quite long as well. I just pick on PCs for a second, because a lot of people like to talk about it. From my perspective, from a hard drive perspective, PCs – the interesting one for hard drives already have full drives in them, so it’s actually a longer tail. And there’s a reason why the HDDs in their end, the ASPs in their end, so I don’t really think of it as per se at either/or. And then the other thing to keep in mind is, we’re off to service our customers and our customers kind of dictate the demand, we don’t make demand by our strategy, we don’t think of it that way. So hope that helps you.
Gianluca Romano: And if I can add something on free cash flow. I think it’s very important to keep in mind that even during a quarter that is down cycle quarter, Seagate was able to generate $300 million in free cash flow, and was very similar last quarter. So I think either change compared to what was in the past. So even during down cycle time, the focus on free cash flow is giving very good results.
Karl Ackerman: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Yes. David, from a big picture, it’s very interesting and support of you having confidence in your enterprise exabyte for FY2020, can you put that in context and give some framework as to how the overall exabyte would grow FY2020 versus FY2019? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Sorry, I didn’t catch the very last part of it. Can you just repeat the very last sentence?
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure, sure. I was just going back to your enterprise exabyte growth of well over 35% to 40% for FY2020. How does that impact your overall exabyte shipment when you put the overall exabyte shipment in the context given how comfortable you are with the enterprise segment?
Dave Mosley: Oh, I see, I see. Okay. Yes. Becoming a bigger and bigger portion, I think in the script, we talked about it already being 50%. So from my perspective, it’s going to be a bigger, bigger portion and the leverage that we get because we’re doing fewer drive types than before, I think we’ll get relatively better payout. If I think about the large part of the driver for exabyte growth, it’s the fact that we’re getting higher capacity points, 2016 versus 2010 in the last peak of the last cycle. And I am not saying that the hard drive sites is the primary driver that I think there are many drivers, but I think that’s the biggest thing driving us near term. Longer term, to your point, if I think about enterprise, the cloud will continue to grow. The cloud will continue to cycle through some of their existing footprint and upgrade as well, but I think data is still going to grow in the cloud. I think the other interesting topic that we have going on right now, is that on prime data centers, data is being repatriated but there’s a market difference in the cost between the cloud and the on-prem. And what we’re seeing is lot of people in the on-prem where we’re going to have focus on high-performance storage, and that’s fine, because it’s going to be a lot of needs for compute there, and the high-performance storage or high-performance memory, if you will, need to be very close to that compute. But in order to put the extreme data growth is going on, in order to have enterprise growth in those places, you’re going to need cost-effective solutions vis-a-vis the cloud. So we’d see a great opportunity there. We talked about it a little bit in the script, and I think that’s also an opportunity for us to get to market little bit faster with the same technology, and that will drive exabyte growth.
Mehdi Hosseini: If I may refine my question, if your enterprise exabyte is growing over 35%, 40%, your surveillance consumer electronic exabyte growing at a faster rate, would those two help you with double-digit total exabyte growth?
Dave Mosley: Eventually, they’ll take over, maybe back to Karl’s question, eventually, they will take over from some of the more legacy systems from an Exabyte perspective, exactly to your point. What we’ve seen about some of that edge storage like surveillance, it’s been a little choppy like the cloud has. And unfortunately, sometimes they phase up, and you don’t see it. So I don’t know it’s easy on rolling one-, two-, three-quarter basis to draw any trends. But certainly, over the last three or four years, if you start drawing the cloud trend again, the edge storage trends that are around surveillance then it presents a pretty good story.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much and thus far, your answers have been very useful. I just wanted to make sure I heard and understand correctly on the gross margin and underutilization. The June quarter, it was about a 100 basis points in the September outlook, about 50 to 60 basis points but then you’re going to be adding and filling the more capacity with more volume. So should be normalizing pretty quick after the September quarter, is that the way to think about the impact past and forward?
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think that’s the right way. Of course, depends how much capacity we will end in the December quarter and the following quarters. But I think from a moderate standpoint, you are correct.
Jim Suva: And then my last question is, just knowing the cycle time with the throughput of your production, I would assume the materiality of the revenues kind of come in probably after the December quarter because you simply don’t turn on the fabs and then it comes out perfect right away, probably more like the March quarter as opposed to the December quarter? Or do you think December quarter will be the full run rate of the revenues coming out of your increased capacity?
Gianluca Romano: I think it’s difficult to note that. I think right now for December or later quarters but, of course, it’s different from how much we in 15 terabyte. And as we said before, we will intend to ramp into December quarter and after that. So you will have probably more impact in the next few quarters.
Dave Mosley: It’s a good way to think about lead times, because we don’t know exactly what’s going to happen right now on when people will pull. But relative to what we are staging from a materials perspective, we’re staging those parts that will go against that ramp, and it’s being – we’re being very aggressive with that. Does that make sense?
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for your details of question. It’s greatly appreciating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thank for taking my question. You talked about the improving demand condition, especially for hyperscale customers. Can you just add some color as to how broad-based that strengthens and given you are more than – if my numbers are right, given the numbers – your exabyte is still about 20% below a year ago, when do you think that on the Exabyte basis that nearline drives to get back to year-over-year growth?
Dave Mosley: Year-over-year growth, I think is coming, certainly, in FY2020. Some of it depends if we talk about just an Exabyte growth, some of it depends on the specifics to the ramp of the 2016, and I don’t want to get any further ahead than next quarter. But what I would say is you’re on the right point, which is last year, the drives, the factories were full at Q4 to Q1. This year, as we go through – as we’re ramping right now, we’re definitely staging to be able to capture the peak of that cycle again. And I think we make that available for – to guide the eye, if you will, on our Investor Relations websites to show those cloud cycles. And what we’ve seen over time is that the peaks and valleys, if you will, of the climb and the cloud have really been fairly predictable, things can always get thrown off just a little bit, but we believe there’s another one coming in and it’s certainly consistent with the discussions we’re having with our customers.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So, we expect a very good increase in exabyte or readiness Q1 for the nearline.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Munjal Shah from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Munjal Shah: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Last quarter you mentioned that nearline ramp would be wider and higher. Do you still expect that or do you think it’s going to be coming back much stronger? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think, let me say in this way, that the data center build-outs that we’ve typically heard of it [Audio Gap] to last August and September specifically, some of the plans and a lot of places they’ve just been postponed for various reasons. There are other people who, you can tell data just growing and gets their application and they want to continue to invest, but they wait for the right architectural decisions. Sometimes it’s the hard drive capacity points, sometimes it has to do with other architectures that are going on. So I – it’s hard to point to paint the cloud with a uniform brush because there’s so many different applications and strategies that are going on. But I do think, the overall data group is very consistent and that’s what drives that period is the data that we’re referring to. A little wider and deeper this time. Maybe, I think, certainly has felt like that in the last six months, and I think what I said a year and a half ago with the geographically we’re starting to see enough diversity that maybe it wouldn’t be as deep. Clearly the markets have been fairly disturbed in the last six months. But I think that that overall data growth, the demand for places to put the data is still there and driving that trend.
Munjal Shah: Just to follow-up. So when we see the next ramp, are we seeing from existing applications or do you think those build-outs that push out are starting to happen from the data?
Dave Mosley: Yes, that’s certainly true. Yes, there are new applications coming online. I wouldn’t talk about any specific customers of course, but there are new applications.
Munjal Shah: All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mitch Steven from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mitch Steven: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just had one just to talk about little bit FY2020, I know you guys gave the exact guidance, but even though this year has been a little bit of a strange year in terms of the first half being a weaker in terms of the calendar year, when we look at 2020, should we assume that it’s going to be more of a typical seasonal year for you guys or is there anything else we should be aware of? It sounds like maybe two for the more seasonally strong, just looking for any sort of high level comments in terms of that seasonality next year.
Stephen Luczo: Yes, interesting. I think Mitch, there’s still seasonality at some parts of like for example, consumer’s still very seasonal. As we have less and less exposure to things like PC, some of the traditional seasonal spikes that we would see that are very predictable or are not there as much in this, as we talked about earlier, some of the PC, design points are changing a little bit, they may be changed – they may be, the seasonality may be changing. The cloud and surveillance market –surveillance used to have a little bit of seasonality. I think it’s been a little disrupted. So, I would say it’s a seasonal and the cloud certainly a seasonal and go through different patterns and because the spikes that we talk about. With all these things considered though, just looking at the data growth, the total data growth over the last few years, we think FY2019 exactly to your point, people have been very conservative and in FY2020, they’re going to have to go invest in data and that’s why we have confidence in revenue growth.
Mitch Steven: Perfect. And then just one last follow-up just on the enterprise side, and we saw what – sorry, what NetApp posted during the year preannounced. So I guess is there anything there that was surprising to you guys in terms of their comments or do you guys think that there would be more company specific? Anything you’d give in terms of why their mess is so much worse versus what you’re kind of talking to in terms of demand?
Dave Mosley: I wouldn’t talk about a specific person. I would say it’s super interesting to me, what’s going on in on-prem enterprise. I think if I look over the last five to 10 years, there’ve been people very focused on high performance rigs and that’s important. We see it in the – our own data centers that we have to build. But we also see a lot of people want to grow the data on-prem for themselves, whether it’s their own control, their own application control. Some people talk about repatriation, I don’t think it’s a good way to think about it. Because I think the cloud will grow substantially and the applications in the cloud are have a great value proposition as well. But I do think that on-prem low cost, efficient, storage to cover the entire life cycle of data. Not just the compute, but the life cycle of the data is super important. And I think some companies have been very focused and that’s their business model to be very focused on high performance. I think there’s an opportunity for all of us, for everybody in this more economical on-prem stuff. And I – and we pointed to that a little bit in our script, and I think it’s a space to watch in the next five years.
Mitch Steven: Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi guys. Just between a on the hyperscale side, there’s been some confusion in terms of as you look at the back half, it demand, if there’s a difference in demand pickup between enterprise and hyperscale, or what you’re seeing geographically in terms of nearline demand picking up between U.S. and Chinese customers? Appreciate any color there?
Dave Mosley: Yes, it has been a little choppy this year, that’s for sure. I think, there’s various reasons for that, but overall most of the discussions we’re having with our customers are – there’s a lot more planning involved. So is there a data center going to be built or are you going to be transitioning some of your old gear into new gear or new applications coming online to that point. We do feel that the last six months or nine months geographically, there’ve been a lot of people just say, I’m on hold, we’ll come back to this. But some of the business models are still desired in place. And then there may even be new ones are coming up, which I think causes some of this choppiness that we see in the nearline next by demand.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And I know this is very recent, but in terms of some of these status again going back in place in a month’s time. Any thoughts? I know this is really [Audio Gap]. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: We don’t expect an impact from the new…
Dave Mosley: From the new ones. I think, from our perspective, there’s a lot of things that we’re obviously working with our customers through we tend to focus on – do we have the right stuff in the right place at the right time. We react to these things just like everyone else does. I think we have pretty robust supply chain that we can react quickly. So from the new tariff side, I think there’s minimal impact. And everybody is analyzing the same things in the world, and going through the same things. We’re Seagate’s markedly similar to everyone else and I’ve heard their earnings calls, it’s – you can tell other people are struggling with it a little bit more, but I think we’re dealing with it.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Dave Mosley for closing remarks.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks everyone joining us today in Dublin. And thanks for your interest in Seagate. I would once again like to thank our customers and our suppliers and business partners and all of our employees for their contributions to our fourth quarter performance. Also like to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We look forward to seeing you all at an Analyst Event in New York on September 19th. And thank you Kelly, also for hosting the call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Amanda, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Shanye Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Shanye.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today are Dave Mosley; Seagate's Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer. We posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our March 2019 quarter on the Investor section of our website. We will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures, non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings release for our March 2019 quarter, which is posted on our website and has been furnished on a Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC.  As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our June quarter financial outlook and expectations about our financial performance, market demand, industry growth trends, planned product introductions, ability to ramp production, future growth opportunities and general market conditions. These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date.  Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our website. Today's call is expected to be approximately 30 minutes in length and we'll do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks if time permits. Starting next quarter, we plan to extend our call to 60 minute in the duration. And with that, I'll turn the call over to you, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Shanye. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings call, which we are joining from Dublin, Ireland. During today's call, I will cover the key highlights from the March quarter, share some perspectives on the market, and outline our progress on advancing our technology roadmap. Gianluca will then discuss details of our March quarter financial results and provide our outlook for the June quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. Seagate executed well in the March quarter, navigating challenging business conditions to deliver financial results that met or exceeded our expectations across every financial metric. We recorded revenue of $2.31 billion and achieved non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.83, nearly $0.10 above the high end of our guidance range. Free cash flow increased to $291 million, up 81% quarter-over-quarter and we returned over $0.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, demonstrating our long-standing commitment to capital returns. We achieved these results through our focused efforts to drive operational efficiencies, control expenses, and optimize cash flow generation, proactively managing the business in the face of multiple revenue headwinds. In the edge compute market, revenue was impacted by the expected transition to SSDs, ongoing CPU shortages, and seasonal demand slowdown for Notebooks and desktop PCs. In the surveillance market, revenue remained suppressed by economic and geopolitical uncertainties. However, over the long term, we expect the market to grow as camera resolution improves to 8 megapixels and drive the average capacity per drive above current levels of 3 to 4 terabytes. In the enterprise market, both seasonal and macroeconomic challenges weighed on revenue for our Nearline drives.  Revenue from a few hyperscale customers improved slightly quarter-over-quarter. However, that revenue did not fully offset the slower demand from OEM and other global cloud customers. As a reminder, demand for our Nearline drives began to slow in the December quarter, as cloud service providers work through the inventory buildup during calendar 2018. However, we anticipate this pause to be short-lived. The demand improvement I just mentioned among select hyperscale customers is an indication that we are approaching the end of this inventory digestion phase, and we expect broader demand recovery starting in the second half of the calendar year. We also believe some of the slowdown we are experiencing in our Nearline product demand is attributed to cloud customers anticipating the transition to our next generation, high capacity drives. We are very pleased to announce that we began shipping our 16 terabyte drives in late March as planned. We are delivering the industry's highest capacity disk drives to enable improved performance at the lowest total cost of ownership for our customers. Qualifications are underway at many major cloud and enterprise customers.  We expect to begin ramping to high volume later in calendar 2019 and expect 16 terabyte drives will be our highest revenue SKU by this time next year. For Seagate, fiscal 2019 is a year of focused execution and technology advancement and we continue to successfully deliver on our plans. We expect to introduce drives with over 20 terabytes of capacity in calendar year 2020, based on our innovative HAMR recording technology. These technology breakthroughs are significant enablers providing a path to 40 terabytes and higher capacities, that's more than double the capacities available today, while at the same time making the transition to this new technology seamless for our customers. Perhaps best stated by one of our large hyperscale customers working to qualify HAMR, it just works. We also made strides on our multi-actuator technology. During the recent Open Compute Project Summit, we set a new speed record for video streaming data rates from a hard drive. With our MACH.2 dual-actuator, we demonstrated twice the bandwidth compared to a single actuator drive, the fastest ever sustained transfer rates from a hard drive. We believe HAMR high density drives combined with our multi-actuator technology will not only address the heavy workloads and high utilization rates required by large cloud data centers, but also new use cases that are emerging at the edge.  The Global Datasphere is expected to double once every three years to reach a staggering 175 zettabytes by 2025. This rapid growth in data creation is giving rise to new applications including smart cities, smart factories, genomics, autonomous vehicles, and other IoT applications, all of which employ AI machine learning to derive value from big data. To inform real-time decision making, we believe more data processing and machine learning will need to occur closer to the source of data creation. Seagate has referred to this transition as the IT 4.0 era or the rise in edge computing.  We are starting to see a buildup in private and edge cloud environments to enable fast and secure access to data 24/7. With this transition to IT 4.0 and associated growth in data at the edge, Exabyte demand for Nearline drives may exceed our prior growth estimates of between 35% and 40% over the long term. Importantly, Seagate's innovative technology portfolio positions us well to capture and monetize these opportunities. I'll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our third quarter results and share our outlook for the fourth quarter.
Gianluca Romano : Thank you, Dave. In the March quarter, we delivered strong earnings and free cash flow underscored by our solid operational execution and focus on profitability in the phase of a challenging business environment. Consistent with our expectations, March quarter revenue was $2.31 billion, down 15% sequentially with total shipment of 77 exabytes down 12% quarter-over-quarter. Our results reflect the impact of softer demand from cloud service providers in advance of our transition to 16 terabyte Nearline drives as well as the ongoing global macro concerns and typical seasonality as Dave discussed earlier.  Revenue for the enterprise market, which includes Nearline and mission-critical hard disk drives represented 39% of March quarter revenue, flat as a percent of revenue from the December quarter. We shipped approximately 33 exabytes into the enterprise market, down 10% quarter-over-quarter. The vast majority of the exabyte shipments were into the Nearline market. Exabyte shipment for cloud customers were up quarter-over-quarter, which partially offset the decline in shipments to OEMs. The average capacity for Nearline drives hit a new record of 7.2 terabytes, up 11% over the prior quarter. Our 12 terrabyte Nearline drive remained the highest-selling enterprise product in the March quarter. As Dave indicated earlier, we have started to ship the industry's highest capacity 16 terabyte drive in the current quarter and expect to ramp production as customers complete their qualification over the next few quarters. Given the total cost of ownership benefit for customers and expected high reliability of these drives, we believe we are well positioned to capture market opportunities in the coming quarters. We also continue to leverage our existing product portfolio to address customer demand for mission-critical drives, which positively contributes to our margin and cash flow. Revenue for the non-compute market contributed 32% of the total March quarter revenue compared to 31% in the prior quarter. And includes sales of surveillance, gaming, NAS, DVR, and consumer applications. Sales for data breach application including gaming NAS and DVR grew sequentially, which partially offset the micro headwind and seasonal trend impacting the surveillance and consumer market respectively. Exabyte shipments for edge non-compute platform was 29 exabyte and down 10% quarter-over-quarter. While, average capacity per drive remain approximately flat at 2.4 terabyte.  Revenue from the edge compute market including desktop and notebook, hard disk drives represented 20% of total revenue compared to 21% in the December quarter. Our results as a typical seasonality, combined with ongoing CPU shortages. Exabyte shipments for edge compute platforms were nearly 15 exabyte down 21% quarter-over-quarter with steeper than seasonal decline from notebook and desktop PCs. Our Non-hard disc drive business including SSD and cloud system solution made up the remaining 8% of March quarter revenue flat as a percent of revenue from the December quarter. As we have shared over the past couple of quarters, we are focused on portfolio management to capture opportunity that delivered the highest value to our customers. We continue to make good progress also it would take time to fully make these transition, cloud systems revenue as it remains relatively stable over the past several quarters. SSD revenue declined sequentially ahead of planned product transition, which are expected to occur over the next couple of quarters.  Non-GAAP gross margin for the March quarter was above our expectations at 26.6% compared to 29.7% in the December quarter. About half of the sequential margin decline was associated with manufacturing underutilization costs as we effectively manage our production to more closely aligned with industry conditions. Capacity utilization is that rightly correlated to portfolio mix, higher capacity drives such as Nearline and surveillance utilize more head and disc and take longer to test compared to lower capacity HDDs.  Accordingly, we expect capacity underutilization costs to decline and gross margin to improve when demand resume on higher capacity drives. Non-GAAP operating expenses came in better than our expectation as $349 million, down 9% year-over-year and 4% sequentially, the decline in spending reflects ongoing expense discipline and lower variable compensation expense. We continue to focus on managing expenses and utilizing capital for R&D investment to advance our future technology products and solutions. Through operational efficiency and expense discipline we deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.83 in the March quarter well above the high end of our guidance range. Our operational focus has also led to solid return on invested capital. On a rolling four quarter basis ROIC expanded to nearly 27% in the March quarter compared to 25% in the prior year period. We generated $438 million in cash from operations up 52% sequentially as we improved working capital, including a 9% decline in total inventory value quarter-over-quarter. Capital expenditure were $147 million during the March quarter at the lower end of our long-term target range of between 6% and 8% of revenue. Our resulting free cash flow was $291 million, up 81% from the prior quarter. We utilized $327 million to repurchase 7.2 million ordinary share and we exited the quarter with $277 million ordinary shares outstanding. Fiscal year-to-date we have repurchased 13.4 million ordinary shares and reduced our share count by 4%.  Cash and cash equivalents were $1.4 billion at the end of the quarter and our Board has approved the quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on July 3, 2018. 2019. During the March quarter, we entered a new $1.3 billion revolving credit facility. The company's net balance as of March quarter was $4.5 billion, including $200 million drawn from the revolver. Our gross debt to last 12 months non-GAAP EBITDA ratio is 1.9 times as of the March quarter. Moving to our outlook for the June quarter, we anticipate a relatively flat business environment in the June quarter, we similar demand conditions across all of our end markets. In this environment, we expect total revenue to be in the range of $2.32 billion plus or minus 5%, non-GAAP gross margin to be at least 26.5% and non-GAAP EPS of $0.83 plus or minus 5%. During this period, Seagate will continue to drive operational efficiencies to optimize our profitability and free cash flow. While business conditions remain somewhat challenging in the June quarter, based on our interaction with customers, we expect demand to recover starting the second half of the calendar year. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, Seagate is executing well on multiple levels. We are driving operational efficiencies by managing our cost and capital investments to align with near-term industry conditions, and optimize profitability and free cash flow. We are harvesting HDD opportunities and markets with low exabyte growth such as mission critical drivers which contributed nicely to our bottom line particularly during these slower demand periods while requiring no R&D investment.  We are executing our technology roadmap and leveraging our 40 plus year heritage of innovation and expertise and precision engineered data solution to introduce new products with the higher areal density, quality and reliability to address our customers' future mass storage requirements. We believe the near-term industry headwinds we are experiencing will abate in the coming quarters and the long-term growth trajectory of mass storage demand provides a rich set of opportunities for Seagate. Data hungry applications are fueling demand for high-capacity storage in both public and private clouds.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2020 we expect the exabyte TAM for Nearline drives to be well above the long-term CAGR of 35% to 40% importantly, Seagate's strong technology portfolio and customer relationships, make us well positioned to capitalize on this growth. Before opening the call for questions, I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their ongoing support and contributions to the success of our business. Gianluca and I will now open up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good morning. How do you think about the gross margin trajectory as demand comes back? If we see stronger cloud and surveillance demand in the September quarter, would you expect gross margins to be in the 29% to 33% long-term range or does it take a couple of quarters to expand back to the target model?
Dave Mosley: Hi Katy, I'll pass it over to Gianluca in just a second, but what I would say is -- what I talked about last quarter was, if gross margins as we went through these digestion phases, if we got out of the period of factory under-utilization faster, then we might see expansion. I think what we're seeing right now is rather a bit of a build ahead for the fall. I mean, we've got these product transitions going on, which I think is weighing us down just a little bit. Otherwise, we would have snapped back a little bit faster. I'm sure if the cloud comes back faster than we're anticipating right now, which we are starting to see signs of it in the back half, then I think we should be able to get back into the range.  And I think I've said this before that our [indiscernible] is not gross margin percentage either. We were in the January timeframe when we last spoke to everyone. We were really focused on free cash flow, just making sure we watched our cash very carefully, make sure we weren't holding too much inventory and things like that, so, you know, that may have actually hindered our ability to move a little bit extra product in this last few months. Again, I'd say that's towards the conservative side on my part, but that's how I think about the gross margin. Go ahead, Gianluca.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Last earnings release, we said that we were expecting about half of the gross margin decline quarter-over-quarter to be related to lower volume produced, and we still expect more or less the same impact in FQ4. Our volume in FQ4 will be a little bit higher. But, at the same time, we are building more capacity in our factory in order to take advantage of the second part of the calendar year where we expect more demand to come in. So, the impact of under-utilization charges will be more or less the same in Q3 and Q4.
Katy Huberty: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mitch Steves of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I just had a question more on the PC side of the business. It sounds like you guys are seeing some weakness due to CPU constraints, is there any way to help us quantify what that impact is? And then secondly, when you think that will be an upbeat since it probably impacts the results on the hard disk drive side?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mitch. I would say it's against the backdrop, like we talked about in the script of all the SSD incursions, natural transitions, especially for the lower capacity stuff. So in what we call the enterprise, sorry the edge compute markets, you're seeing some low capacities 500 gigabytes or 1 terabyte, and then you're seeing some high capacity, some bifurcation if you will to 2s and 4 terabytes. Where the CPU constraints are a problem usually are of smaller players, so the long tail, if you will, distribution channel I think would be a good way to think about it. In the distribution channel, there are some people still making the lower capacity disk drive products, but very few, I think they tend to be much more entrepreneurial. I talked about this a little bit last quarter. We still haven't seen the healthy channels just yet.  So while, weeks on hand are fairly healthy on a relative basis, I look at the absolute value of the channel, and it's not as strong nearly as it was just a couple of quarters ago. And that includes the higher capacity stuff, which should be some of those new markets and creative new markets. So, you know, my perspective is this will start to come online as well through in the back half of the year, but it really hasn't built up as much momentum as I expected in the January time frame.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And just to clarify, is that impacting the margin line, the gross margin line as well, given that prior under shipping demand [ph] a bit?
Dave Mosley: To the extent that we have more product to be absorbing our factories, the answer is yes. And, you know, the distribution channels, some of them tended to over time provide some nice outlets at low capacities and high capacities, so it would be nice to get some of the high capacity stuff moving again.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Good morning, guys. I guess good afternoon for you guys. Dave and Gianluca, thanks for taking the question. I guess, just real quick a couple from me. So Dave, is it safe to say that since we're sort of 90 days further through the calendar that you feel that we’re sort of confident about the hyperscale picking back up as we get into the second half of the year? I guess from just a quick second part to that, with regards to your comment about fiscal 2020 demand, how long do you see, I guess this is all kind of -- just got at this point, but how long do you see, how long are you hopeful that this next cycle can last once you get started? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: It's interesting. So a couple of points. So, I think on the February call, we were just coming off of a fairly disturbed pull dynamics that were going on all the way through December. And the cloud was one aspect of it, not the only one obviously. It was fairly global. It's also got a long tail. It's not just one CSP or 3 CSPs or something, but it's also the smaller build out. The reason we have confidence in the back half of the year now is we're starting to see some of the data center build out that was anticipated, say 6 months or 9 months ago to be discussed again, the exact same datacenters again, especially globally.  And then we also think that there has been some inventory readjustments that have gone on for the last 6 months. There will be an anticipation of moving to higher high-capacity drives with better total cost of ownership propositions out on the back half of the year. So, we're feeling a lot more confident that we were there talking to you in February, for sure. As far as the next cycle, this one's been a little bit more pronounced than the last one that it feels that way, and it's been more global and it's been touching as we reach out through OEMs and ODMs who are helping do the builds, it's been much more broad based than the last one. The last one came back pretty quickly, because of the world turning on at the same time, we're hearing roomers of all this, but I still wouldn't say strong, but it feels like this would maybe a bigger peak in exabytes but much wider, I'd say that way, because, just because there would be a little bit of trepidation.
Ananda Baruah: That's helpful. I'll stop there and see the floor. Thanks so much.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. On the 16-terabyte what are the unit volumes, how did that compare to last year and any other new product ramp?
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we like this platform quite a bit, there is, we get through a lot of transitions to your point, different drives going from 6 to 8 to ten to twelve to fourteen, we've had different drive platforms. This particular platform for us will take us 16 and 18 with SMR and other variance it will take us beyond 18-terabytes and probably into the HAMR families as well, because HAMR is basically dropping into this when we are ready. So we feel very comfortable with our ability to yield and ramp this product. It's gone through all its internal qualification testing really well and so that's why we are fairly aggressive about it. I think it's going to be a pretty steep ramp as well.  So, in the last couple of months, just giving lead times for largely the head wafers that are required for that, that's where we have focused a lot of our efforts internally. My senses as well that given some of the pause that's gone on in hyperscale and other places around the world that the value proposition of 16-terabytes versus maybe 12, it was thought of 6 months ago when the fall started, it's pretty substantial. And I think we'll start to see those revenue ramps in early, fiscal year 2020.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. Kind of building on the high capacity Nearline drives, one of your competitors kind of notes as far as in the context of visibility kind of stocking relationship and visibility and from an inventory, even getting paid the wholesome inventory for some of the hyperscale customers. So I'm curious that how do you characterize your visibility? Do you have similar relationship as that ? And then also how would you compare 16 terabytes competitively versus the competitors that you see and when they might come into market? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Aaron, the second question first. I don't really, we believe, we are in the lead on 16 terabytes and the families that go on along with it with different SMR variance and things like that. It's like, it seems, I don't have very good visibility beyond there as far as when people are going to be able to ramp. All I know is, we're ready to ramp. Relative the stocking, I do think there are a few customers that have such huge scale that they start talking like that, other customers are much more opportunistic and it's been a buyer's market recently.  So we were, like I said, earlier, we were 90 days ago, we were really watching our cash and controlling our bills very, very carefully to make sure we didn't carry too much inventory. If we had pushed out more of the lower capacity drives in anticipation of higher capacity, I don't if that serves us right either, so that's the way we are thinking about it, if that helps
Aaron Rakers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes online of Jim Suva of Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. In your prepared comments you mentioned an improving demand environment in the second half whereas the year progresses, is that based upon older trends that you're seeing or more anecdotal of customers sweating or using their assets a little bit longer just trying to help figure out the conviction level of that rebound in demand?
Dave Mosley: Jim, it's, interesting because I think there's a little bit of both of what you said. The first is people know that they're going to be making the investment for 5 or 6 or 7 years when they buy the next product, so, they'll wait to get the right TCO proposition, that's, these are more hyperscale and global hyperscale comments. I think relative to my earlier comments about some of the channels have been disrupted, there were lots of liquidity issues especially among smaller players, more entrepreneurial people were trying to do edge build out, very application specific items and because of that I think the market has been pretty choppy, we're starting to see our way through that, people are coming back to those plans again, as we all know data will grow and some of these new applications will take off. So, but I think given some of the issues the world was having back in the December time frame we just didn't have very good visibility in them, so we're still expressing confidence against this next cycle.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Management.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Amanda. I want to once again thank all of our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our third quarter performance. And thanks to our shareholders for their ongoing support. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-04 17:32:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jingjing Chen, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Jingjing.
Jingjing Chen: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's call. With me today from Seagate's management team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer; and Gianluca Romano, Chief Financial Officer. We have posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December 2018 quarter on the Investors section of our Web site. We're planning for the call today to go approximately 30 minutes, and we'll do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. For the March quarter, we would like to note that our quiet period will begin on March 18. We’ll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings press release for our December 2018 quarter, which is posted on our Web site and has been furnished on a Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. As a reminder, this call contains forward-looking statements, including our March quarter financial guidance and expectations about our financial performance, customer demand, industry growth trends planned for our introductions, future growth opportunities and general market conditions. These statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental information posted on the Investors section of our Web site. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jingjing. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us for today's earnings call. I will cover the high level results from the December quarter and offer some market commentary. Gianluca Romano, our Chief Financial Officer, will then discuss certain financial highlights from the quarter. And then I will wrap up with our outlook for the March quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. For the December quarter, Seagate achieved revenue of over $2.7 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 29.7% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.41, meeting and in some aspects exceeding our expectations. We executed our plans well and with strong operational efficiency delivered solid financial results. As we indicated last quarter, we are working to effectively manage through a near-term demand downturn that is having an impact in our current business. For the overall HDD industry, the December quarter exabyte demand declined for the first time after six quarters of continued growth. In the nearline market, we continue to see a cyclical impact affecting a broad base of customers globally. While some of the demand variation is due to the intermittent periods of digestions we have experienced in this market over the last few years, some cloud customers are also pausing ahead of next generation mass storage technology transitions that will deliver significant capacity, performance and total cost of ownership benefits. While inventory levels for our HDD storage devices in global channels appear fairly healthy, our market dynamics including seasonality, parts shortages and liquidity have created strain for some small end customers. For example, in the surveillance market, demand was soft compared to this time last year impacted by tightening of downstream customer credit as well as government project delays. We believe that these storage demand headwinds are short lived and that the long-term demand picture for our mass storage product portfolio continues to be strong. Data creation and data utilization are forecasted to grow rapidly over the next decade. According to a recent IDC study, global data creation will grow from 33 zettabytes in 2018 to 175 zettabytes by 2025, representing a 27% compound annual growth rate. Efficient and cost effective data technologies are becoming more critical for productivity expansion, data monetization and value creation than ever before. To support future storage customer needs, storage capacity across all media types will need to grow rapidly and IDC estimates that at least 59% of the zettabyte demand in 2025 will be supplied by the HDD industry. Seagate is a critical supplier to both the mature and emerging businesses that are only just beginning to derive value for massive application workloads coming in big data analytics, smart cities and machine learning devices using both edge and cloud-based architectures. At CES a few weeks ago we demonstrated the breadth of our storage solutions covering diverse products from consumer to enterprise leveraging our 40-year history as storage technology innovation. We are highly encouraged by the continued engagement we have with customers on their future capacity and performance requirements. These technical insights are driving many of the performance and flexibility attributes of our future product portfolio. As evidence of our drive for innovation, we showcased our future generations of single and multi-actuator devices that many customers are testing in their own data center environments. We’re confident in our ability to achieve 16-terabyte, drive shipments in the first half of this calendar year growing to over 20 terabytes next year. These significant product introductions delivering high capacity and performance options will be critical in the efficient scaling of cloud data centers for the next decade. This was our second year showcasing Seagate’s HAMR technology at CES. In the December quarter we broke another areal density record demonstrating almost 2.4 terabyte per square inch in spin stand testing indicating technology that can enable a capacity of 3 terabytes per disc or 24 terabyte drive production capability. In the past few months, we shipped fully functional HAMR demonstration drives to select global hyperscale and OEM partners. These drives are meeting expectation. Central to that is to establish the plug and play nature of HAMR recording technologies in all storage ecosystems. With that in mind, our HAMR recording systems have demonstrated more than 4 petabyte per head data transfers, much greater than the workloads required for today’s drive. This means our focus is now on the volume manufacture ability of these designs, designs that will fuel the future at global datasphere. Along with HAMR, we are also working to improve the efficiency of mass storage by eliminating the stranded capacity when a drive becomes too large for its I/O bandwidth. This is already being seen today on 12 terabyte and 14 terabyte drives at many data centers and will become more challenging as drive capacities increases. Our MACH.2 dual-actuator drive unlocks significant capacity with a rough doubling of the I/O bandwidth. We have successfully deployed MACH.2 sample drives at customer sites and for the past six months some of these drives have been serving live production traffic. Later this calendar year we will begin our volume ramp of these important new designs. The gaming industry continues to be a rich storage market opportunity driven by demand for increased capacity points. This year at CES we showcased our new M.2 NVMe SSD which delivers blazing performance with intense read and write speeds for the ultimate gaming experience. We are confident Seagate’s complete gaming portfolio including internal drives and attached gaming console drives with HDD and SSD footprints will continue to provide optimal user experiences. Also at CES, we introduced our IronWolf 110 SATA SSD, the world’s first purpose-built NAS SSD with enterprise class endurance and reliability. Looking ahead we believe we are on the frontend of a long-term secular data productivity era that will evolve over the next decade and managing data through cloud and edge computing layers will remain within the top priority of the growing data economy. Fiscal 2019 continues to be a year of focused execution and technology advancement for Seagate. With near-term demand headwinds, we are taking action to demonstrate sustained operational performance and the resilience of our company through the fluctuations in the marketplace. We will continue to strive for long-term revenue growth, properly stage capital investment for the coming growth opportunities, control expenses and optimize cash flow generation. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Gianluca to go into more depth on our financial performance.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Dave. Seagate executed well in the December quarter. Total second quarter revenue was over $2.7 billion and non-GAAP gross margin was 29.7% in line with our long-term margin range target of 29% to 33% of revenue. The sequential decline of 130 basis points was mainly due to overall product portfolio mix and in particular to a decline in the nearline volumes sold. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.41, higher than expected, gaining from overall solid execution and successful expense management. Our enterprise market include mission critical and nearline applications, which represent 39% of total revenue. In the second quarter, we shipped a total of 36.4 exabyte in the enterprise market, down 3% compared to last year’s strong demand. The average capacity for enterprise drive was 4.5 terabyte, up 4% year-over-year. In the mission critical market, we continued to address strong demand that resulted in 44% year-over-year exabyte growth with average capacity per drive over 1.1 terabyte, up 30% year-over-year. Our breadth of portfolio up to 2.4 terabyte continues to provide customers with a cost effective solution required for mature enterprise applications. In the nearline market, we shipped 33 exabyte and our average capacity per drive exceeded 6.5 terabyte, up 10% over last year and up 44% from the same quarter two years ago. The multi-quarter digestion phase that we are experiencing with cloud service provider customers is temporary affecting the exabyte demand in the overall nearline market. However, demand from OEM enterprise customers for nearline drive remains fairly stable. As cloud and enterprise customers transition to higher capacity points, our nearline hard disc drive portfolio is well positioned to monetize storage demand over the long term. Our 12 terabyte nearline drive was the leading enterprise revenue product in the December quarter, as our highest capacity product, the 14 terabyte drive, continues to ramp in volume. Looking ahead, we are on schedule to launch 16-terabyte product in the first half of this calendar year. Edge non-compute market includes our consumer surveillance, NAS gaming and DVR portfolio offering. In the December quarter, this market represented 31% of total revenue, 1% higher compared to the December quarter a year ago. We drove year-over-year exabyte growth and increased average capacity per drive for almost all end markets in the December quarter. Within this, the consumer portfolio at 27% sequential capacity growth was driven by strong seasonal demand and market share gains. While we are confident of the long-term growth and profitability of this market, we are mindful that near-term demand in some markets and channels was impacted by the liquidity issues that Dave discussed earlier. Edge compute market include desktop and notebook hard disc drive application. In the December quarter, this market represented 21% of total revenue, 2% lower compared to the December quarter a year ago. Total exabyte shipments declined 4% year-over-year and average capacity per drive grew 9% year-over-year. While this market remains largely stable, there are some headwinds affecting near-term demand. Particularly in the December quarter, the industry was negatively impacted by a CPU shortage which affected some vendors’ ability to fulfill demand created by business PC upgrades. This, coupled with economic uncertainties with some countries, affected the performance of the normally seasonally strong quarter for the compute market. Non-hard disc drive revenue in the December quarter were $225 million, up 8% year-over-year mainly driven by higher SSD revenue. Cloud system decreased year-over-year due to a planned end of life of some legacy OEM cloud system products. Sequentially, revenue has been stable with the past two quarters as we optimize the product portfolio. SSD revenue were up both year-over-year and sequentially. We are optimistic about our long-term opportunities as we invest in developing a broad-based SSD product portfolio in the SaaS, NVMe, consumer and gaming market. We are mindful of the short-term market dynamics and NAND pricing movement and our managing our business to meet current customer demand in a prudent manner. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $365 million, down 6% year-over-year and down 4% sequentially. Expenses were lower mostly due to reduced discretionary spending and overall operational efficiency. We are committed to controlling operating expenses within our long-term financial model range of 13% to 15% of revenue. Cash flow from operations in the December quarter was $288 million. The sequential decrease was more related to the timing of some working capital transactions. We do not expect adverse impact to cash flow from working capital changes to reoccur in the March quarter. On a fiscal to-date basis, Seagate has generated $875 million in cash flow from operations and $571 million in free cash flow. Total inventory levels are slightly lower sequentially and consistent with demand expectations. Capital expenditures on a cash basis were approximately $127 million in the December quarter. For fiscal year '19, we expect total capital expenditures to be at the low end of our long-term range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In the December quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares and we exited the quarter with 283 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our balance sheet remains healthy. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents and our Board has approved a quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 per share which will be payable on April 3, 2019. As planned, we also repaid the remaining 2018 senior note for approximately $500 million. The company’s debt balance as of December quarter was $4.3 billion. Our net debt to last 12 months EBITDA ratio is 1.1x as of the December quarter. Interest expense continues to be well within our financial capability, given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. Overall, our financial performance in the December quarter reflects solid execution in a challenging demand environment. I will now turn the call back to Dave for final comments and the outlook.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. As we enter calendar year 2019 there are a number of market uncertainties that are broadly affecting IT companies. Macroeconomic risks and softness persist in global demand from cloud service providers and supply chain frictions and liquidity have created strain for some smaller end customers. We are navigating through these market dynamics with conservatism and managing our business with a focus on profitability and cash flow generation. As we go through this cycle of compressed exabyte demand, we are taking measures to control our costs and capital spending with the expectation that the exabyte growth will resume sometime in the second half of the calendar year. Within our revenue expectation for the March quarter, we anticipate nearline HDD demand to remain soft and our nearline exabyte shipments to be flat to slightly down sequentially. We expect the consumer and gaming markets to be seasonally down in the March quarter and desktop and notebook demand to be slightly lower than seasonal demand as CPU shortage and macro uncertainty overhang continue to affect the volume in these markets. We also expect our cloud systems revenue to be relatively flat sequentially and our SSD revenues to be down sequentially due to product transitions and our near-term conservative approach to the NAND market. We expect total revenues in the March quarter to be in the range of $2.3 billion plus or minus 5%. Total exabyte shipments are forecasted to be 10% to 15% lower sequentially. We expect non-GAAP gross margins for the March quarter to be at least 26% with the majority of the sequential change related to mix and manufacturing underutilization. This forecast is outside of our long-term margin range of 29% to 33% as we adjust our manufacturing plan to a lower build volume and to keep a lean inventory level. As demand resumes and other market trend stabilize, we expect margins to return to the long-term range. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be $0.70 plus or minus 5%. We remain confident in our ability to generate significant cash flow over the next several years as we leverage our mass storage solutions portfolio for existing and new market opportunities. In closing, I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong second fiscal quarter results. Seagate’s deep storage industry expertise, leading technology portfolio and focused execution will allow us to meaningfully participate in the long-term growth trajectory for storage, delivering sustainable success for the company and value for our shareholders. I am confident Seagate will continue to lead the HDD industry and serve our customers with the best technology developments, product offerings and supply chain responsiveness. Thanks, Latif. Now we’ll open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Dave, just a couple questions on the nearline comments you made. First of all, when you talked about the outlook for the current quarter for nearline, I was wondering how that’s different than maybe 90 days ago. And along the similar lines, can you just sort of talk about what gives you the confidence in the second half recovery in nearline spending? And then last question on nearline would just be any noticeable market share shifts on different capacity points that you might want to call out? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Steven, I’d say that we’ve talked about the cyclicality before, the peak that we were in, in probably fiscal Q4 of last year, maybe even fiscal Q1 of this year. It really looks like we’re in the trough now again and the question is how deep is the trough and how wide is it and so on? There’s no reason to believe that this is necessarily how much different than the prior, but what’s different than 90 days ago I would say that we do see customers coming back for mixed changes and things like that. So there are signs of life, but nothing that I would call growth back to the next peak. And I think there are various reasons for that. You can see that in their capital spending. I don’t really think there’s very many competitive dynamics that are changing. We did allude to in our script if you’ll notice that there could be some waiting for the next capacity point to be qualified, if you will, because once you go into one of these cycles, everyone not just the suppliers of the hard drives but also the customers themselves are re-questioning their qualification resources and the timing of what they want to ramp when. So there may be some of that that’s impacting things a little bit. I do think that the cycle will come back because just the exabyte demand and servicing what’s already in the legacy data centers will have to get back on that pace.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon. 90 days ago you thought that the nearline business would be weak for a couple of quarters and if I remember correctly you thought you could hold the 29% gross margin. Obviously, a quite different outlook today. Can you just talk about what has changed in terms of the mix in manufacturing utilization dynamic that you talked about? Cloud is certainly going to continue to be weak, but it seems like that was the assumption three months ago. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Katy, I’ll hand it over to Gianluca and then I’ll come back with some other comments too.
Gianluca Romano: This is Gianluca. So the gross margin that you have seen for Q3 in terms of guidance is obviously impacted by the volume. So we had a much lower volume in our forecast compared to maybe what we were expecting couple of quarters ago. And we have decided to keep our inventory lean, so we are reducing also our production. This is creating just some level of underutilization which is part of our guidance and that is a major part of deviation from our long-term range of 29% to 33%. We think this is a temporary slowdown in terms of margin and to come back to that range fairly quickly.
Dave Mosley: And, Katy, I don’t know that I would say that the cloud is weaker than what we’ve thought 90 days ago. I think there are other parts of the market. We in particular mentioned the channels that looked to be very lean inventory and people aren’t pulling at kind of even traditional rates for seasonality. So I think those are the things that are probably impacting some of our builds and our forecast a little bit more. We also don’t have great visibility through the next couple of weeks. Chinese New Year we’re right in the middle of it and so that’s part of what’s impacting where we are right now. We do expect that at some point the cloud is going to come back when some of these other channels turn on. I think we need probably some more time before we can properly assess that. As Gianluca said, we’re going to take our medicine a little bit this quarter by making sure we turnoff the factories, don’t overbuild the wrong stuff so that we come out as fast as we can.
Katy Huberty: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Karl Ackerman of Cowen & Company. Your question please.
Karl Ackerman: Hi, Dave or Gianluca, I’m curious how we should view your longer-term capacity shipment growth within nearline despite this near-term hiccup in demand particularly as we kind of contemplate your progression towards 16 terabyte drives later on this year? And I guess as a follow up to that, I’m curious where yields are today on 12 terabyte and 14 terabyte nearline drives relative to historical cost curves of you prior durations high capacity drives and I was hoping you could also quantify or qualitatively quantify customer acceptance on 16 terabyte and perhaps any commentary on yield for your 16 terabyte drives? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes, for a lot of reasons I think – well, the operations person in me is going to say that I’m never happy with yields, right? So we’re driving it. But I don’t think yields are a problem at 12 or 14 terabytes. We can make enough drives for the market. I think it’s more of the market softness right now that’s impacting us. The transition to 16 if you think about it, there’s a lot of dynamics that are maybe causing people to pause and wait for 16. So maybe you just have to spend a bunch of qualification resources, you don’t get enough extra capacity at that last point. Maybe you have software issues that you’re looking to stage yourself. So I think there’s a lot of things going on in the world. And then there’s these liquidity issues that we talked about with some customers. There’s all kinds of dynamics. Look, big picture, we think that these drives that are 16, 18, 20 terabytes once the industry makes them, they are a great value propositions. We think we’re going to be able to yield ours very well and we pointed all of our resources at that and we think that’s going to become the norm over the next couple of years. So we’re pretty excited about it.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Good afternoon you guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Just two, if I could, somewhat related. The first one is, Dave, just going back to the volume comments that go into the March quarter guide, do you think those are macro related in an incremental way because it does sound like because you thought you can hold the 29% 90 days ago that maybe there’s something there different from a macro perspective and would just love to get your context on that. And I have a quick follow up as well. Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Ananda, I’d say to the extent that we’re looking a little bit further out in time we can see a little further and then in response to Katy’s question, we can’t see right through Chinese New Year. But looking at inventory positions out there in the world I think it’s time that we term our builds a little bit. And so that does – to that extent that they maybe some of the macro issues that maybe bleeding through. Again, our perspective is inventory while weeks on hand might be fairly “normal” I think that the inventory that’s out there from an absolute volume level is pretty low actually. So I don’t think that there’s an overabundance of inventory, certainly on Seagate inventory that’s out there. So I think we should be able to build the right stuff for the channels when that comes back and that’s what we’re off doing.
Ananda Baruah: And then you just bleed [ph] right in, thanks for that, David. That actually just kind of segued right into what my second question was, was with regards to the channel dynamics, it sounds like – is this accurate that you’re actually maybe being a little bit proactive, at least part of this is proactive as opposed to reactive? And if that’s accurate, could we see your margins come back, so I guess the demand – if non-cloud demand say was flattish in the June quarter, could we actually see the margins come back in the June quarter from the March levels you’re guiding to based on some of these channel actions you’ve taken? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I guess I wouldn’t get into that guide especially given some of the challenges we have just in the next few weeks of people coming back from Chinese New Year and given us their latest signal. So I wouldn’t get into the guide of Q4 so much. But obviously any mix changes are going to help us whether they happen in the cloud or they happen in some of these edge channels that have been impacted surveillance. These drives aren’t low capacity drives. They’re actually drives that typically take a lot of heads in discs and to your point that would help our margins quite a bit.
Ananda Baruah: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nehal Chokshi of Maxim Group. Your question please.
Nehal Chokshi: Yes. Thank you for taking my call. So I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the pause for the next gen hard drives that you’re seeing from cloud customers. Is that HAMR related or is that just the next gen of PMR?
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re still on the next gen of PMR. We actually have HAMR or next gen that will be tested side-by-side, but I think this is not a HAMR statement yet. We can ramp the last gen, if you will.
Nehal Chokshi: Okay, great. And then in edge non-compute you had a particularly weak quarter. Was that all surveillance or was that beyond surveillance?
Dave Mosley: It’s getting complicated to call something surveillance or non-surveillance. So some of the smart cities, IoT, the real I’d say entrepreneurial things that people are doing out there in the channels, people don’t just use those drives to build desktops anymore. They’re doing solutions for their end customers. That’s where we’ve seen things be a little bit soft. And again not 500 gigabyte drives like the days of old when we were – when the channels were servicing the PC market. Some of these are 4 terabyte drives, so that’s impacting. Yes, so that’s the smaller end customers that we’re referring to in our script now.
Nehal Chokshi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. In addition to the factors you just mentioned on the call for weakness in nearline drive, is there a relocation in terms of some manufacturing facilities for data center OEM outside of China which also could have some impact in terms of ordering patterns for these drives?
Dave Mosley: Tristan, I think not that I can think of off the top of my head, but I probably have to give it a little bit more thought.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you for taking the question. One quick housekeeping thing and then a real quick question. First of all, did you guide an operating expense number for this quarter and how should we think that that would progress over the next couple of quarters? And then on the question front, I’m just curious. I think you mentioned that the compute segment would be down more than seasonal in the current quarter. How would you characterize seasonality and how much are you factoring in NAND flash price erosion resulting in incremental SSD attach rates?
Gianluca Romano: Okay. This is Gianluca. I will take the first question about OpEx. So we do not really guide for Q3. I would say that the company has done an outstanding job in the last several quarters to reduce OpEx. Our fiscal Q2 was about $355 million. I expect next quarter to be more or less flat to that number.
Aaron Rakers: Thanks.
Dave Mosley: And, Aaron, I’ll try your PC side – if I don’t get it right just feel free to correct me. So the PC market we think is more than just seasonality because of some material shortages and maybe some of the disruption I was talking about in the channel as well as the liquidity issues, VARs having trouble with their go-to-market but I think it’s some of the component shortages that they’ve struggled with. As far as SSD attach, it hasn’t really changed our model too much. We’re assuming a fairly aggressive penetration certainly at 500 gigabytes and some at 1 terabyte. When you get into commercial system we’re thinking that that’s mainly tip. So that’s why we’re positioning our portfolio, for example, desktop drives are over 2 terabytes a drive and growing. So that’s the way we’re thinking about that. Notebook continues to be a fairly good market that we service from us. I won’t apologize for having a good drive down there. But we’re anticipating continued penetration of that market. And I think we’re probably less exposed than others on that just because we’ve been exiting it for a while.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Dave Mosley for any closing remarks. Sir?
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Latif. I’d just like to thank our customers and suppliers, business partners and our employees for all the contributions that they had in the second quarter and I’ll talk to everyone next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jingjing Chen - Seagate Technology Plc William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc
Analysts: Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC Joseph H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Katy L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal first quarter 2019 financial results conference call. My name is Liz, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jingjing Chen, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Jingjing.
Jingjing Chen - Seagate Technology Plc: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer, and Kate Scolnick, Interim Chief Financial Officer. We have posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September 2018 quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the September quarter, provide the company's outlook for December quarter, and then open the call for questions. We're planning for the call today to go approximately 30 minutes, and we'll do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. For December quarter, we would like to note that our quiet period will begin on December 17. On our call today, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings release for our September 2018 quarter, which is posted on our website and has been furnished on a Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about: the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance; customer market demand in the current macroeconomic environment; industry growth and trends; our technology and product shipments, developments, advancements, and our ability to achieve volume shipments for new products in 2019; demand for our products; continuity of access to long-term NAND supply; the expected return on our investments; ability to execute our roadmap and address supply constraints while maintaining an agile manufacturing footprint; potential impact of trade barriers, such as import/export duties and restrictions, tariffs and quotas; and the general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investors section of the company website. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Jingjing. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for today's earnings call. I will cover the high-level results from the September quarter and offer some market commentary. Kate Scolnick, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, will then discuss certain financial highlights from the quarter, and then I will wrap up with our outlook for the December quarter. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. For the September quarter, Seagate delivered 14% year-over-year revenue growth, 78% year-over-year growth in non-GAAP net income, and 148% year-over-year growth in cash flow from operations. These strong results were driven by 41% year-over-year growth in exabyte shipments, reflecting persistent global data growth trends and demand for Seagate's mass storage solutions. As data-centric applications continue to proliferate inside the global digital economy, strong exabyte growth trends will continue in multiple markets for the next decade. Seagate is a critical supplier to the companies, institutions, and entrepreneurs that are driving value from the massive opportunity in big data analytics, AI, smart cities, machine learning, and other cloud-based architectures. Additionally, our edge product portfolio is delivering tremendous value to a growing consumer landscape in video content creation and analytics, best represented in the gaming and entertainment arenas. Developing our product portfolio to intercept these trends has resulted in strong exabyte growth over the past several years, and we expect these trends to continue. We are leveraging our 40-year history of innovation in the storage industry to introduce new precision engineered technology advancements, including multi-actuator designs, security, video, and cloud-specific feature sets, all to meet economical next-generation capacity and performance requirements for our customers. In September, we launched the industry's broadest portfolio of 14-terabyte hard drives for NAS, desktop surveillance, and hyperscale data center applications. This purpose-built portfolio empowers customers to consume, manage, and utilize digital data more effectively and efficiently while establishing new benchmarks in speed and capacity. Consistent with this drive to innovate, we are scheduled to deliver 16-terabyte capacity solutions for the nearline market in the first half of calendar 2019. These products will use conventional magnetic recording and have product variance that over time can reach marginally higher capacity points using forms of shingled magnetic recording. As always, we are focused on specific customer requirements and feature sets to give optimal application response in the varied cloud workloads. At the same time in leveraging the same platform, we have produced 16-terabyte drives using our heat-assisted, or HAMR, technology. The HAMR system is capable of much higher density points, having now shown development progress towards 2.25 terabit per square inch at the component level, twice the density of what is shipping today. We expect to ship samples of the HAMR units to critical customers for evaluation in early calendar 2019, and then grow beyond 20 terabytes per drive in calendar 2020. Before we turn to the September financials, I'd like to comment on the near-term cloud demand and NAND market environments. Relative to cloud demand, recall that in FY 2018, the HDD industry experienced strong growth in enterprise mass storage product demand, with nearly HDD exabyte growth of over 60% year-over-year, well above the 5% average compound annual growth rate of 35% to 40%. This growth was primarily led by the global public cloud service providers. We also experienced good demand from the traditional storage OEMs that are deploying hybrid and private cloud solutions. Over the course of the last fiscal year, we effectively monetized the growth opportunities and introduced new products to our portfolio. As demonstrated over the last five years, the exabyte growth from public cloud service providers continues to accelerate. We also see, however, intermittent periods of digestion, where strong buying patterns from large-scale customers will dampen in order to build through existing inventory before proceeding. One of these digestion cycles began in earnest in late Q1 FY 2019 and our best estimate is that it may last for up to three quarters. In addition, we are seeing some enterprise spending caution in the China market. For Seagate, specifically, these demand disruptions fall in the middle of numerous product transitions with customers for our 12-terabyte and 14-terabyte nearline products, where we have not executed as crisply as we would have wanted. We will be taking the opportunity to improve our processes in this lower-demand environment so that we are positioned for stronger execution when the demand returns. While indications of CSP digestion phase, along with other supply chain disruptions have decreased the market outlook for nearline HDD addressable market in fiscal 2019, we are confident that, as in the past, demand will resume at a higher growth rate beyond this digestion phase, driven by unabated rate of data creation and growth in cloud applications. We believe we are on the front end of a long-term secular data productivity era that will evolve over the next decade, and managing cloud computing workloads will remain within the top priorities for CIOs. Now turning to the NAND market, as pricing headwinds and oversupply dynamics persist, we remain committed to our strategic approach to grow our participation in the silicon market and address our customers' storage needs without the overhang from capital requirements and significant cyclical market exposure. In the September quarter, we delivered strong sequential revenue growth and began qualifying and shipping selected products with TMC NAND. Along with the rest of the market, we have increased caution over the near-term pricing environment and we are taking some defensive measures, but believe in our opportunities to grow this area of our business over time. Fiscal 2019 continues to be a year of focused execution for Seagate, and we are taking action to demonstrate sustained operational performance through the fluctuations in the marketplace. We will continue to strive for profitable revenue growth opportunities in all the markets we serve, control expenses, and optimize cash flow generation. Now, I'll turn the call over to Kate to go into more depth on our financial performance.
Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc: Thank you, Dave. Seagate executed well in the September quarter against strong market demand. We achieved revenues of $3 billion, up 14% year over year and up 6% sequentially, consistent with our expectations. Hard disk drive revenues were up 17% year over year, and we are confident that our portfolio is well positioned to monetize cost-effective storage demand. For the enterprise hard disk drive market, we shipped 45.5 exabytes, up 67% year over year. In the nearline market, we shipped 42.5 exabytes, and our average capacity per drive exceeded 7 terabytes per drive, up 30% over last year and up 52% from the September quarter two years ago. In addition, we saw stronger than expected demand for our mission-critical portfolio that resulted in 42% year-over-year exabyte growth, with average capacity per drive over 1 terabyte. Cloud-based enterprise storage demand in the September quarter demonstrated strong year-over-year growth, but was slightly lower than we anticipated sequentially. As nearline storage capacity demand grows over the next several years, we expect continued opportunity for our mass storage portfolio that delivers multiple capacity points for different application workloads. Our 10-terabyte nearline product continues to be the leading enterprise revenue SKU for Seagate, and we achieved significant sequential volume and revenue growth in our 12-terabyte nearline product. Our highest capacity 14-terabyte products also started shipping this quarter. In the edge verticals, we've had year-over-year exabyte growth and increased average capacity per drive for nearly all end markets in the September quarter, including desktops, surveillance, DVR, gaming, network-attached storage, and consumer. In our mature markets, we remain active in minimizing our exposure to the sub-1-terabyte client, consumer and mission-critical 15K markets, as we believe these application workloads will move over time to either silicon-based memory or cloud storage, where we have or are developing portfolio offerings. In the September quarter, these products represented less than 6% of consolidated revenue. Non-hard disk drive revenues in the September quarter were $190 million, down 21% year over year. The decrease was primarily due to the planned end of life of some legacy OEM cloud system products and some intra-quarter supply chain challenges where we could not meet demand for some products. Silicon revenues were up 38% year over year and 26% sequentially. We are bullish about our long-term opportunities to grow revenue and market recognition as we invest in developing a broad-based silicon portfolio in the SAS, NVMe, consumer, and gaming markets. We are mindful of the NAND pricing dynamics, and we are managing our business with incremental caution to continue to grow revenue in a competitive manner. In the September quarter, non-GAAP gross margin was 31%, consistent with our expectations and within our long-term margin range target of 29% to 33%. The sequential change reflected better than anticipated product and customer mix, benign pricing, and offset by a reserve associated with the rapid decline in NAND market prices. Year-over-year non-GAAP margin improved approximately 200 basis points, benefiting from the mix shift to higher-margin mass storage products and high utilization of our vertically integrated factories. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $382 million, down 6% year over year and down 4% sequentially. Expenses were lower sequentially primarily due to overall operating efficiencies and lower share-based and variable compensation. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.70, up 77% year over year, and reflecting a better demand environment for our mass storage solutions and higher factory utilization. Cash flow from operations in the September quarter was $587 million and free cash flow was $410 million compared with $113 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures on a cash basis were approximately $177 million in the September quarter or 6% of total revenue. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we ended the September quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 286 million ordinary shares outstanding. In the September quarter, we redeemed 3 million shares to offset stock award dilution, and our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the September quarter, which will be payable on January 2, 2019. The company's debt balance as of the September quarter is $4.8 billion. Interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. Seagate's net debt to last 12-month EBITDA ratio is 1.1 times as of the September quarter. In the December quarter, we expect to retire the remaining November 2018 debt of approximately $499 million. The cash conversion cycle for the September quarter was eight days, reflecting a persistent market demand environment coupled with well-managed inventory levels that are in line with customer demand. And one final housekeeping item, effective June 30, 2018, we adopted a new revenue recognition policy in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Using the Modified Retrospective Method. The impact of applying the new accounting standard on the company's condensed consolidated financial statements for the September 2018 quarter was not material. Overall, our financial performance in the September quarter reflects solid execution as well as the earnings power and financial leverage within our business model. I'll now turn the call back to Dave for our outlook.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Kate. As many other IT companies have noted in their recent earnings reports, we are exercising caution in our immediate forecast due to political, regulatory, and foreign exchange uncertainty around certain areas of the world. As in the past, we believe these perturbations to be temporary, and we will still see fairly healthy exabyte demand in most markets in the December quarter. As I outlined earlier, we anticipate nearline HDD demand will decline sequentially from Q1 due to immediate drops in demand with most of the cloud service providers and given some uncertainty in the China enterprise marketplace. Previously, we were not forecasting these dynamics to occur in Q2, and we are adjusting our build plans accordingly. We anticipate edge market demand to be mostly consistent with higher seasonal demand for consumer products and lower seasonal volume for gaming consoles. Our non-HDD revenues are forecast to be relatively flat quarter-to-quarter for systems, and our SSD revenues will be up double digits, sequentially. We expect total revenues in the December quarter to be in the range of $2.7 billion to $2.75 billion. As always, we will consider intra-quarter upside opportunities that make sense for our long-term portfolio profitability. We expect gross margins for the December quarter to be at the low end of our 29% to 33% long-term range, primarily reflecting the lower demand for nearline HDDs. Operating expenses will be relatively flat, sequentially, and we are actively implementing incremental expense controls. We are committed to controlling operating expenses within our long-term financial model range of 13% to 15%, even in this challenging environment. Capital expenditures will remain at approximately 6% of revenue to support product transitions that we have planned for later in FY 2019 and beyond. For the fiscal year, we are forecasting capital expenditures to remain slightly below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In closing, it's been a while since we specifically addressed our capital allocation strategy with investors, and I wanted to highlight a few of the key elements of our framework. Seagate has demonstrated a commitment to deliver long-term value for shareholders, and we remain committed to a capital allocation framework that maximizes returns. We are confident in our ability to generate significant cash flow over the next several years. And as we leverage our mass storage portfolio for existing and new market opportunities, as announced today, in addition to approving the quarterly dividend, Seagate's Board of Directors has approved a new share redemption authorization that will enable us to redeem up to $3 billion of ordinary shares. The increase in authorization reflects the confidence of the board and the executive team in Seagate's ability to generate cash while still investing in innovation and growth opportunities. Seagate has consistently returned over 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through our quarterly cash dividend and share redemptions, and we remain committed to doing so over the long term. I strongly believe our deep storage industry expertise, leading technology portfolio, and focused execution will continue to drive long-term success for the company and deliver value for our shareholders I'd like to thank of our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong fiscal first quarter results. These efforts have Seagate well positioned for future success and value creation in FY 2019 and beyond. The September quarter has put us on a stable trajectory for FY 2019, and we will maximize our efforts to operate efficiently through the fiscal year. Liz, now I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. In the context of your comments on cloud customer buying patterns, I'm just curious. What processes have or are you currently working on with your customers that can improve the long-term visibility of their purchasing patterns, particularly given the long lead times for your enterprise drives?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Karl, that's a good question. There are long lead times of internal components, of course, and even some of the external components we have to procure. So relative to interlocks with the customers, I think those generally go pretty well. This recent demand fallout happened fairly systemically, many, many different accounts we talk about. And basically – quickly, it wasn't something that we'd ever seen as quickly before. So in these typical digestion phases, I think this one was fairly pronounced. I think long term the growth in the cloud is still there, still very strong, and qualification cycles will come back really strong at the next capacity points as those higher and higher capacity points offer better TCO propositions for them. But the ability to forecast the tactical reductions and things like that is still not where we want it to be. Are there other things that we can be doing longer term? I think so. Our portfolio is fairly complex, and I talked about that a little bit in my comments. And so I think simplifying the portfolio a little bit will allow us a little bit more flexibility. We just got caught in the middle of these product transitions, and that wasn't an option this time. But I think we'll make progress on that next time.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Joseph H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, thank you. Dave, is it possible to provide some context of this digestion period as you see it for nearline compared to similar periods in the past? Today, are you merely seeing the CSPs growing into those robust fiscal 2018 investments you referenced, or are there also efficiency techniques in play? I think that was mentioned by one of the larger players earlier in earnings season. Thanks.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: I think they talk about efficiency all the time. I think some of those techniques that they're using have diminishing returns. I do think that the buying pattern was so strong that there was probably a little bit of overbuying, and so you'll have to wait at certain accounts for them to blow through that inventory. The root of the problem, as I talked about the last problem that we had in the last digestion phase, if you will, that largely came because there were a lot of changes in component pricing quickly, and the changes in component pricing really put some of the builders upside-down. I think this one is a little bit different, but it does have to do with supply chains being a little broken right now for many components. And I think we're going to get through it fairly quickly as well. I don't think it's so much about those efficiency gains right now, Joe. That's my read from today. And I do think that there are some elements of hard drive availability at 12 terabytes. They know 16 terabytes are coming. They see the TCO proposition of those new capacity points and things like that that may actually delay through these periods as well. So we factor all these things in. To your point exactly on how big is this one relative to the last one, so our baseline that we believe we're hitting as an industry is higher than the last digestion phase, and that one was higher than the previous digestion phase. But then the run-up that we have to prepare for is very profound, and you've seen that in our financials as we come out of those digestion phases and go back into growth phases. So as far as predictability, I wish we could be better at it. But I think there are a lot of economic factors and other things that are playing in. We're just going to do the smart thing through this digestion phase and get on to the – and be prepared for the growth when it comes.
Joseph H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Katy L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning. Given the multi-quarter cloud digestion, some of the macro uncertainty in supply chain dynamics, do you have a view yet as to whether March revenue could be down more or less than normal seasonality? And is there a risk that margins could dip below the 29% to 33% range in the short term as a result?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah. I'll let Kate talk about that. We've been forecasting that, Katy. My sense, at this point, is that the revenues may be a little bit impacted into March and even further out because this digestion phase may take a couple quarters to sort out. Relative to margins, I think we can absorb a lot of things internally and manage things internally to stay inside of our range. But it's challenging because those nearline products are very content-rich, to your point. So I think we're going to take as many cost actions as we can to stay in the range. Kate, did you...?
Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes. I think what Dave said, in that we expect revenue to be down, but the gross margin to be within our long-term range.
Katy L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Your line is now open.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. I really appreciate you taking the question. I have two, if I could. Just sticking with hyperscale dynamics, cloud dynamics into the March quarter, are you guys able to get a sense or visibility or an intuition around what exabyte shipments might do in March and June, at least in March? It sounds like you're saying, guys, that you expect them to decline slightly or somewhat maybe potential for that in March. But have you gotten any anecdotal feedback, yet, from the hyperscalers that you can share with us to allow us to develop some context ourselves? And then, I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, Ananda, so I think that the push-out of some of the transitions and the fact that they will be a little bit more muted through these periods will affect the exabyte shipments. We saw very strong exabyte shipments, for example, in Q4. And then, going into Q1, the cloud actually started. At the very end of Q1 this started. So like I told Katy, I don't think we'll necessarily be done with that by Q3. Now, other segments are growing. So the edge segments continue to move up from 4 terabytes to 6 terabytes to 8 terabytes. We see good impact there. So I think net-net is some of the cloud demand impacts will be offset in exabyte growth by other segments. But I think we're just going to have to watch it and adjust our builds accordingly through those periods.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, I appreciate that. And just a real quick follow-up is, just on the OpEx, it sounds like there's things you're doing to keep the gross margin 29% – 29%-plus. On the OpEx, do you guys think about reducing OpEx levels, yet? And if not yet, what would be the signposts for doing that? Thanks.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: I would say we're taking the opportunity – because of this softness in demand, we're taking the opportunity to make sure that everything we're doing near term that we're going to get rewarded for in the longer term. Obviously, some of these decisions we're making are out over the next year or two years. But against that different demand environment and where the product qualifications will change relative to the demand environment, I think we have opportunity to go save some money, and we'll go do so and make sure we don't spend too much money into those things. I think, from my perspective, this is normal course. Had we seen the demand stay high, we might have continued to invest into those and make sure we get all of those qualifications done because you get rewarded for it in that higher signal and you can get through the product transitions, which helps your costs and so on. I think it's better to hunk down on some of the swim lanes. There's other swim lanes that are doing fine through these periods, but it's better to hunker down and save the money now and make sure that you can flow that to the bottom line.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Great context. I appreciate it, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks, good morning, just one question from me. Given everything you said, it sounds like, obviously, you're not going to be as tight on media and heads going forward. So how do you manage that supply in order to maintain the industry discipline you've shown over the last few years? Thanks very much.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Steven, that's actually a very interesting question. Process content continues to go up in heads, and we continue to ship more heads per drive. Even though the demand may be down a little bit, the demand for heads is still staying fairly consistent. And we really want our factories to be full. We want to use the highest process content that we can. So from a heads perspective, we anticipate full factories. And we're really happy with the way we've managed our footprint. Media, I think we have a lot more flexibility. And then final drive inventory, we'll watch it very carefully because we're watching cash through the period as well.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, two questions real quick, if I can as well. Going back to the discussion on the cloud demand dynamics, I'm just curious. As you look at that customer base, can you give us any kind of quantitative or qualitative commentary around how concentrated you are or how diversified you are within that customer base? And what I'd also like to understand is, how do you actually get visibility into what they're doing – or holding, for that matter, from an inventory perspective?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: So I think I had expressed some confidence in – when things were strong a couple quarters ago, Aaron, that the reason it was strong for us is because we were diversified. I think the general demand reductions have come across a diverse set of customers. It's not just at one account or two accounts. And that's global as well. I don't really want to quantify it at this point. But you can see it in the revenue projections right now and how impactful it is to us. I would say that as far as visibility, I think this is the question that Karl or Joe asked earlier as well. My sense is that there's not a whole lot of visibility to this early. So some people have claimed that they saw this coming three months ago or four months ago. I don't see it as much. And in talking to the customers. I don't believe that they did as well. They saw signals and then they backed off of some of their plans. We stay tight with them, and we trust that those conversations are pretty good over the long haul that ultimately this demand is going to come back. And like I said before, they'll be back probably looking for the higher capacity drives because those are a better value proposition in their data centers. If you think about it, if you're going to make an investment in data centers, you want to use the highest capacities you can and put those – plug those drives in for five years. That's the best TCO proposition you can find. So they have to manage those transitions as well. And I think, as we all take a little pause here, then we're going to look to align that way and get ready for the next plug.
Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. And as a second question, I'm just curious. On the silicon front, how do we think about the supply that you're getting today on the silicon, the supply arrangement that you have? And is there anything going forward that brings on more supply that we should think about of starting to really drive an appreciable revenue stream? And then on top of that, what's the margin structure of that business, say? How should we think about that?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: So I had said before that – I had commented that we were going to be pretty aggressive. Obviously, the market dynamics have changed a little bit. We don't have a take-or-pay, right now. That's not a good way to think about it. So especially because we see a lot of – we see too much inventory in certain channels, remember, we're exposed largely to enterprise SSDs, not consumer-grade and things like that. But we'd still see too much inventory in some channels. We won't bring on as much NAND in order to build our products to compound that problem. We'll be patient through that period of time. So that affects our revenue projections a little bit. But the customer qualifications, the customers who like who products, they'll continue to pull, and I think we'll get back on our horse. We have access to ample NAND to grow to the levels that we had talked about before, which is doubling revenue every quarter – sorry, every year for the foreseeable future. So I'm not worried about supply from that perspective. I'm more worried about the industry dynamics.
Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And margin?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: As far as margin goes, I think it will be probably a little dilutive to Seagate gross margins till we get it running properly, but it's very – it's cash that we really like, and it's a very good flexible model. So we're happy with it.
Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I want to once again thank all of our employees and customers, suppliers, and business partners for all of their contributions in the first quarter. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - SVP, Investor Relations and Treasurer William David Mosley - CEO David H. Morton, Jr. - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jedi, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Morton Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and fiscal 2018 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the June quarter in the fiscal year 2018, provide the company's outlook for the September quarter, and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. For the September quarter, we'd like to note that our quiet period will begin on September 24. On our call today, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investors section of our Web site. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about: the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance; customer and market demand in the current macroeconomic conditions; industry growth and trends; our technology and product development advancements and our ability to achieve volume shipment for new product development in 2019; demand for our products; continuity of access to long-term NAND supply; the expected return on our investments; our ability to execute our roadmap and address supply constraints while managing an agile manufacturing footprint; potential impact of trade barriers, such as import/export duties and restrictions, tariffs and quotas; and, general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company Web site. I'd now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. For today's earnings call, I will cover the high-level results from the June quarter and fiscal 2018. Our CFO, Dave Morton, will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the September quarter. I’m pleased to report Seagate's financial results for the June quarter reflect very strong year-over-year growth in revenue and profitability. We achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, up 18% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 31.9%, and net income of $461 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.57. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 32.4%, net income of $475 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.62. HDD exabyte shipments for the June quarter were 92.9 exabytes, up 49% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was a record 2.5 terabytes per drive, up 40% year-over-year and the average selling price per unit was approximately $72, up 12% year-over-year. GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses were $399 million with non-GAAP down 5% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $468 million and free cash flow was $372 million. Turning to our full fiscal year 2018 results, our solid business model execution drove year-over-year growth in revenue, profitability and cash flow generation. Strong year-over-year growth and exabyte shipments reflects the competitiveness of our mass storage solutions and their alignment with the growing demand for data products globally. For the full fiscal year of 2018, Seagate achieved revenue growth of 4% year-over-year, $2.1 billion of cash flow from operations, up 10% year-over-year and $1.7 billion of free cash flow, up 18% year-over-year. GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income growth of approximately 53% and 31%, respectively. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.05, up 57% year-over-year and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $5.51, up 34% year-over-year. GAAP gross margins of 30.1% and non-GAAP gross margins of 30.7% and total exabyte growth of 29% year-over-year. I'll turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activity shortly. Before I do so, I'd like to address the announcement we made today in addition to our earnings results regarding our CFO transition. Dave Morton, who has been our CFO for close to three years and with the company for over 23 years has decided to leave Seagate for a Senior Finance Executive role at another company. We will be conducting a search for the Chief Financial Officer role and the Board has appointed Kate Scolnick, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Kate is a Senior Vice President and the Company Treasurer and over the last six years has been an integral part of Seagate's senior leadership team. On behalf of the management team and the Board, we thank Dave Morton for his leadership of the finance organization and his many contributions to our business. And I’d also like to thank Kate for taking on increased responsibilities. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David H. Morton, Jr.: Thanks, Dave. For the June quarter, our operational results reflect year-over-year growth in revenues, profitability and exabyte shipments. We executed well this quarter against strong market demand. In the June quarter, total revenues were up 18% year-over-year and hard disk drive revenues were up 19% year-over-year. The growth in hyperscale and cloud storage deployments continues to represent an important opportunity for Seagate and we are confident in our nearline hard disk drive portfolio designed to serve these environments. For the enterprise hard disk drive market, we shipped a record 47.2 exabyte with a record average capacity of approximately 5.3 terabytes per drive, up 54% year-over-year. In the nearline market, we shipped 44.5 exabytes and our average capacity per drive reached approximately 7 terabytes per drive, up 43% over last year and up 54% from the June quarter two years ago. In addition, we saw some intra-quarter upside demand for our mission-critical portfolio that resulted in a 18% year-over-year exabyte growth with average capacity per drive over 1 terabyte. Cloud-based enterprise storage demand continues to be extremely persistent and supply remains bit constrained. Our 10 terabytes nearline product was the leading enterprise SKU in the June quarter and we achieved significant sequential volume and revenue growth in our 12 terabytes nearline product. As nearline storage capacity demand grows over the next several years, we expect continued opportunity for our mass storage portfolio that delivers multiple capacity points for different application workloads. In the edge verticals, we've had year-over-year exabyte growth in the June quarter for nearly all end markets including PC compute, surveillance, DVR, gaming and network attached storage. At the same time, we are actively minimizing our exposure to the sub 1 terabyte client consumer and mission-critical 15K markets, as we believe these application workloads will move over time to either silicon-based memory or cloud storage where we have or are developing portfolio offerings. In the June quarter, these products represented approximately 6% of our consolidated revenue. Non-hard disk drive revenues in the June quarter were $183 million, relatively flat year-over-year. Within this, silicon revenues were up 53% year-over-year and we are bullish about our opportunities to leverage our supply agreement with Toshiba Memory Corporation as we invest in developing a broad-based silicon product portfolio in the SaaS, NVMe, consumer and gaming markets for significant revenue growth and expanding margin contributions. We believe that our strategic approach to participate in the silicon market allows us to address customer storage portfolio needs and provide for profitable revenue growth in our business model without the overhang from capital requirements and cyclical market exposure. Cloud systems revenue declined 21% year-over-year, primarily due to the planned shaping of our business to optimize the margin structure and business mix. Cash flow from operations in the June quarter was $468 million and free cash flow was $372 million. For the full fiscal year, cash flow from operations was $2.1 billion, up 10% year-over-year and free cash flow of $1.7 billion was up 18% year-over-year. Our cash conversion cycle for the June quarter was 6 days, reflecting a persistent market demand environment coupled with well-managed inventory levels that are in line with customer demand. Gross margins in the June quarter were 31.9% on a GAAP basis and 32.4% on a non-GAAP basis and within our long-term margin range target of 29% to 33%. The sequential upside in gross margins included better mix from our enterprise portfolio, linearity and some product cost benefits. Year-over-year, our margins have benefited from the enterprise mix shift in our business, higher capacity points mix shift across the rest of our mass storage solutions portfolio and high utilization of our vertically integrated factories. On a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, operating expenses for the June quarter were $399 million, down 15% year-over-year on a GAAP basis and down 5% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis. Expenses were slightly higher than planned as we had higher variable compensation as a result of better annual performance and some accelerated material spend needed for our future product portfolio. Capital expenditures on a cash basis were approximately $96 million in the June quarter, which support the continued ramping of our newest highest capacity hard disk drive products and maintenance capital. For the fiscal 2018, capital expenditures were below 4% of total revenue. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the June quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 287 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our Board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the June quarter, which will be payable on October 3, 2018. Interest expense for the June quarter was $54 million. During the fiscal year 2018, the company repurchased $214 million of outstanding debt and our debt structure and level of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities, given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. Our net debt to the last 12 months EBITDA ratio is 1.2x as of June quarter. In the June quarter as part of a consortium led by the Bain Private Equity, we finalized our investment of approximately $1.3 billion in acquisition of the Toshiba Memory Corporation. This investment is expected to have a 5% per annum financial return that is intended to be held to maturity over its 6-year life. For fiscal 2018, we returned 51% of cash flow from operations to the shareholders, slightly above the high-end of our long-term model range of 30% to 50%. And as we did last quarter, I wanted to provide an updated perspective on the recently enacted and proposed trade actions to increase tariffs on some products imported into the U.S., including some of Seagate storage products. As a global technology company, Seagate has decades of experience in managing complex global supply chains and technology manufacturing operations in nearly every region. In response to the tariff changes that took place this month we are actively working with our affected customers and suppliers to identify and implement minimally disruptive mitigation plans. In reference to any additional new duty tax changes that may take effect will be evaluating additional minimally disruptive mitigation plans for the affected customers and suppliers. Going forward, we'll update you if there are any conditions that change in our business. Overall, our operational and financial performance in the June quarter and full fiscal 2018 reflects solid execution as well as the earnings power and financial leverage within our business model. I would now like to turn the call back to Dave Mosley.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Dave. Strong global macroeconomic conditions and global investments in IT infrastructure persist leading to higher cloud data center and edge demand. For Seagate, secular market growth trends in nearline, surveillance and SSD are more than offsetting mature market trends as in -- such as in the compute and mission-critical markets. Given the current macroeconomic environment and forecast for data growth and related storage spending, we believe we are on pace to demonstrate another year of revenue and profitability growth and strong cash flow generation in fiscal 2019. To meet the needs of the growing broad base of customers and verticals requiring mass storage solutions, particularly in the cloud environments, we're bringing out a number of new technology enhancements, including multi-actuator designs, security features and application workload advancements specific to cloud customers. An important aspect of Seagate storage portfolio that will accelerate through fiscal 2019 is growing our SSD revenue in the SaaS, NVMe, consumer and gaming markets as we integrate our TMC NAND supply and qualify our products with customers. These qualifications are going well and our expectations are to achieve double-digit sequential quarterly revenue growth through the fiscal year. With favorable conditions and continued execution, we now have NAND supply to sustain this rate of growth over the next few years. For the September quarter, we anticipate year-over-year revenue, exabyte and profitability growth with continued strong enterprise demand and sequential seasonal demand in the compute and gaming markets. We remain bit constrained and we're working to serve our customers across their portfolio needs as we actively work to optimize our media and heads for our entire mass storage solution product set. We expect total revenues in the September quarter to be up approximately 5% sequentially, demonstrating year-over-year revenue growth of over 10%. This rate of sequential growth should continue through the December quarter as well. Cash flow from operations for the September quarter are forecasted to be approximately $500 million, up significantly year-over-year. We expect gross margins for the September quarter to be at the midpoint of our 29% to 33% long-term range, as we competitively participate in the seasonal demand for HDD gaming, consumer and compute products, continue to ramp to yield our highest capacity products within our HDD enterprise portfolio, and ramp our SSD business revenue. Our vertically integrated factory utilization remains very high. We continue to manage our day-to-day operating expenses tightly and work to align our organization with future opportunities. Toward these efforts, we're executing a voluntary retirement plan in the September quarter that is outside of our restructuring activities. This plan will increase our overall operating expenses by approximately 5% sequentially. Beyond September, overall operating expenses will then decline to approximately $385 million a quarter, providing further leverage to our fiscal year '19 financial model and at the low-end of our long-term financial model range of 13% to 15%. To address the high-capacity mass storage HDD demand signals and the product transitions we've planned for FY19 and beyond, we're increasing our capital expenditures in the September and December quarter's to approximately 6% of revenue. For the fiscal year, we're forecasting capital expenditures to remain below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In summary, I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong fiscal year 2018 results. These efforts have Seagate well-positioned for future success and value creation in FY2019 and beyond. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we'll now open-up the call for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kathryn Huberty: Thank you. Good morning. It seems like the biggest tailwind, but also a risk going forward is how strong the enterprise HDD business was in June. So, just wonder whether you can comment on what you see over the next six months from both the mission-critical business where you saw upside as well as whether you're seeing any softening in cloud demand? And then just as a follow-on to that, three months ago, you talked about better seasonal volumes as well as the ramp of high cap in SSD, new products helping margins in the back half, but it doesn't sound like you expect sequential improvement as you go into the September quarter. So just wondering if anything has changed on that front. Thank you.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Katy. So mission-critical has been fairly steady, I would say. Last quarter was a little bit higher than last couple of quarters, so we’re watching it carefully to see if we do need to ratchet that up, but I would consider that market very stable. On the cloud front, there are a number of different things going on. And I would say that demand continues very strong. Strong globally and there's also a mix up over the last couple of years many customers who once upon a time were buying 2 and 4 terabytes are now up at 10 and 12 terabytes. So you see as people continue to do these buildouts you see the demand for more and more exabytes, which is where we have to chase with our heads and media investment as well. So I don't see that abating in the next six months. To some extent the industry will answer that as much as we can, but I think for the foreseeable future that’s very strong. Dave, do you want to …?
David H. Morton, Jr.: Yes, in regards to the back half of the year, specifically as the sequential margin impact, I'd tell you everything remains on track. With that said, I just think there's some cautiousness in and around some of the regular inflationary pressures we see both from raw materials as well as some of the wage inflation. And as we continue to navigate through that, as we continue to be a bit constrained on particularly at the higher end of those capacity points, obviously that will continue to shape our -- us meeting that margin profile and moving into the higher end of that range, Katy.
William David Mosley: That’s right, Katy. So we really want to answer the higher mix that we're seeing all the time. And as we do that, we’ve to launch new products. Some of those new products we have to get to yield -- ramp to yield as quickly as we can. And those are some of the headwinds that we’re facing I think, but long-term I don't think those trends are bad for us. I think they’re very good.
Kathryn Huberty: Okay. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
William David Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering on the NAND front, if you could just maybe provide a little bit more detail on how exactly that ramp proceeds? You gave some color on the revenues, but if you think about a waterfall where you can have the most success commercially for a second, third as you go through the next few quarters and where, that would be helpful. And then I had a follow-up.
William David Mosley: Yes. Steve, I don't think we want to tip our hand too much. But you can see from the interfaces that we’re addressing, that we're really going after the enterprise most heavily, I mean, Seagate has deep experience with SaaS drives, of course, and that's what we've had qualified in the past. So the transition as we get more NAND supply online, the transition in some of those existing customers already took to just more market share. And maybe a little bit of horizontal proliferation to the new customers as well as possible in SaaS. NVMe is -- as we all know, it's fairly new and changing very quickly. There's a lot of demand for new feature sets. We feel fairly linked in with customers there and we feel like we've a pretty good product portfolio. So as the market switches to NVMe, especially with enterprise features associated with that, with our customer intimacy we should do pretty well. There are also other consumer and gaming markets that we will try to deploy the new assets against, but it look -- really stays -- we really stay focused on enterprise.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s helpful. And then just -- obviously, it's a small bump up in CapEx and you’re talking about this being continued. But I was curious in terms of the Q1 increase in CapEx, like what bottlenecks are you addressing with that? Is it more related to components or testing etcetera?
William David Mosley: Yes, they’re short-term and long-term. The component piece will be relatively longer lead times, so we’re looking out into FY20 and '21 and making sure we have the right comp on stands with the market there. But there will be some short-term tactical things like more test capacity and things like that, because as we move to higher and higher capacity points for the individual disk drives, then we need more test capacity to answer that.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Your line is now open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the solid results. Hey, just real quick, Dave, congrats. It's been great working with you and the company certainly performed well while you’ve been in the role. So we look forward to seeing what’s next in store for you. Just a couple, if you could. Dave, just going back to cloud, when do you or have you yet -- are you yet able to get a sense of when you may not be in a cloud constrained environment, or when would you envision that if you have a sense of that being?
William David Mosley: Yes, so for watchers of the industry over the last 10 years, you’ve seen these digestion phases that the cloud goes through. I would say in answer to Katy's question as well, we don't see that in the next six months. Some of that will be driven a little bit by what's going on in the macro, but we don't see that in the near horizon at least. Longer-term the nice thing for us right now is not only the propagation of customers globally, it's not just a few hyperscale people that are doing massive installs, its globally happening. The other thing is that these capacity points are driving north. So I think as people are doing the install, they’re not just answering the call of yesterday's data, they’re actually the data growth is very large. So they want our highest capacity drives. Just over the last few years we've seen almost a 40% CAGR, but just in this last period that we’re in is ticking up. So we are watching carefully. I think, Amanda, to answer your question about any of these digestion phases that we've been bit by the past, but we don't see one in the near-term here.
Ananda Baruah: And how are the constraints impacting like-for-like kind of pricing? And are the dynamics impacting the tenure of contract conversations yet, with your customers?
William David Mosley: I do think that this cycle is getting people to acknowledge that they have to be a little bit more strategic on the install. And so, therefore if you’re building a big data center, you don't show up in the last few weeks and surprise us with a bunch of new demand, because we just can't answer it in that kind of lead lines. I think most of our large-scale customers are smart about that and that is affecting that cycle that you made reference to. Pricing will still stay aggressive for the highest capacity points I think and we will continue to have to answer that with cost reductions and new product introductions in areal density is the same way we ever have.
Ananda Baruah: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Long from BMO. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Just a few, if I could. On the new products you mentioned around security and workload [ph] enhancements, et cetera. Could you talk a little bit about how you see them ramping into the revenue model? And is there any of that in the September and December views? And then just on looking out to December with the sequential growth there, just give us a little sense as to your visibility into the numbers. It sounds like there's just tons of demand and capacity constrained, anything other than that you could talk about in the visibility? Thank you.
William David Mosley: So as far as the new feature developments, I would say that some of this comes with the maturation of the market. You see customers who want their specific applications optimized and there -- they can pick from a plethora of different features that we've developed arguably over the years for key OEMs or for some of the early movers in the cloud. Now you're starting to see optimization scenarios for some of the growing Tier 2 people and so on. I think what that does is it creates a great business relationship between the companies. It's not necessarily something that that drives a lot of increased revenue or anything other than the fact that it speeds up their transition and makes their data centers more effective, so that they can get done with -- to get done. Beyond six months from now, it's really hard to tell, I mean, we've all been through these cloud cycles before and so I'm -- maybe a little -- there's a little bit of trepidation always that there is another digestion phase coming. But again given how broad-based it is this time, I think it'll probably more muted and we will stay at or above the traditional growth rates, I think.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you. And also congratulations on the quarter. I just wanted to ask and going back with the silicon business. I know that you have mentioned 53% year-over-year growth and that kind of kicking in here as we go forward. I’m just curious as we think about that line, how we should think about the gross margin of that business progressing? And kind of taking that also into consideration, it would appear that your hard disk drive gross margin is actually even healthily above that 29% to 33% range. So any kind of color of the sustainability of that hard disk drive gross margin as well.
William David Mosley: Yes, I think that over time given the new NAND supply agreement, we will be able to grow certainly accretive to our operating income, which is where really what I'm focused on. The SSD businesses that we have, the lines of business that we have. I think it is fair to say that so far it's been -- it's not been accretive on the gross margin line or the operating income line, and we’re going to go over to fix that as we move forward.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. And hard disk drive gross margin?
David H. Morton, Jr.: Yes, Aaron, we don’t want to get into separation of that for obvious competitive reasons. Clearly, we have some upside opportunities as they had intimated on our silicon business. And so we look at it as just all accretive going forward.
Aaron Rakers: Fair enough.
William David Mosley: Yes, it depends on the portfolio pretty well, Aaron. You know trying to balance all the things we can for revenue growth and cash flow generations on.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, I agree. Fair enough. Thank you.
William David Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Cihra from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Robert Cihra: Great. Thanks very much for squeezing in. I guess just a long -- long-term question -- sorry, not long question. The -- you obviously had great leverage from reducing costs and capacity and focus on to nearline. Where do you -- sort of, how do you drive the metrics in terms, I mean, at one point could you -- could see the lead only due enterprise drives and no client at all? I mean, but at the same time how do you manage that, but keep your scale economics? Thanks.
William David Mosley: Yes, Rob, I really don't think that’s going to happen and we’re seeing growth in some of the non-client compute markets, the surveillance in particular. Some of the edge devices, the burgeoning edge device, I mean, we might even classify gaming as that, video cashing at the edge is going to be a big market. So, as we look to balance all those things, like I said and to the answer to Aaron's question, we’re going to try to grow revenue first and then balance cash flow. Could the market all become cloud, I don’t think the demand will grow that big, but its growing pretty fast in the last couple of years. So if it could have been nice for us to be able to pivot to there, we’re going to need more heads and disks and drive capacity and so on and so forth to do that. But I would hesitate to say that the other markets are winnowing away if anything, they’re growing in exabytes as well.
Robert Cihra: Okay. That’s fair. Thank you.
William David Mosley: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I would like to again thank all of our customers, suppliers, partners and employees for a great quarter, and we'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Link to audio »:
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc
Analysts: Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal third quarter 2018 financial results conference call. My name is Amanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Morton Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our March 2018 quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the March quarter, provide the company's outlook for the June quarter, and then open the call for questions. We're planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. For the June quarter, we would like to note that our quiet period will begin on June 25. On our call today, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investors section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about: the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance; customer and market demand in the current macroeconomic conditions; industry growth and trends; our technology and product development advancements and our ability to achieve volume shipment for new product development in 2019; demand for our products; continuity of access to long-term NAND supply; consummation of the Bain Capital Private Equity transaction; our ability to execute our roadmap and address supply constraints while maintaining an agile manufacturing footprint; potential impact of trade barriers, such as import/export duties and restrictions, tariffs and quotas; and, general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company website. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. For today's earnings call, I will cover the high-level results from the March quarter. Our CFO, Dave Morton, will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the June quarter. I am pleased to report Seagate's financial results for the March quarter reflect year-over-year growth in revenue and profitability. We achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, up 5% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 30.2%, and a net income of $381 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.31. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 30.8%, net income of $424 million, up 29% year over year, and a diluted earnings per share of $1.46, up 33% year over year. HDD exabyte shipments for the March quarter were 87.4 exabytes, up 34% year over year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was a record 2.4 terabytes per drive, up 32% year over year. And the average selling price per unit was $70.50, up 6% year over year. GAAP operating expenses were $406 million, down 26% year over year. And non-GAAP operating expenses were $385 million, down 13% year over year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $558 million, up 31% year over year. And free cash flow was $489 million, up 48% year over year. Fiscal year to date, we have achieved cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. Achieving year-over-year revenue and profitability growth and significant cash flow generation in the March quarter reflects Seagate's strong business model execution. I am pleased with the traction we have gained with our mass storage solutions across the enterprise and edge markets and with the competitiveness of our entire HDD portfolio that aligns with trending data growth opportunities. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities.
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Dave. For the March quarter, our operational results reflect year-over-year growth in revenues, profitability, and exabyte shipments. We executed well this quarter against strong market demand and exceeded our expectations. In the March quarter, total revenues were up 5% year over year, and hard disk drive revenues were up 7% year over year. The growth in hyperscale and cloud storage deployments continues to represent an important opportunity for Seagate, and we are confident in our nearline hard disk drive portfolio designed to serve these environments. For the enterprise hard disk drive market, we shipped a record 43.8 exabytes, with a record average capacity of 4.8 terabytes per drive. In the nearline market, we shipped 41.3 exabytes, and our average capacity per drive reached 6.5 terabytes per drive, up 41% over last year and up 64% from the March quarter two years ago. Cloud-based enterprise storage demand continues to be extremely persistent and supply remains bit constrained. Our 10-terabyte nearline product was the leading enterprise revenue SKU in the March quarter. In addition, we achieved significant sequential volume and revenue growth in our 12-terabyte nearline product as we ramp for material revenue contribution. As nearline storage capacity demand grows over the next several years, we expect continued opportunity for our mass storage portfolio that delivers multiple capacity points for different application workloads. In the edge verticals, we've had year-over-year exabyte growth in the March quarter for nearly all end markets, including PC compute, consumer, gaming, and network-attached storage. The March quarter non-hard disk drive revenues, primarily from the Cloud Systems and Silicon Group, were $217 million, up 2% sequentially. Year over year, the non-hard disk drive revenues were down 13%, primarily due to the planned end of life of some legacy OEM cloud systems products and the divestiture of high-performance computing assets. Silicon revenues were up a few percentage points year over year, and we continue to be bullish about our opportunities to leverage our supply agreement with the Toshiba Memory Corporation, as we invest in developing a broad-based silicon product portfolio in the SAS, SSD, PCIe, NVMe, consumer, and gaming markets for significant revenue growth and expanding margin contributions. We believe that our strategic approach to participate in the silicon market allows us to address customer storage portfolio needs and provide for profitable revenue growth opportunities in our business model without the overhang from additional capital requirements and cyclical market exposure. At the same time, we are actively minimizing our exposure to the sub-1-terabyte client consumer and mission-critical 15K markets, as we believe these application workloads will move over time to either silicon-based memory or cloud storage, where we have or are developing portfolio offerings. In the March quarter, these products represented less than 8% of consolidated revenue. Critical to supporting the massive growth in data is our ability to continue to provide mass storage solutions that optimize areal density and have the greatest reliability, quality, and total cost of ownership benefits. Seagate has demonstrated technology leadership with generations of storage technologies and products. Over the last five years, we've been the leader in areal density with our perpendicular, shingled, and two-dimensional magnetic recording areal density solutions. These recording technologies continue to provide measurable total cost of ownership advantages for the mass storage market over other memory-based technologies, particularly for cloud-based environments. We continue to make progress towards the introduction of our heat-assisted magnetic recording technology. This next-generation recording platform will open up a rich design space for high-capacity nearline drives that will push capacity points up 24 terabytes per drive and beyond and offer great economic value for our customers. We anticipate launching our HAMR portfolio in volume in 2019, and the future investment costs are already contemplated in our existing operating expense and capital expenditure long-term model. Operating expenses for the March quarter were $406 million on a GAAP basis and $385 million on a non-GAAP basis, down 13% year over year. Capital expenditures were approximately $69 million in the March quarter, which support the continued ramping of our newest highest capacity hard disk drive products and maintenance capital. For fiscal 2018, we anticipate capital expenditures to remain below 5% of total consolidated revenue. Cash flow from operations in the March quarter was $558 million and free cash flow was $489 million. Year to date, we have generated over $1.6 billion in cash flow from operations and nearly $1.4 billion in free cash flow. Our cash conversion cycle for the March quarter was five days, reflecting a persistent market demand environment coupled with well-managed inventory levels that are in line with customer demand. Over the last two years, we have made many changes to optimize our operational footprint and supply chain management. Product complexity is a significant challenge in the storage marketplace right now and we believe our agility and manufacturing responsiveness within the component supply chain provides a significant competitive advantage for Seagate. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we ended the March quarter with $2.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 287 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the March quarter, which will be payable on July 5, 2018. Interest expense for the March quarter was $60 million. Our debt structure and level of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities, given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. In the March quarter, we deployed $57 million towards redeeming our November 2018 senior notes. Our net debt to last 12 months EBITDA ratio continues to trend down and is under one times as of the March quarter. As a global technology company, Seagate has decades of experience in managing complex global supply chains and technology manufacturing operations in nearly every region. We work with technology customers, vendors and suppliers throughout the world. In the area of tax and trade, the U.S. and China have recently announced potential trade actions that could increase tariffs on some products imported into the U.S. Given the fluid nature of the issue, it is too speculative to determine any impact or changes for Seagate's operations. However, we continue to monitor the situation. Overall, our operational and financial performance in the March quarter reflects solid earnings power and financial leverage within our business model. Looking ahead, we will continue to align our go-to-market operations and product portfolio advancements for growth in the existing mass storage markets. Over the long term, we believe there will be additional growth opportunities with new markets and customers that will leverage our cost-efficient and reliable storage technologies. I would now like to turn the call back to Dave Mosley.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Dave. Turning to our market outlook, we remain optimistic about Seagate's earnings power, as current macroeconomic conditions and global investments in cloud-based environments persist. Specific to the nearline products, we share the perspective that we are in the early stages of a broad-based global cloud storage transformation. For the June quarter, we anticipate year-over-year revenue, exabyte, and profitability growth, with continued strong enterprise demand and tight supply for our highest capacity solutions. Within the other markets we serve, we anticipate sequential seasonal unit demand declines, as we would typically see in the June quarter. It is important to note, however, that exabyte demand is growing year over year in nearly all markets. As a result of these exabyte demand trends, we expect total revenues to be approximately flat, sequentially, from the March quarter, reflecting quarterly year-over-year revenue growth of roughly 17% and total revenue growth of approximately 4% for fiscal 2018. We expect gross margins to be sequentially in line with the March quarter and continue to be within our 29% to 33% long-term range. Cash flow from operations for the June quarter should be at least $500 million, and we are on track to achieve over $2 billion in cash flow from operations for fiscal 2018. Based upon our trajectory for our overachievement of our fiscal year 2018 plan, we anticipate an increase in variable compensation for employees for annual performance in the June quarter. We continue to manage our day-to-day operating expenses tightly, and we anticipate overall non-GAAP operating expenses will be down sequentially 1% to 2%. Looking further ahead, feedback from our largest enterprise customers in all regions indicates strong capacity demand will continue throughout the calendar year. In addition, we anticipate seasonal strength in our other markets, with particularly strong exabyte growth in edge markets in the second half. Diverse markets that are exhibiting strong data storage requirements translate to continued favorable growth and profitability opportunities for Seagate. We believe these long-term trends will continue with existing customers and that new customers and business vertical opportunities are also on the horizon. In summary, I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their alignment and contributions to the March quarter's results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we'll now open up the call for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the head and disk constraints you might be facing and whether you've had to reallocate some of your supply chain towards faster growing markets. And if that's the case, have you lost any share on client, and how do you think that continues throughout the rest of the calendar year? Thank you.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: As you're alluding to, Steven, head and disk lead times can be quite long, and we have to make sure that we have the right capacity in place for the right markets at the right times of the year due to their seasonality. So I think we executed our plan pretty well on client, and enterprise continues to remain strong. That's pulling, frankly, quite a few heads and disks. So I wouldn't say that there was any share loss or anything that was untoward for us. We pretty much executed the client plan. We knew it was going to be seasonally down. We said that actually going in. And then we'll continue to point more and more heads and media at the high-capacity opportunities throughout the course of the year. And as we continue to see strength there, we'll try to ramp that up and apply more and more resources to it to try to meet that demand.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. And as a quick follow-up on the client side, as you move away from more of the 1-terabyte and below, is there a chance that maybe you raise that bar and are looking at possibly 2 terabytes and below as your hurdle for getting involved in client?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: In some of our comments in the script, especially in the desktop markets, you're seeing fragmentation of the market. And some particular parts of the market, for example, surveillance, it's exhibiting seasonality in units, but the demand for higher capacity keeps going up. So exactly to your point, we are seeing people moving from 1 terabyte and 2 terabytes as their baseline offering to 2 terabytes, 4 terabytes, 8 terabytes, and so on. And we'll have to answer that with technology for areal density technology or heads and media of the same length.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thank you, guys, for taking the question. Can you guys hear me okay?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Hey, congrats on strong performance and executing well in difficult market conditions. Dave, I would just love to get a little more context on the comments around cloud trends and I guess high capacity trends in general. It sounds like maybe the momentum actually continues to pick up there. We are (20:50), but it sounds like momentum may even be a picking up. And you made comments about strength in not just the second half of the year, but I think you made a multiyear comment as well. Could you just – number one, is it accurate that the momentum continues to build? And then, secondarily, any thought process around what's leading to second half conviction? Is an (21:20) even view the strength continues into calendar year 2019 would be really helpful. Thanks.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Good. Thanks, Ananda. So if you remember the history of the nearline markets in the last five years, there's been periods where we misinterpreted it as seasonality, but there were periods of feast and famine, if you will. The market – generally, the exabytes were increasing at about a 35% CAGR, but there were some markets sometimes where the market was much faster than that and other times where it slowed down. We're starting to see that abate and the demand be a lot more predictable, longer lead time visibility. And some of that's because the build-out of major cloud installations pulling really hard on high-capacity drives is not as feast or famine, anymore. I think behind that, and this is something that is still developing a little bit, are the more legacy technologies for on-prem or smaller data centers where the capacity points aren't necessarily the highest capacity points, so we'll say 8 terabytes and below, but the demand is quite strong and quite diverse, geographically. So from my perspective, that strength actually picked up middle of last year and feels strong through the back half of this calendar year as well. Looking out into calendar year 2019, I think it may be a little bit premature. We'll see the size of the back half of this year first, but it's certainly feeling like the install patterns that most of the cloud service providers and some of these big on-prem companies are in the middle of are still very healthy. And so, I wouldn't be surprised at all if it does extend for another year.
Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks for that. I'll (23:24).
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning. Enterprise revenue is at record mix, 44% this quarter, and yet gross margins are only up the middle of your long-term range and up just slightly, sequentially. And so, what's holding back gross margins? And then, if in your answer you can comment on whether you saw any improvement in the non-HDD gross margin in the quarter. And I have a quick follow-up.
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Hi, Katy, it's Dave Morton. So in regards to our gross margins, I'd also like to remind everybody that sequential quarter we also had some production reductions. We were down total volume build-wise. And this is probably the only time I'll talk absolute units, but build-wise, total volumes were down about 4% to 5%. And so, if you think about the absorption loss from that, that added some headwinds. If you look at it from a year-over-year basis, though, however, absolute gross margin dollars were up approximately $50 million. And so, that's where you're really starting to see the expansion due to the changes from your client/server more so to the mobility cloud and with the build-out of these workloads and these streams. I'd also remind you that our 12 TB is still ramping aggressively into material volume contributions, and so we had some startup costs associated with that as well. So all in all, great quarter by the team, specifically in operations. In regards to some of our non-hard disk drive contributors to our top line revenue, we did see some small incremental margin accretion there. However, we still have some further optimization to go. We spoke about the Toshiba Memory Corporation alignment coming online. That will provide us some margin opportunities in the back half of this year. And then, we still have some near-term opportunities within our Systems group as well.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And is there any line of sight in terms of getting the non-HDD gross margins up closer to corporate average? Is that possible in the next 12 months, or is that a longer-term goal?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: I think it's a longer-term – this is Dave Mosley, by the way, Katy. I think it's a longer-term goal than that. From our perspective, we're staging a lot of resources to be able to intercept these markets. But I think the growth of those markets, for us at least, will be longer-term than that to hit margin parity.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. The first question is on the nearline market. Certainly, we're seeing the positive view throughout the year and potentially into 2019, but I think there are comments about being capacity constrained as well, and specifically within the nearline market. And I was hoping you could help us understand why you think you may be able to ship bits in line with demand.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: I think we're going to have to answer the call – this is to my earlier comments. We're going to have to answer the call with areal density solutions. As far as components, the constraints are pretty tight right now in operations. We can pivot and I think a previous question alluded to this. We can pivot from some of the client markets, but that will be delicate because the lead times are fairly long on some of those decisions. But we're trying our best to go answer it. We'll probably stage not any footprint changes, but a little bit more capital directed at the nearline markets within our budgets and try to answer it as much as we can. The big question for us, the big question for everyone I think that everyone's asking is how long is it going to last and how big is the peak? And I think right now we just see strong demand through the back half of this calendar year.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And for a follow-up on OpEx, I understood the comments about some investing coming in. The company had a target to get to $375 million of non-GAAP OpEx exiting this fiscal year. Can you just talk about where that stands and to what extent you can still hold disciplined OpEx levels in the back half of the calendar year?
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: That's good. We've driven all the actions – this is from a time about a year and half ago when we set a bogey and said this is the footprint that we needed to be in. We've driven all the actions to get there, and we're still on that same trajectory. Obviously, with some of these opportunities, there are some near-term, I'll call them, materials challenges around some of the new product launches that we could actually launch faster and get it to market and then answer the question on areal density even quicker to get after revenue. So we're in that mode right now of looking what our near-term opportunities are. We do want that footprint to be still maintained the same through the back half of this year. So we're trying everything that we can to meet all the market demand, at the same time staying inside the footprint that we worked so hard to get to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much, just a quick question. On the Enterprise SSD business, it's still quite small. I guess it was up a little bit year over year. But what does it take to build momentum there? Is a lot of that tied to the planned Toshiba deal? Is that the big change going forward, or what else can you do there to get that business growing? Thanks.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes, from our perspective, one of the things that has hindered us in the past is the fact that we're always changing either the NAND supply from vendor to vendor or even from process node to process node inside of that vendor, and that's fairly disruptive. So I think in general, the customers like us, but they realize the journey we've been on and actually a lot of people have been on with all this disruption to the NAND supply. So having longer-term visibility and a more stable, predictable supply chain is key to growth in that area.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management.
William David Mosley - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks. I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their contributions to the March quarter, and we'll talk to everyone on the next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Mosley - Chief Executive Officer David Morton Jr. - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Kate Scolnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasurer
Analysts: Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs  Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Steven Fox - Cross Research Rob Cihra - Guggenheim Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal second quarter 2018 financial results conference call. My name is James and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today from Seagate’s executive team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We’ve posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our December 2017 quarter on our Investor Relations section of our site at Seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights for the December quarter, provide the company’s outlook for the March quarter, and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. We’ve received a lot of interest in our next strategic update and we will be finalizing a date shortly, most likely in the early fall time frame. In addition, we would like to note that our March quarter quiet period will begin on March 26. On our call today, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted; accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort.  As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company’s anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer and market demand, industry trends, technology and product development advancements, demand for our products, continuity of access to long-term NAND supply, consummation of the Bain Capital private equity transaction, our perspective of the cryptocurrency market, block chain technology, and assessment of our equity investment in Ripple, our ability to execute our road map and address supply constraints to generate shareholder value, the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements.  Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company’s website. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today’s earnings call, I will cover the high level trends we’re seeing in the business. Our CFO, Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the March quarter.  Beginning with our operational results for the December quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.9 billion, up 11% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 30.1% and a net income of $159 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.55 including a one-time provision for income taxes of $208 million related to tax reform.  On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 30.4%, net income of $431 million, up 5% year-over-year, and diluted earnings per share of $1.48, up 7% year-over-year.  HDD exabyte shipments for the December quarter were a record 87.5 exabytes, up 28% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was also a record - 2.2 terabytes per drive, up 29% year-over-year, and the average selling price per unit was $68, up 3% year-over-year. GAAP operating expenses were $440 million, down 15% year-over-year, and non-GAAP operating expenses were $390 million, also down 15% year-over-year.  Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $850 million, up 30% year-over-year, and free cash flow was $773 million, up 38% year-over-year. Achieving revenue and profitability growth and significant cash flow generation in the December quarter reflects Seagate’s strong execution and the competitiveness of our storage portfolio, particularly in cloud-based environments as average capacity per drive continues to grow rapidly. I’m very pleased with the traction we have gained with our mass storage solutions across the enterprise, edge and consumer markets.  In addition to the solid December quarter results, in January we announced that Seagate has entered into a long-term NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory. This agreement will provide continuity of NAND supply for our expanding product portfolio. We have matured our entire technology portfolio over the last several years and today we have a broad offering of flash-based products that are ready to scale and grow across multiple markets. Diversifying and expanding our competitive HDD mass storage portfolio with SSD and enterprise storage solutions will enable meaningful future revenue growth and profits over the next several years while providing significant value for our storage customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the future. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities. 
David Morton Jr.: Thanks Dave. For the December quarter, we achieved year-over-year revenue and profitability growth with record exabyte shipments of 87.5 exabytes and record average capacity per drive of 2.2 terabytes. For the enterprise HDD market, we shipped a record 37.4 exabytes with a record average capacity of 4.3 terabytes per drive. In the Nearline market, we shipped 35.1 exabytes and our average capacity per drive reached 5.9 terabytes per drive, up 31% over last year’s strong demand and up 75% from the December quarter two years ago. Overall, HDD revenue was up 2% year-over-year in the December quarter. The growth in hyperscale and cloud storage deployments continues to represent an important opportunity for Seagate, and we are confident in our Nearline HDD portfolio designed to serve these environments. Our 10Tb Nearline product was the leading enterprise revenue SKU in the December quarter. In addition, we achieved sequential volume and revenue growth in our 12Tb Nearline product as we continue to ramp for material revenue contribution in the March quarter. As Nearline capacity demand continues to grow, we expect continued opportunity for our mass storage portfolio that delivers multiple capacity points for different application workloads. Use cases will cause capacity points to span from 2 to 4Tb for certain applications and up to 16Tb for other customer needs. At Seagate, we believe we’re well poised to help our cloud customers with their stringent and diverse requirements. Looking ahead, cloud-based enterprise market demand continues to be strong and supply remains bid constrained. In the enterprise market, the long-term trajectory of growth and infrastructure spending in the large cloud service providers and hyperscale companies continues to have significant velocity. Critical to supporting the massive growth in data is our ability to continue to provide mass storage solutions that optimize areal density and have the greatest reliability, quality and total cost of ownership benefits. Seagate has demonstrated technology leadership with generations of storage technologies and products. Over the last five years, we’ve been the leader in areal density with our SMR and TDMR areal density solutions, and we continue to make progress towards the introduction of our heat-assisted magnetic recording, or HAMR technology, which will open up a rich space for high capacity and great value. We anticipate launching our HAMR portfolio in 2019 and the future investment costs are already contemplated in our existing operating expense and capital expenditure long-term model. In the edge and consumer verticals, we had a strong year-over-year exabyte growth in almost all end markets, including PC compute, consumer, surveillance, gaming, and NAS markets. Our 1Tb per platter 2.5 inch platform continues to perform well. Using our areal density advantage, our 2Tb per platter 3.5 inch platform continues to ramp for desktop markets, providing great value for customers needing a 2, 4 and 8Tb capacity points. In addition to positioning ourselves for growth in the silicon business, we continue to minimize our alignment with the 500 GB client consumer and mission-critical 15K hard drive markets as we believe these workloads will over time move to mobile, silicon cloud storage. In the December quarter, these products represented less than 8% of our total consolidated revenue. December quarter non-HDD revenue, primarily from the cloud systems and silicon group, was $213 million, down 12% year-over-year mostly due to the divesting of our high performance computing assets and OEM legacy system demand. Looking ahead, we continue to be bullish about our opportunities to leverage our long-term NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory Corporation for significant revenue growth and expanding margin contributions of our silicon product portfolio in SAS, SSD, and the PCIe, NVMe, and consumer and gaming markets. This value creation is above and beyond the base economics previously disclosed with our equity commitment letter for Seagate to invest up to $1.25 billion with the Bain-led consortium acquisition of the Toshiba Memory Corporation. We believe that our strategic approach to the participation in the silicon market allows us to address customer storage portfolio needs and provide for revenue growth opportunities in our business model without overhang from additional capital requirements and cyclical market exposure.  Operating expenses for the December quarter were $444 million on a GAAP basis and $390 million on a non-GAAP basis, down 15% year-over-year. We remain on track to exit the fiscal year with non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $375 million per quarter.  Capital expenditures were $77 million for the December quarter for supporting the continued ramp of our new highest capacity HDD products and maintenance capital. For the March quarter, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $120 million primarily for maintenance capital and some incremental capital to address the strong cloud market demand. We anticipate capital expenditures to remain less than 5% of our total consolidated revenue for FY18. Cash flow from operations in the December quarter was $850 million and free cash flow was $773 million. These results include approximately $34 million in cash payments related to previously announced restructuring charges. For the first half of the fiscal year, we have generated nearly $1.1 billion in cash flow from operations, including $80 million in cash payments against restructuring charges, and nearly $900 million in free cash flow.  Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the December quarter with $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and 285 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the December quarter, which will be payable on April 4 of 2018. Interest expense for the December quarter was $61 million. Our debt structure and levels of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. In the December quarter, we deployed $130 million towards redeeming our November 2018 senior notes. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio continues to trend down and is 1.1 times as of the December quarter. As Dave Mosley mentioned, in the December quarter we made a one-time provision for income tax adjustment of $208 million related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Specifically, the company recorded a one-time reduction of $208 million to earnings due to the re-measurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets at the lower enacted 21% corporate tax rate, which has no cash impact. The deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings and profits to be taxed at 15.5% for liquid assets and 8% for non-liquid assets is not impactful for Seagate because our U.S. corporation has no un-repatriated earnings. The interest expense of this allowance impact will be minor since Seagate does not have significant long-term debt held in the U.S. We believe that the impact of the international provisions, including the global intangible low taxed income provision and the foreign derived intangible income, and the base erosion anti-avoidance tax will be minimal to Seagate.  In summary, Seagate has evaluated the impact of the most significant provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We do not expect the tax act to materially impact Seagate’s effective tax rate going forward.  As we consider future use cases for storage growth, we invest in companies that align to our long-term thesis of exponential data growth in new verticals, some of which are outlined in the Data Age 2025 report with IDC. A few years ago, we made an investment in Ripple, a company driving technology innovation for distributed ledger and block chain use cases. We believe the proliferation of these companies will create tremendous amounts of data, require high levels of data integrity, and will alleviate friction in global financial operations and other important use cases that require the transfer of value with improved agility and transparency. While recent attention is on the valuation of the XRP crypto assets, we believe Ripple has a real and robust block chain technology platform, a defined and validated use case for XRP, and a leading management team. Overall, our operational and financial performance in the December quarter reflects execution of our business model and profitability improvement objectives. Looking ahead, we will continue to optimize our business and focus on aligning our go-to-market and product portfolio advancements towards the future growth opportunity markets.  I would now like to turn the call back to Dave Mosley.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Dave. The Seagate team has focused for the past two years on reducing our operational footprint and reshaping our cost structure to address the current demand environment. Our supply chain from suppliers to factories to sales and fulfillment are now entirely focused on agility and flexibility for our customers. I’m proud of the team for completing our significant restructuring plans, and while we will always have cost reduction efforts, we are well positioned to shift our focus as a company to capturing new market opportunities and achieving sustainable revenue growth and profitability.  Turning to our market outlook, we remain conservatively optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment as well as spending trends for cloud-based environments. On the heels of the various IT component supply constraints we witnessed over the last year or so, we’re continuing to monitor outgoing inventory closely. From Seagate’s vantage point, our channel inventory positions and inventory for our customers that are visible to us are, in general, lower than last year. For the March quarter, we anticipate year-over-year exabyte growth with continued strong demand in cloud storage as supply remains tight in our highest capacity solutions. For the other markets we serve, we anticipate normal sequential seasonal demand declines. As a result of the strong cloud demand and seasonality in our other markets, we expect total revenues to be down 5 to 7% sequentially from the December quarter. This represents lower sequential revenue declines than the last few years and year-over-year revenue growth for Seagate. We expect gross margins to be sequentially in line with the December quarter’s gross margins and continue to be within our 29% to 33% long-term range. Non-GAAP operating expenses will be down sequentially 2% to 3% with further cost containment measures as we continue to manage our operating expenses tightly, targeting approximately $375 million per quarter by the end of fiscal ’18. In summary, I’d like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our quarter’s results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we’ll now open up the call for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you, good morning. There was a really nice ramp in gross margin sequentially, but you’re still down year-on-year. Can you talk about what some of the headwinds are that are keeping you from getting back up into that 32, 33% range that you were a year ago, given how strong cloud is, and is it realistic to think that you can get there over the next three, four quarters? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Hi Katy. I think I’d characterize it more as flat year-over-year, but to your point, are there opportunities to move higher, yes, there are if the demand picture continues to improve like we saw it do so last quarter. I would say that there are some markets, and in particular we called out the enterprise solutions, some of the non-HDD assets that we’re still continuing to pare, so that’s work that we have to do that may have been a slight drag, and I think we can fix that over time. But I think there are opportunities if we see the demand picture continue.
Katy Huberty: Can you just comment quickly on how you see free cash flow for the year? If I look historical first half versus second half seasonality, that would put you around $1.5 billion; but working capital was really good in December, so do you think you can get higher than that for the full year?
Dave Mosley: I’ll let Dave answer that.
David Morton Jr.: Yes, hi Katy. Yes, we’ve been confident on some of our previous comments that we thought cash flow from operations would be $2 billion to $2.5 billion, so I still think we’re well within that scope. Clearly when you see strong linearity and strong velocity on the results, you’ll see that end up in our working capital, so I think there’s a lot of confidence going into the back half of the year.
Katy Huberty: Great, thank you. Congrats on the quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, and thanks very much for the opportunity to ask a question. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on the NAND opportunity now that you have the deal in place with Toshiba Memory. Can you give us a sense of what type of scale that may be for Toshiba, either in terms of the number of bits you may be able to procure, the potential revenue you could translate that into, and is it a market minus or cost-plus? Then what sort of go-forward that may look like longer term, do your bits scale proportionally with Toshiba’s or does Toshiba maybe--excuse me, does Seagate maybe get an increased mix of Toshiba’s bits as Toshiba adds new factories?
Dave Mosley: I think the quick answer is no, I won’t go into any of those details. What I will tell you is we have a fairly broad portfolio with which to play the hand, so we have all the way from enterprise, even into consumer devices that we can use. We’re developing those right now and we’re trying to intercept not only the Toshiba NAND but all the NAND supply that we can get, and we believe that this is a good chance for us to grow, but we haven’t really quantified it yet and we won’t for a while, until the deal is finally done.
Mark Delaney: Okay. My follow-up question is on market share in the high capacity hard drive market. Clearly Seagate is demonstrating improved momentum, which we saw in the results this quarter. You had your main competitor, WD talk about trying to come into more of the mid-range market, where I know Seagate has been particularly strong and you’ve got Toshiba with its first 14Tb drive that it’s announced, so maybe you can just help us understand how you think about market share and economics in the cloud market this year.
Dave Mosley: Let’s see. I like our portfolio. There is a lot of times where people tend to fixate on one product versus another. We have a fairly strong product offering across many, and so therefore when we can satisfy customers who are fairly diverse in their requirements, we’ll do well.  I think as we’ve talked about before, we’ve been moving away from some of the lower capacity points over the past year, and that has served us well as well. From a competitiveness standpoint, all I would say is that from our portfolio perspective, we’re leading in areal density so we have a lot of flexibility in how to play those components into the various markets.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum. Your line is open.
Christian Schwab: Congratulations guys on a great start. A follow-up on the enterprise - your largest competitor was extremely excited about exabyte growth for 2018 and the first half of the year. Are you seeing the same type of order enthusiasm?
Dave Mosley: Yes, as are we. I would say when you compare it to last year, cloud growth was almost non-existent last year. Exabyte growth was almost non-existent in some of the quarters last year. I think we ran three quarters in a row with a fairly flat demand profile. If you go back historically over the last five years, it’s been 35%, so to your point, to go from zero percent over three quarters, there is going to be some backlash, higher than 35% for a while, and we are seeing that demand in calendar ’18. When it ends, don’t know at this point, but right now to the point, we’re bit constrained as we’ve said for the last few weeks, and we’ll continue to chase it.
Christian Schwab: Great. Then as you guys have successfully reshaped your cost structure as well as enhancing your product portfolio with the soon to be addition of NAND, how do you guys view your dividend strategy? I know you guys have outlined what percentage of revenue you want to return, but given that cash flow is maybe well above what a lot of investors may have thought it would have been, as far as capital allocation - you know, you paid off some debt, but should we be thinking with further stability of this type of cash flow, plus or minus, that a dividend increase is logical at some point? 
Dave Mosley: Let’s see - logical is an interesting question. What I would say is a year ago when we were being asked the question in a different way, we remained committed to it, so we remain committed to returning value to shareholders via these mechanisms right now. I really don’t want to get into the forward-looking pieces of this because as we’ve seen, the market can be fairly volatile. I think we’re happy with where we are right now.
Christian Schwab: Great. No other questions, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I understand that you don’t want to get into how you might be receiving bits from the Toshiba relationship, but could you talk about your own product launches on SSCs, maybe when we could start to see more meaningful commercialization into the rest of the calendar year? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Dave Mosley: There are products in qualification right now across NVMe, multiple flavors of NVMe, SAS, refresh to the SAS portfolio, and also SATA products, even consumer products. So specifically which product, what capacity points, it’s a fairly diverse offering, and I think this is reflecting the same thing that’s going on in those markets. So we’re fairly happy with it competitively and I think that’s why we think that both on brand strength and customer service we’ll be able to get some revenue growth with the bits all come online, when we intercept all that flash supply and get the technology integrated.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Then just as a quick follow-up, it sounds like you’re not adding a lot of capacity to meet some of these constraints that you mentioned, so would we expect to see some more of your own internal bit production shift towards high-end capacity products, or would you continue to have the same mix the rest of the calendar year?
Dave Mosley: I look at it a little bit differently. We’ve taken factory footprints down, and as we did that, we had to actually move and build some buildings and things like that, so even the capital that we talked about, 4 to 6% of the range, we’ll start applying some of that capital to bit growth if you want to look at it that way. We’re really pleased with the way that average capacity per drive is moving north, and we’re going to have the capital there to achieve that kind of growth. Yields are something we continue to work. We’ve had a lot of focus obviously in the factories on moving things in the last two years as we did this restructuring, but now we can just focus wholeheartedly on improving our yields and getting after better equipment utilization and things like that, now that we have the footprint.
Steven Fox: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Cihra with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Rob Cihra: Hi, thank you very much. Just wanted to dig into cloud demand a little more. You’re clearly benefiting from cloud capex and you guys have laid out long-term capacity demand growth that you see as strong, but if you look at that market, it has been choppy historically, so can you tell us how you get visibility over the next couple quarters, and if there’s anything you can do to sort of smooth that out or are you just always going to be at the mercy of a smaller group of customers? Thanks very much.
Dave Mosley: Right. That’s interesting. I think there have been what we call digestion cycles in the past, where large cloud service providers would buy in big tranches and then they would digest for a while, which means they buy less relatively. I think we’re starting to see more diversification, especially in this last cycle, and it may have been magnified by some of the component supply - other components, not hard drives, component supply issues that happened last year. But right now, we see a very, very healthy diverse market geographically by capacity points, by application space, which the cloud isn’t all about one application space, as people know, there are many different [indiscernible]. So to your point, helping with that, addressing all those different customers with all their diverse needs is going to help us get better visibility, I think.
Rob Cihra: Thanks again. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, good morning guys. Appreciate the questions. Just two real quick ones - the first is going back to gross margin, Dave, and the impact from the system business that you’re paring off. How far through that paring do you believe that you are, and how material over time can that impact be to gross margin? I guess back of the envelope, going through the file, I sort of calculated that maybe it was as much as 100 basis point headwind - I don’t know if that’s accurate, but that was just my calculation. Then just real quickly, I’ll squeak this one in, has the tightness from cloud demand have you guys begin to engage yet in supply agreements with key customers? Thanks a lot.
Dave Mosley: Hi Ananda. On the first point - gosh, if we start by looking at all the different customers we serve, there are some markets where we were competing with people who didn’t necessarily control the core componentry like we do but they build really cheap, and there is a lot of disruption going on in the market - I don’t need to tell you guys that. There is a lot of complexity in the market as well, so people can move from solution to solution very quickly. I don’t think that’s going to be in our bailiwick.  I do think that longer term, it’s important that Seagate is able to add value above and beyond the drive at the system level, if you will, and part of the reason for that is we have to do it anyway when we integrate into customers’ chassis and so on. I think as you see some of those markets stabilize a little bit, less complexity, it’ll be more obvious as to what we should do and which customers ultimately we’re building for, and so it’s been a churn for us. I think it’s going on in other places in the industry as well. Relative to how far are we through that, I can’t really tell, but I do think it started five or more years ago and it’s not over yet. We’re going to do the smart thing. We believe that long term it’s important that Seagate maintains this kind of ability to understand and add value above the drives. On the second part, I think your question was tightness in the market for enterprise drives, and it’s really back to the question I think Rob asked, which was long-term visibility, does that give you better visibility. I think it does. Most of the scale players as they sense these kind of problems are actually talking to us quite a bit about longer term visibility and making sure that our supply chain is properly architected to address their needs. You know, hopefully that helps the demand picture, as I answered Rob too.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Dave Mosley: Good. With that, thanks everyone. I’d really like to thank our customers, employees, and suppliers and business partners for their help this last quarter, and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - IR Dave Mosley - President & COO Dave Morton - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Edward Parker - BTIG Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Ananda Baruah - Loop Capital Rob Cihra - Guggenheim Partners C. J. Muse - Evercore Group
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Financial First Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Vinyl, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Dave Mosley, Chief Executive Officer and Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer\. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our September quarter 2017 on our Investor Relations site at Seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the September quarter, provide the company's outlook for the December quarter and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. We recognize there is a lot of interest in learning more about Thank you. Seagate's strategic initiatives in the silicon memory market and a deeper understanding of our technology portfolio roadmap including our advanced work in areal density improvements with heat assisted magnetic recording. We've a few high level prepared remarks. However, the focus of our call today will be September results and we look forward to planning a strategic update for investors sometime in early 2018. On our call today, we'll refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements, demand for our products, access to long term NAND supplies, consummation of the bank capital private equity transactions and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley. Please go ahead, Dave.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Kate. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today's earning call, I'll cover the high-level trends we're seeing in the business, our CFO Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights and I'll close the call with our outlook for the December quarter. Beginning with our operational results for the September quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of approximately $2.6 billion, GAAP gross margins of 28%, net income of $181 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.62. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 29%, net income of $279 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.96. HDD exabyte shipments for the September quarter were a record 70.3 exabytes, up 5% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was also a record, 1.9 terabytes per drive, and the average selling price per unit was $64. GAAP operating expenses were $481 million, down 17% year-over-year and non-GAAP operating expenses were $408 million, down 14% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $237 million and free cash flow was $113 million. At the end of September, Seagate announced our participation in this consortium led by Bain Capital Private Equity that has entered into an agreement with Toshiba Corporation to acquire Toshiba Memory Corporation. We are pleased to be part of the consortium and to help facilitate maintaining Toshiba Memory as a world-leading, independent NAND technology company. Over the course of many years, Seagate's developed a long-term relationship with Toshiba Memory, and we have always been impressed with their consistent leadership in advancing NAND technology. We believe that Bain Capital is dedicated to the long-term success of Toshiba Memory, and this acquisition is in the long-term best interest of our industry and the storage customers worldwide. In addition, we expect to enter into a long-term NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory, and that will provide continuity of raw NAND for our expanding product portfolio. We have developed our NAND storage technology portfolio over the last several years and today, we have a broad offering of flash-based products that are ready to scale and grow across multiple markets. Our NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory will enable Seagate to continue innovating and providing customers with storage solutions that fit their needs, be it HDDs, SSDs or hybrid solutions. This agreement has the opportunity to increase the potential for meaningful future revenue growth from Seagate's NAND storage portfolio while providing significant value for our storage customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the future; however, we will not be providing further color on the details of the transaction until we are closer to the deal closure. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities.
Dave Morton: Thanks, Dave. For the September quarter, we achieved $2.6 billion in revenue and shipped a record 70.3 exabytes of storage, with an average capacity per drive of 1.9 terabytes, also a record. For the enterprise HDD market, we shipped 27.2 exabytes, with a record average capacity of 3.9 terabytes per drive. Our average capacity per drive for our nearline products reached over 5.4 terabytes per drive, up 17% over last year's strong ATB demand and up 75% from the September quarter two years ago. The growth in hyperscale and cloud storage deployments continues to represent an important opportunity for Seagate, and we are confident in our nearline HDD portfolio designed to serve these environments. Over the next 12 months to 18 months, we expect a diverse and strong market with multiple capacity points for different application workloads. Use cases will cause capacity points to span from two terabytes to four terabytes for certain applications and up to 16 terabytes for other customer needs. At Seagate, we believe we are well poised to help our cloud customers with our stringent and varied requirements. Our 10-terabyte helium nearline product was our leading enterprise revenue SKU in the September quarter, and we shipped over 1 million 10 terabyte units, up threefold from the June quarter. We also achieved sequential volume and revenue growth in our 12-terabyte helium nearline product in the September quarter. Customer feedback has been excellent and we are confident in our competitiveness across our key customer qualification processes. For the December quarter, we are planning for significant sequential volume and revenue growth for our 10-terabyte and our 12-terabyte helium products as the market adoption grows. In the edge and consumer verticals, our 1-terabyte per platter, 2.5-inch platform continues to perform well. Using our areal density advantage, our 2-terabyte per platter, 3.5-inch platform continues to ramp for desktop markets, providing a great value for customers needing 2-terabyte, 4-terabyte and 8-terabyte capacity points. Customer feedback indicates we are well ahead of the competition in these important verticals. Within this, notebook compute revenue was up 37% year-over-year, with exabytes up 75% year-over-year. Average capacity per notebook compute drive -- year-over-year. Our gaming business revenue grew sequentially 13% and average capacity per drive was up 27% over last year. We continue to be selective in our participation in this market, and we are focused on the highest capacity areas for the gaming customers that are demanding more local mass storage for their rich gaming experiences. Our non-HDD revenue, primarily from our cloud systems and silicon group, in the September quarter was 242 million, up 30% quarter-over-quarter and up 17% year-over-year. Our operating expenses for the September quarter were 481 million on a GAAP basis and 408 million on a non-GAAP basis, down 14% year-over-year. Total operating expenses were slightly lower than forecast, primarily due to restructuring and other cost-containment measures. We continue to identify areas for cost improvements, and during the September quarter, we divested the majority of our high-performance computing assets, which will result in a cost savings of approximately 20 million a year and impact revenues by approximately 50 million per year in our non-HDD revenue. We remain on track to exit the calendar year with non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately 400 million per quarter. Capital expenditures were 124 million for the September quarter for maintenance capital and manufacturing footprint redeployment, supporting the continued ramp of our new HDD products in our portfolio, which utilize new tooling and equipment. For December quarter, we expect capital expenditures to decrease sequentially and remain less than 5% of our total consolidated revenue for FY 2018. Cash flow from operations in the September quarter was 237 million, and free cash flow was 113 million. These results include approximately 46 million in cash payments related to previously announced restructuring charges and some inventory staging related to a strong October demand signals. For the December quarter, we anticipate cash flow from operations to be at least two times more than the September quarter due to working capital improvements in our business outlook. Our balance sheet remains heavy – healthy, and we ended the September quarter with 2.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents, with 289 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the September quarter, which will be payable on January 3, 2018. Interest expense for the September quarter was 61 million. Our debt structure and level of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities, given our staggered maturities and low interest rates. In the September quarter, we deployed 166 million to redeem 5 million shares and 22 million towards redeeming our 2018 senior notes. As Dave Mosley noted, at the end of September, we announced our participation in the consortium led by Bain Capital Private Equity that has entered into an agreement with Toshiba Corporation to acquire Toshiba Memory Corporation. We committed to provide up to $1.25 billion in financing to support the acquisition. Upon closing, we would expect to fund the transaction with existing cash balances and some short-term financing mechanisms, including the long-term NAND supply agreements we expect to enter with Toshiba Memory, we anticipate this transaction to be accretive to our earnings. Overall, our operational and financial performance in the September quarter reflects execution of our business model and profitability improvement objectives. Looking ahead, we will continue to optimize our business and focus on aligning our go-to-market and product portfolio advancements towards the future growth opportunity markets. I would now like to turn the call back to Dave Mosley. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Dave. The long-term trajectory of growth and infrastructure spending in the large cloud service providers and hyperscale companies appear intact, as they continue to demonstrate and increase their service offerings and exhibit significant business momentum. Critical to supporting the massive growth in data is our ability to continue to provide mass storage solutions that optimize areal density and have the greatest reliability, quality and total cost of ownership benefits. Seagate has demonstrated technology leadership with generations of storage technologies and products. Over the last five years, we have been the leader in areal density with our SMR and TDMR areal density solutions, and we continue to make progress towards the introduction of our heat-assisted magnetic recording, or HAMR, technology portfolio, which is expected to be shipping in volume in 2019. Over the past year, we have been ramping production of our HAMR evaluation drives, and we have shared samples of current generation shipping product with HAMR technology substituted in these devices. Early customer feedback from more than six months ago, using standard qualification processes, demonstrates that the technology will not require any changes for customers to adopt. We believe that HAMR technology opens up a rich design space for high capacity and great value, and we've been communicating that with customers for some months now. In terms of future investment in order to launch our HAMR portfolio, the costs are already contemplated in our existing operating expense and capital expenditure long-term model. While we don't have time today, I personally am looking forward to discussing more about HDD areal density and future technology development at our next strategic update that Kate mentioned earlier. Turning to our market outlook. With major transformative shifts taking place in the storage marketplace from client server to mobile cloud, high-capacity mass storage deployments continue to represent significant opportunity for Seagate. We remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment as well as enterprise and consumer spending trends. On the heels of the various IT component supply constraints, we witnessed in late calendar 2016 and early 2017. We are continuing to monitor outgoing inventory closely. From Seagate's vantage point, our channel inventory positions and inventory for our customers that are visible to us are, in general, lower than last year. Sell-through appears reasonable. For the December quarter, we anticipate strong exabyte growth with the CSP ecosystem, normal seasonal demand for our other major markets, including PCs in the consumer market and sequential growth in our Cloud Systems and silicon businesses. Almost all of our vertical markets are now engaged in exabyte growth again compared to the first half of the calendar year. Given this demand environment, for the December quarter, we expect to achieve revenues up approximately 3% to 5% sequentially from the September quarter. This is consistent to slightly better than the sequential growth we saw at this time last year. Gross margins to expand slightly sequentially and within our 29% to 33% long-term range; non-GAAP operating expenses down sequentially 2% to 3%, with further cost containment measures, as we continue to manage our operating expenses tightly, targeting approximately $375 million per quarter by the end of fiscal 2018; and cash flow from operations to be up significantly sequentially, with improvements in working capital and less restructuring costs. In summary, I'd like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our quarter's results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we'll now open up the call for questions-and-answers. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Edward Parker from BTIG. Your line is open.
Edward Parker: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about your exabyte ships. And it looks like the growth in the quarter was mostly from non-nearline, and so nearline has actually been down year-over-year for the past couple of quarters. So, I recognize it's a really tough comp from last year, but I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more specifically as to what you're seeing in that segment, what you're hearing from your customers and what type of exabyte growth you would expect over the next 12 to 18 months? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Edward. Yes, it is a pretty tough comp year-over-year. I think, if I think about 2016, calendar 2016, we were strong from March through November in all markets geographically. So CSPs were strong, and we saw strength in some of the more nascent cloud spaces. We believe that the various component supply issues that existed and pricing of those components and so on actually caused a little bit of an overbuy and some further disruption in the supply chain, which we've talked about. And so, some of the markets, not necessarily all the CSPs, but some of the markets, were impacted in early 2017. And I would say, at this point, all the way through July, we were still seeing that impact. August and September started to turn back on, which resulted in some of the growth that we saw in the quarter. But to your point, it's not back to the level it was before, although it appears to be coming back. What we hear inside of the data centers is that the exabyte growth is still high, so the bit growth is still high. That's irrespective of whether you're talking to large-scale CSPs or some of the smaller cloud players who still have yet to build out the scale. But people couldn't exactly stretch for all those solutions. And now it looks like now they figured out architecturally how they're going to respond to the new cost structures or maybe they had supply -- other supply chain issues that would cause them to -- some of their suppliers to not want to build for them for a while. I think we're through most of that, and I think we're seeing the world starting to turn on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good morning. I just want to follow-up on the enterprise segment. While there is a tough compare, exabytes did recover sequentially and the decline was less year-on-year. But you're seeing more aggressive pricing, both sequentially and year-on-year. So, can you just talk about how much of that is mix shift to cloud versus more aggressive pricing in the market? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Right, Katy, I'd say that there is mix shift going on. I'll let Dave talk about the pricing.
Dave Morton: Yes, I would classify any pricing you may see as more of a normal mix shift versus a like-for-like across consistent customers within that same channel. Pricing has been relatively benign. And so, to your point, as the exabytes continue to expand in this data rich area, pricing has not been a major factor across all of our nearline portfolio.
Dave Mosley: Right. Year-over-year, last year, we were talking about 8 terabytes. Now we're talking about 10s and 12s at the high-end. But especially back to Edward's question, the 4s and 8s now, even 2s, are very relevant in some applications in some of the smaller cloud players. So...
Katy Huberty: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open.
Christian Schwab: Great. Thanks for taking my call great quarter. Can you -- as we talk about the cloud and the hyperscale and the increased offerings, which we're hearing about as well, do you have any changes in outlook for exabyte growth over the next three years versus what you previously thought?
Dave Mosley: I'd say, great question, Christian. The exabyte growth, as both the previous people have asked the question about, has been rather muted this last year if you look at it in aggregate. And some of that's driven by the cloud, some of it is driven by other dynamics. Long term, we think data's growing at 30% to 35%. We've been talking about that fairly openly, but the fact that we're off to a trend this year, means that we'll get back on the trend in the future. Now how fast does it come back, some of that depends on the architectural nuance that I referred to earlier. Are people truly on to further architectures that they can deploy? Or do they still have parts in the system? And what's going on with their specific applications? I actually think we're going into fairly healthy period of the growth that gets us back on to the trend line, and that's what's something we're trying to respond to. We can do it with higher and higher capacity drives because we have areal density to solution it.
Christian Schwab: Great. And then just one quick follow-up, just as far as you look at your solid state drive business and the broadening portfolio, obviously, with the long-term supply NAND agreement with the technology leader, are you guys prepared to give any expectations of how big that business could be in three to five years?
Dave Mosley: Not yet because, I think, to our points on the script, which I don't want to go into more detail on, I think it depends on exactly the natures of the deal. I will say that the work that we've been doing with customers means we have a lot of options. There are customers who really like our solutions. I think our portfolio is a little too varied , actually, right now, too many interfaces and different solutions for our customers. I think we're going to have to make sure we pick and choose exactly which ones that we want to scale, but I think we have a lot of options.
Christian Schwab: Great. I don't have any other questions. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi, thanks guys. And congrats for a solid quarter. I would love to just get your take on, I guess, the conviction and then what would be the levers to get the growth margin over time to move back to, say, the midpoint of your range? And then just I'll just make another one in there, too. Your share count, you continue to move it down. Is that opportunistic buying at these levels or should we think about a return to sort of share count to $250 million philosophy? Thanks, on both of this.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think, from the margin perspective, to see exabyte growth go back, to Christian's question, I think that's the most relevant point. Obviously, 2017 or early 2017 was rather muted on exabyte growth. We think it'll come back. And on the share count, I'll let Dave answer. 
Dave Morton: Yes, the share count, it's back within overall capital allocation, the system that we've been working at over returning over 30% to 50% of our cash flow back to shareholders. And so, obviously, we've been fairly muted on our buybacks, which has been more a reflection of a NII dilution perspective. But we're still very convicted in and around the 30% to 50%. And as we continue to see strength in our cash flows, obviously, we'll continue to be in the open-market.
Ananda Baruah: Awesome. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Rob Cihra: Hi, thanks very much. Two quick, if I could. On the enterprise, with mission-critical, I know it's been sort of declining for a while, but the exabyte shipment growth actually looks like -- or declines, I guess, picked up, looks like kind of declining with the low double digits. Is that now, do you think, the pace or do you think you can get that's more of us to a flattish exabyte business? And then, I think, just quickly on cost cuts, OpEx coming down nicely. Is that -- are you still sort of cutting capacity and pruning portfolio or is it just more keeping OpEx percentage of revenue discretionary-type cuts? Thanks. 
Dave Mosley: So, I'll start with the enterprise side, mission-critical in particular. This market was one of the most impacted earlier in the year by some of the changes in build material pricings. To your point, we do see a mix up in there. Some of the lowest-capacity drives that we sell are on the order of 300 gigabytes. Those are impacted because some of those architectures are changing quickly. Mission-critical is actually a very rich, diverse space. There's not -- it's not a one-size-fits-all solution. And we do see mix up to 1.2 and 2.4-terabyte type drives. And we think that, that'll have a long tail for especially for a lot of those workload-intensive applications that need that value. So, I don't think you're going to see significant exabyte growth, but you will see that mix in the longer tail. And then on the OpEx question, I'll hand it over to Dave. 
Dave Morton: In the OpEx, it's been too hard. We still have, I'll call it, some curtailing specifically in the portfolio when you look at some of our adjacent businesses. But then we also have just common items that we've been still trying to drive towards the lowest common denominator. So, we're still very much convicted on achieving the $375 million by the end of FY 2018, and I believe we're on a very good glide path to enable that.
Rob Cihra: Great. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Good, I think we have time for one more.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C. J. Muse: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for fitting me in. I guess a follow-up question on the nearline side. Clearly, you had a difficult comp from a year ago. But if I look at your outlook for calendar '17 in its entirety, it looks like that business is growing low to mid-single digits on an exabyte basis. Curious if you could kind of walk through what your outlook is from here? And then second part of the question, on the enterprise side, as you look at Intel and the launch of Skylight, can you talk about how you see that core enterprise piece of the business flowing through from here? Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks CJ. I think we've talked about it quite a bit on the call. With the issues that there were earlier, that's why the year-over-year compare is pretty tough on the nearline space, with now higher capacity drives and ramping in the market and some of the markets, especially geographically turning on, some of the smaller cloud providers now seeing the architectures that they want to go invest in. We think that there will be substantial nearline growth into next year. Now, obviously, our job is to turn that into orders as quickly as we possibly can, and we're out pursuing strategic agreements to go do that because these are large investments that these companies are going to have to make. But I do think that calendar year '18 will be better than calendar year '17 was from an exabyte perspective. On the Skylight question, it's kind of interesting because we look back ourselves at some of these Intel transitions and said, what does that typically mean for our industry? And when do things latch? This one's very different because, I think, the nature of the interface and performance and so on are actually pretty exciting for the entire enterprise space. Typically, it doesn't latch very quickly. But typically, it does move to a different value proposition overtime, and that's consistent with the mix-up discussions that we had in mission-critical. We believe that some of the lower capacity points will be flushed from the system and will mix up to higher capacity points and mission-critical as we look towards the future, that market, it's not a big market but the mix will be high, so.
Dave Mosley: Okay. I would like to thank all of our customers, suppliers, employees for all their hard work on this quarter and all their partnership. It's been a very good back half of the year coming. In July, when last time we spoke to investors, things were pretty tough with the slow Q4. It's good to see August and September turning on, and we look forward to talking to you on the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc
Analysts: Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Vince, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call we are hosting from Dublin, Ireland. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Dave Mosley, President and Chief Operating Officer. We've posted our earnings press release and detailed supplemental information for our June quarter and year-end fiscal 2017 on our Investor Relations site at Seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the June quarter and fiscal year 2017 and provide the company's outlook for the September quarter and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour. And we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. We will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures on this call. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For today's earnings call I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business. And Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights. And I will close the call with our outlook for the September quarter. Before I begin my operational comments, I would like to discuss our announcement today of Seagate's CEO succession plan. Today, Seagate's Board of Directors voted unanimously in favor of my transition to Executive Chairman of Seagate and appointed Dave Mosley as Chief Executive Officer. Dave and I will assume our new roles effective October 1, at which time I will shift my focus primarily to strategic growth initiatives and other opportunities designed to enhance shareholder value for the company. Dave has also been appointed to the Seagate's Board of Directors effective immediately. Over the last two years the board and I have been focused on executive management succession. In addition to Dave's appointment, Dave Morton transitioned to CFO 18 months ago. And recently we have appointed Jim Murphy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing; Kate Schuelke as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary; and Ravi Naik as our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. In addition, as part of the restructuring actions taken over the last 12 months to optimize our global manufacturing and development center investments, we have also aligned all of our manufacturing operations under Senior Vice President of Operations, Jeff Nygaard. And we have reorganized our R&D functions to meet the evolving storage marketplace requirements. The board and I believe we have the right management team and organizational structure in place to execute Seagate's business strategy, capitalize on opportunities in the storage marketplace, and continue to create long term shareholder value. It's been an honor and a privilege for me to serve as Seagate's CEO in 16 of the last 20 years. I'm grateful to our amazing employees, customers, suppliers, and shareholders. And I look forward to working closely with the management team on our future opportunities in my new role as Executive Chairman at Seagate. Turning to our operational results. The overall macro environment continues to exhibit stability. And we believe this will continue through the rest of the calendar year and well into 2018. We remain cautiously optimistic that this should translate to moderate IT spending growth. In the context of the storage marketplace the major transformative shifts from a client server to mobile cloud high capacity mass storage deployments continue to represent significant opportunity for Seagate. The long term trajectory of growth in infrastructure spending for the large cloud service providers and hyperscale companies remains intact, as they continue to increase their service offerings and demonstrate significant business momentum. At the same time, the more mature enterprise storage technologies remain a large percentage of the overall IT storage market and can exhibit variance beyond seasonal patterns as the structural shift to a wide variety of IT and cloud service providers accelerates. In addition, the end-to-end storage supply chain is continuing to experience price increases by as much as 2 times to 3 times in the memory markets. The effect of this significant price increase is evidenced by some near time enterprise customer demand softness, which we believe will be resolved over the next several quarters. For the June quarter Seagate achieved revenues of approximately $2.4 billion, GAAP gross margins of 27.7%, net income of $114 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.38. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 28.9%, up 310 basis points year over year, net income of $192 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.65. HDD exabyte shipments for the June quarter were 62 exabytes. Average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was approximately 1.8 terabytes per drive. And ASPs per unit were $64. We saw strength in the quarter from our largest nearline U.S. based CSP customers and relative seasonal demand in the compute and branded markets. Offsetting this was weakness in our enterprise storage customers, including traditional OEM nearline and mission critical demand, China CSP nearline demand, and our own Cloud Storage Systems business. In addition, there was weakness in the surveillance and NAS markets due to some intraquarter channel inventory management. As a result, our overall revenue results were approximately 5% below plan, with approximately half of that shortfall from our Cloud Storage Systems and half from HDD enterprise weakness and channel inventory management. We believe some of these factors, particularly China CSP demand and NAS and surveillance market demand, are temporal and supply chain related, while some of the OEM revenue declines are more structural. Our non-GAAP margin results of 28.9% were approximately 210 basis points below our guidance. Within this, approximately two-thirds of the impact was due to operational trends issues in our CSSG business and approximately one-third was due to lower than expected enterprise and surveillance HDD portfolio mix. GAAP operating expenses were $470 million, down 16% year over year. And non-GAAP operating expenses were $422 million, down 5% year over year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $243 million. And free cash flow was $139 million, up 13% year over year. While we were disappointed to not meet our top-line targets in the June quarter, Seagate effectively achieved our operating margin and gross margin profitability targets for fiscal year 2017. For the year, diluted earnings per share grew 215% on a GAAP basis and 82% on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, for fiscal year 2017 we generated $1.9 billion in cash flow from operations and returned 53% of that to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. In summary, I'm pleased with the operational improvements we made in fiscal year 2017. And we are well positioned for the markets that are being served by our products and systems. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more details on our operational activities.
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Steve. For the June quarter we achieved $2.4 billion in revenue and shipped 62 exabytes of storage, with an average capacity per drive of 1.8 terabytes. For the enterprise market we shipped 23.5 exabytes, with an average capacity per drive of 3.4 terabytes. Our average capacity per drive for our nearline products has reached over 4.8 terabytes per drive, up 8% over last year's strong 8-terabyte sales quarter and up 60% from the June quarter two years ago. We continue to ramp our 10TB nearline product and shipped approximately 300,000 units in the June quarter. Our sales for this capacity point have almost doubled over the last two quarters. And we expect to ship approximately 1 million 10TB units in the September quarter. In addition, our 12TB product shipped for revenue in the June quarter with excellent customer feedback. And we are confident our qualification process is competitive. We expect to achieve approximately 50% of the exabyte share within the 10TB and 12TB market by the end of the calendar year. The growth in hyperscale and cloud storage deployment continue to represent a significant opportunity for Seagate. And we are confident in our nearline HDD portfolio designed to serve these storage environments. Over the next 12 months to 18 months, we expect the nearline market to be diversified in capacity points for different application workloads with use cases from 2TB to 4TB products for certain applications and up to 16 terabyte for other use cases. In the client and retail markets our 1TB per platter, 2.5-inch platform continues to perform well. And to date, we have shipped over 45 million drives, substantially ahead of the competition. Using similar technology, our 2TB per platter, 3.5-inch platform began ramping last quarter for desktop markets, providing great value for customers needing 2TB, 4TB, and 8TB client capacity points. Customer feedback indicates we are well ahead of the competition. Operating expenses for the June quarter were $470 million on a GAAP basis and $422 million on a non-GAAP basis, down 5% year over year. Total consolidated expenses were slightly lower than forecast, primarily due to lower variable compensation. We continued to identify areas for cost improvements. And this morning we filed a restructuring plan that will provide savings of approximately $90 million annually. These cost actions provide support of our objective to exit the calendar year with non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $400 million per quarter. In addition to these actions, we will continue to manage our operating expenses tightly, targeting approximately $375 million per quarter by the end of FY 2018. Capital expenditures were $104 million for the June quarter for maintenance capital and manufacturing footprint redeployment, supporting the continued ramp of new HDD products in our portfolio that utilize new tooling and equipment. Cash flow from operations in the June quarter was $243 million. And free cash flow was $139 million. These results include approximately $50 million in cash payments related to previously announced restructuring charges. Our balance sheet remains healthy. And we ended the June quarter with $2.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 292 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the June quarter, which will be payable on October 4. Interest expense for the June quarter was $62 million and will be lower in the September quarter due to the lower debt balance. Our debt structure and level of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities, given our staggered maturities and low interest rate. In FY 2017 we successfully completed a debt offering of $1.25 billion of investment grade financing with weighted average interest rate of less than 5% and paid $316 million to repurchase and redeem outstanding debt, including our 2021's 7% senior notes. Overall, our operational and financial performance in FY 2017 reflect execution of our business model profitability improvement objectives and our ability to generate cash flow from our Storage portfolio. Looking ahead, we will continue to optimize our business model and focus on our go to market and product portfolio advancements towards the future growth opportunity markets. I would now like to turn the call back to Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Dave. Turning to the market outlook. We remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment and IT and enterprise spending trends. We believe the end to end supply chain issues we identified last quarter will persist at least through the end of the year. And therefore, we want to exercise more caution than seasonally normal for traditional enterprise spending and other markets affected by higher than normal supply chain pricing. At the same time we are continuing to anticipate a stronger back half of the calendar year for exabyte growth with the CSP ecosystem and seasonal demand for our other major markets, including PCs and the branded market. For the September quarter we are expecting to achieve revenues of between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. Our gross margin expectations for the September quarter are relatively flat and within our 29% to 33% targeted range. Cash flow from operations will be up sequentially. As Dave indicated, non-GAAP operating expenses will trend sequentially down to approximately $415 million in the September quarter. And we expect to exit the December quarter at or below $400 million. While we are not on a trajectory to meet our previous guide of non-GAAP EPS of $4.50 for calendar year 2017, we do anticipate revenue and profit growth sequentially for the December quarter. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we'll now open the call up for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Steven Fox of Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions from me. First of all, on the Nearline Enterprise business, have you identified any market share shifts that might have hurt either the quarter or your outlook? And then secondly, in terms of the non-HDD business, the Enterprise Systems and Flash business, you've done a bunch of acquisitions in there over the last few years. It's had sort of fits and starts. And this quarter is somewhat disappointing. I guess I'm wondering if you could just sort of step back and give us your big picture take on those acquisitions and the progress you expect to make in the coming quarters? Thanks.
William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, Steve. This is Dave Mosley. Let me try the first one. They're somewhat interrelated, I think, your two questions. So on the nearline side, some customers you're heavy with and other customers you're not as heavy with. So there are some fundamental shifts going on, depending on capacity points. I think at the highest capacity points there are some things about our ramp that we're not happy with. The product is really good. And we're ramping it hard right now. At the lower capacity points, the 4 terabytes and 8 terabytes and things like that, quite happy with our products. That's where some of the China CSP behavior and the smaller customers and their issues that they had across their supply chain were affected. So there's slight share shifts going on. But really only the highest capacity point is super relevant, and we think that's temporal. Like I said, the two questions that you asked are interrelated somewhat. The systems business that we have is – there's a few different kinds of business in there. There's some specialty products buildout that we do. And then there's some things where we're really acting more like an ODM, I'll say. And that stuff is not very good business. And obviously a lot of ODMs got themselves into situations with the supply chain issues where either they were underwater or they couldn't procure parts at the right point. They had supply that was older supply, so to speak. So it was a really tough road for the last two quarters in that. And we're going to have to really take a look at how much of that business we continue to support going forward.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Steve, congrats on retirement. Dave, congrats on the new role. Just a question on gross margins. Appreciate that you've guided flat for September. But when you take a more medium term look out a couple of quarters, is 29% the right normalized gross margin to think about? Or are there costs in the September quarter around the 10- and 12-terabyte ramp around enterprise mix that you think is depressing the gross margin in September? And you would expect a rebound from that level? Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: So, Katy, let me first say, while I appreciate your congratulations on the retirement, much to my children's chagrin, I have not retired. In fact, this is probably the best way for me to stay engaged with the company for a few more years. But I did I suppose retire from the CEO job. But so I'm super happy about where I'm headed and what my engagement will be with the company. Also super happy that Mosley is CEO. As I said to someone the other day, that running a disc drive company is a little bit like driving in stop-and-go traffic. Sometimes you're going 15 miles an hour and sometimes you're going 85 miles an hour. But you usually get to your destination on time and no one's hurt. But it's stressful as shit for the driver and oftentimes for the passengers too. So I think we have a younger driver with better reaction times now. The – I think your point is right on where we're headed on margins. The way we see the math, to your point, clearly ramps are always challenging, whether or not it's a 2.5-inch notebook product or a 3.5-inch surveillance product or a high-end nearline product. And whenever you're ramping the products, the yields come up the ramp. And you get better and you also do redesigns and bring costs down. And you also start to understand customer needs, which allow you to optimize the firmware, et cetera, et cetera. So we would expect that with the ramp on those products and the overall mix-up that occurs as customers move from 10s [terabytes] to 12s [terabytes] to 14s [terabytes] to 16s [terabytes] that we have opportunity to move up in that margin range. I think the good news on the quarter frankly is even with the weakness that we had in nearline and mission critical in certain customer bases and even within the services group, the margins that they did contribute were not what they should have been. Even with that, the overall margin structure was pretty solid, which I think should give you a good sense of the underlying core HDD business is operating pretty nicely right now. And yes, it should improve as we execute here in the second half of the year.
William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from C. J. Muse of Evercore. Your line is open.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess two questions. First part, in terms of your commentary on enterprise, can you walk through in a little more detail what you're seeing as temporary versus structural? And then I guess as a follow-up question on the gross margins side, is Enterprise still above 40%? Or do we see it dip below there? And how should we think about I guess that part of your business going forward? Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah. Let me answer that. And then I'll turn the other thing back to Mosley. Like, we've never talked about where our gross margins are by products. And it's a really dangerous game to get in, because we're so leveraged in our manufacturing and our R&D systems that to try and actually splice margins by segments, while it may be a fun accounting practice, it's really deceiving from an overall business practice. I will tell you though that our client portfolio has definitely greened up in terms of the technologies we're deploying. And again we have an areal density lead there that's now going on almost two years. So that means fewer heads and discs. So to reach the same capacity points those clearly have better margins than they did historically for us competitively. So but I think the real message here is that it's you have to view it as the manufacturing company as a whole. And we strive to get as much leverage as we can across the components into the products as possible.
William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc: And then on the enterprise commentary, there's a structural piece in the sense that our mission critical lines are continuing to decrease somewhat. Some of that is penetration from flash. Some of that's architectural issues that are going on in the enterprise. And we may see some rebound of that with new chipsets that are coming out from Intel, for example. But it's kind of interesting, because the last few quarters – we saw a strong back half to the last calendar year. But the last few quarters have been weaker. And that's counter intuitive with flash prices going up the way they did. So that's the stuff that we're referring to as structural though. The temporal stuff, it's very different. If you look at the bill of materials, whether you're a cloud service provider, you're world – around the world or whether you're an enterprise builder, the bill of materials was dramatically upset because of some component price increases. And tradeoffs had to be made inside of that. In some cases the tradeoffs can't be made, because your supply chain can't do the build with the right economics. In some cases you'll make the tradeoff by saying, I'll prioritize this memory architecture right now or this amount of DRAM for example right now. And then I'll hold. The good news on that front for us is – well, first the bad news. The bad news is exabytes have been rather flat all the way through last year. And that doesn't make sense for where the cloud is going. The good news is from the discussions that we have with our customers worldwide, growth of bits inside of data centers is still on a pretty healthy pace. And so this will come back. We've seen this a number of different times in our industry. And that's why we'll call it temporal.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I guess I wanted to ask about the restructuring. Was this something that you already had planned in prior quarters? Or was the restructuring a result of something that happened during this quarter that made you feel like you needed to take some additional cost actions?
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Hi, Sherry. This is Dave. No. This has been in constant dialogue and under plan, as we continued to drive to a glide path of exiting calendar year – this calendar year under $400 million. And so this has long been in process as we go out and continue to drive further synergies amongst the organizations. And how we continue to repivot to higher yielding, higher portfolioed product sets that we bring to market. So to your point, this is something that we've definitely had under long consideration and have taken the necessary actions.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah. If you go back a year ago, we kind of – I think we did at the June call of last year indicate that we were going to take a variety of actions on the manufacturing side to address the capacity issues and where that would have a significant COGS impact, which is obviously reflected. And secondly, that we were going to work OpEx on two different vectors. One was absolute OpEx dollars, and the other was to maintain our margin model that we've committed to and we're staying committed to. That one, as you may remember, wasn't kind of on the steady ramp down, because the last six months of last year were quite strong. And we needed to keep a fair amount of people in place to actually meet the upside demand. And there was also some critical product transitioning going on that we felt it made sense to keep the resources in place to make sure those transitions went well. And that benefited us extremely through fiscal year 2017, where we obviously overachieved fairly dramatically relative to where we were a year ago. So I think we're back on how do we get to $400 million? I would probably say though, as we think about going from $400 million to $375 million, that that is not a reflection so much of something going on in the market as much as a reflection of what happens when you start making adjustments to your OpEx. You obviously then see other opportunities where you can take some additional actions. And some of it is also related to things that Dave Mosley mentioned about what's the quality of business that we're doing in the systems side? And what's the underlying OpEx support for that? And does that math really make sense? So a little bit of that, I'd say in terms of how we're going to get from $400 million to $375 million. But not like market-related to the sale of disk drives. It's more I think related to what we think we can do within the context we've always described as one that's positive.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on the nearline, just quickly. That piece, I think you did a good job of describing where the weakness was. And it sounds like the cloud is still healthy. But can you give us some sense of the mix in nearline in terms of the exabyte shipments? I think I've heard generally 50% goes to cloud and 50% goes to traditional businesses. But it'd be helpful to have some perspective on that. Thanks.
William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc: I think it's probably a little lower going to the cloud service providers. If by the cloud service providers, you mean the top – the biggest ones of them, right? It's probably a little bit lower than that historically. We did get into this discussion about structural versus temporal and noted some of the weakness among OEM nearline worldwide. And some of that may be structural as well, Sherri. I'd say as people are looking to buy, they may be buying from ODMs or other third parties, their non-traditional customers. And that model is accelerating. It's not going back to the old way. So some of that – that's been soft. But some of it may be structural as well.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Okay. I think we have time for one more question, because I know we're running into the open here. And we want to be respectful of that.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question is from Stanley Kovler of Citi Research. Your line is open.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Thank you very much for taking the question here. I just wanted to better understand where we are from a technical perspective. You'd talked about some changes in R&D in terms of getting to the next node and HAMR type of technology. And then also if we could just review what you think about in terms of your policy around keeping folks updated around quarters with respect to mid-quarter updates, pre-announcements, and those types of activities, that would be great. Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: I'll do the HAMR first. So this is a technology, for everyone's benefit, that we've been working on for quite some time in the hard drive industry. It's the next S-curve. The top of the areal density curve that we're on right now, it's getting harder and harder to squeeze that much more out of. The progress – and we haven't talked about HAMR very much in the last two years. But the progress has actually been pretty substantial in the labs both on the reliability front, which was really the issue, and then on the demonstration of areal density front as well. So historically we had talked about 20-terabyte drives in 2020. And we still are on path for those kind of demonstrations. We're going to shoot as high as we can. And we may even get above that based on what we're seeing in the labs right now. But productization is looking more and more favorable all the time. And we're going to be driving hard from it from inside of Seagate. So what that means is there's been a lot of discussions about 12 [terabytes] and 14 [terabytes] and then ultimately we'll get to 16 terabytes. But we will get to 20 [terabytes] and 24 terabytes some day. And we're seeing that – those kind of components in the labs right now that with the right amount of coaxing, we'll get them into products and get them out to the markets. And then on...
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, Stanley, this is Dave Morton. In regards to a definitive process per se on a pre or not a pre, I think the approach that the management team took this go-round was, given the fact that there was so much information coming together and lack of visibility of what was really extending out, not only between this quarter but to the back half of the year's results, we opted to have a further context and full disclosure and earnings call set around the full year, versus just the current situation at hand to be able to provide a full context to our investors and shareholders. So that was our thought process that went into it.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Very helpful.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Okay. I'd like to thank everyone for taking the time to be on the call today and thanks to our employees and our customers and suppliers and investors. Look forward to talking to you next call. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc Philip G. Brace - Seagate Technology Plc
Analysts: Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Edward Parker - BTIG LLC Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Liz and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participate are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over it to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Seagate Technology Plc: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO; Dave Mosley, President and COO; and Phil Brace, President of Cloud Systems and Silicon Group. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information for our March quarter of fiscal 2017 on our Investor Relations site at Seagate.com. For the last few years, we have communicated our belief that data growths trends will continue to drive storage exabyte demand and the related measurement of capacity per drive and that units are less relevant to mobile cloud environments and future client addressable markets. In today's newly deployed architectures and applications, high-capacity mass storage is critical. Importantly for Seagate, it is the advanced technology and heads of media, as well as manufacturing absorption of these technologies and test capacity absorption that will most significantly impact our financial performance. Going forward, we will continue orienting our conference call remarks and supplemental data to key market exabyte results and other business metrics and discontinue providing unit detail. We recognize this represents a change for the investment community in the short term, but believe it better reflects how we are managing and measuring our business performance internally and will help our industry to be evaluated more effectively in a forward-looking manner. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the March quarter and provide the company outlook for the June quarter and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks, as time permits. We will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures on this call. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For today's call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business. Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the June quarter as well as an update for the calendar year. For the March quarter, Seagate achieved: revenues of approximately $2.7 billion, up 3% year-over-year; GAAP gross margins of 30.5%; net income of $194 million; and diluted earnings per share of $0.65. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved: gross margins of 31.4%, up 870 basis points year-over-year; net income of $329 million; and diluted earnings per share of $1.10. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $426 million, up 108% year-over-year. Our March quarter results reflect a relatively stable demand environment and improved profitability year-over-year. HDD exabyte shipments for the March quarter were 65.5 exabytes, up approximately 18% year-over-year. Average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was approximately 1.8 terabytes per drive, up 27% year-over-year. ASPs of $67 were sequentially flat for the March quarter and up 10% year-over-year. Our Cloud Systems and Silicon Group demonstrated 19% year-over-year growth in the March quarter, with particular strength in our flash-based solutions. We are pleased with Seagate's execution in the March quarter, both in terms of our ability to maximize the profitability of our storage technology portfolio and our continued execution on operational efficiencies. I will turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more detail on our operational activities.
David H. Morton, Jr. - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Steve. For the March quarter, Seagate's addressable HDD market was relatively in line with our forecast. We continue to drive our HDD product sales towards our higher capacity products across our portfolio, benefiting both our revenue and margin results year-over-year. HDD enterprise revenues were up 3% year-over-year, reflecting exabyte growth of 20% year-over-year and representing 36% of our total consolidated revenue. Within this, nearline revenues were up 9% year-over-year and represented 24% of our total consolidated revenue. Hyperscale nearline revenues were up strong double digits, and our 8 terabyte nearline product continues to be our leading revenue SKU. Our HDD client high-capacity growth opportunities include consumer, surveillance, DDR and NAS markets. Revenues from these markets were up 25% year-over-year, reflecting exabyte growth of 41% year-over-year and representing approximately 28% of the total consolidated revenue. Average capacity per drive across these markets was over 2 terabyte per drive, up 22% year-over-year. In our mature mission critical and PC client markets, revenues declined year-over-year, as expected, and exabytes declined slightly. PC client revenues continue to represent approximately 25% of the total consolidated revenue. Operating expenses for the March quarter were $550 million on a GAAP basis and $443 million on a non-GAAP basis. Total consolidated expenses were slightly higher than forecast, primarily due to non-executive variable compensation. Capital expenditures were $95 million for the March quarter for maintenance capital and manufacturing footprint redeployment supporting the continued ramp of new HDD products in our portfolio that utilize new tooling and equipment. Our capital expenditures and maintenance capital requirement levels are expected to be less than 5% of our revenue for the remainder of the fiscal year. And through our manufacturing consolidation activities, Seagate is and will continue to operate at, or very near, full capacity. Cash flow from operations in the March quarter was $426 million and free cash flow was $331 million. These results include approximately $150 million in cash payments related to restructuring charges and biannual non-executive variable compensation. Excluding these items, cash flow from operations would have been approximately $576 million. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we ended the March quarter in $3 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 297 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the March quarter, which will be payable on July 5. In January, we successfully completed a debt offering of $1.25 billion of investment-grade financing with a weighted average interest rate of less than 5%. This funding will serve as a pre-financing of our 2018 and our 2021 notes and other corporate purposes. We have called our 2021 7% senior notes with a payment of $158 million scheduled for May 1. Interest expense for the March quarter was $60 million and will be similar in the June quarter. Our debt structure and level of interest expense continues to be well within our financial capabilities and reflective of our investment-grade framework, given our staggered maturities and low interest rate. Our March quarter results continue to reflect strong execution of our business model objectives and our ability to generate strong cash flow from our Storage portfolio. Combined with our Cloud Systems and Silicon Group, we view that approximately 80% of our Storage product revenue opportunities in calendar 2017 and beyond have growth potential. While we are still in the process of executing a number of our cost actions in our manufacturing sites and at the corporate level, we believe the combination of these cost alignment activities and the competitiveness of our HDD product portfolio will continue to benefit our product gross margins and overall profitability of our business over the course of calendar year 2017 and beyond. I would now like to turn the call back to Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Thanks, Dave. A few weeks ago, we launched our Data Age 2025 study with IDC that addresses data growth, location and new business verticals over the next several years. With a forecast of 163 zettabytes of information being created over the next few years, HDD mass storage technology will continue to be a vital player in maximizing the value of data across many new verticals. We believe continuing to optimize our full HDD product portfolio to the structural shifts in application workloads towards higher capacity will prove to be a resilient and competitive marketplace strategy. By this time next year, we anticipate less than 10% of our HDD technology portfolio will be exposed to competing flash devices. The competitiveness of our HDD portfolio is a result of our long-term investment in delivering world-class storage technology and our dedication to product innovation. A few recent portfolio highlights include: in the nearline market, our 10 terabyte Helium HDD is continuing to ramp with large hyperscale cloud service provider customers. Customer evaluation feedback on our 12 terabyte Helium HDDs has been positive, and we plan to start volume shipments in the June quarter. We believe our opportunities in the nearline market will continue to span across multiple capacity points as our customers evolve their capacity infrastructure for a growing multiple of enterprise workload applications. We are successfully refreshing a number of products in our portfolio, utilizing our fourth generation SMR technology. And to-date, we have sold over 35 million HDDs into the nearline client and consumer markets with this technology. We believe our technical leadership in areal density will continue through calendar 2017. Our planned 1 terabyte and 2 terabyte product refreshes for the PC compute markets are on schedule. And this week at NAB, we announced new consumer products including our first offering for the drone marketplace, the Fly Drive, which includes enough space for 60 hours of 4K video footage and developed in partnership with top drone manufacturer, DJI. From an R&D technology perspective, we continue to invest in our next-generation areal density HAMR technology. With products on the road map for the late 2018 calendar year, we believe we are leading the market in developing and bringing to market this important cost-benefit solution for mass storage capacity needs. Turning to the market outlook, we remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment and IT spending trends. For the June quarter, we are expecting to achieve revenues of between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. Our expectations reflect a seasonal decline in revenue, our desire to maintain lower inventories going into the summer months and some conservatism due to the potential impact of component shortages in DRAM and NAND on various aspects of our customers' businesses in the server, CSP and client space. We are raising our gross margin expectations for the June quarter to 31%, and we are targeting a new range for calendar 2017 of 29% to 33%. As Dave indicated, operating expenses will trend sequentially down to expect approximately $430 million in the June quarter. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to decline through the rest of the calendar year and exit the December quarter at or below $400 million. Cash flow from operations will be down slightly sequentially, reflecting lower seasonal revenue and cash payout related to our elimination of U.S. vacation accrual. We continue to expect overall exabyte demand to grow double digits in calendar 2017 over 2016, representing modest revenue growth opportunities for Seagate. Assuming market conditions remain intact, we continue to believe Seagate will achieve earnings per share of at least $4.50 in calendar 2017, and we will provide a fiscal 2018 outlook on our July call. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we'll now open the call up for questions and answers.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks. Maybe discuss your go-forward exabyte growth expectations by the segments as you lay them out. And specifically...
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: We're not going to provide exabyte growth by segments. That's highly competitive information.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Maybe I should ask...
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: We still believe in exabyte growth that's consistent with what we've said over the last couple of years. Exabyte growth in excess of areal density growth.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Can nearline still grow in the mid to high-30%s this year after the 20% start? I ask because the remaining quarters have some pretty difficult comps. So maybe talk a little bit more detail with that.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes, I do think they can. As you see the 10s and 12s start to ramp. I think the first half of the year has been an issue both of what's really the right marketplace for the 10 terabyte, especially with the 12 kind of coming right behind it, as well as the CSPs have been – and we've kind of expected this the whole time, that the second half of the year was going to be stronger than the first half of the year. So I think the combination of stronger demand signals for the second half plus the rotation of the portfolio that's going to have 8s, 10s and 12s and not just pretty much 8s, you're going to see exabyte growth there that's going to continue.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, price per exabyte declined at the lowest rate in a few years. It's now the second quarter you're kind of in a 13% to 14% range versus the low 20%s range that the industry has been in. What is a good expectation to model going forward, given you said you're generally near peak capacity?
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes. I think that's a great question. I think we've got to continue to be very careful on the pricing, especially, again, as you go from 10s and 12s. On the one hand, the customer demand is certainly there for those higher capacity drives, but the industry's capability to deliver that technology is coming through solutions that effectively cost more. Either you're adding more heads in disk or other technology to handle that kind of workload. And especially when you're adding more heads in disk, you have to obviously be very careful about the aggressive price takedowns that have occurred because somehow you have to absorb the extra parts. So I think you're going to see some resolution where those price declines are going to continue to stabilize just because we have to afford the new technology. And, of course, we're not going to end at 10s or 12s. We're going to have to get to 16 and then 20 and 32, and that's all going to take a lot of technology. So we definitely believe you're going to see stabilization in that pricing.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Parker with BTIG.
Edward Parker - BTIG LLC: Thanks. Steve, I wanted to ask you about price elasticity and I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the impact of higher NAND pricing in the quarter on your HDD business. Are you seeing higher unit sales because of higher prices for SSDs or higher unit sales because of the lack of availability for SSDs? And then secondly, how do you think about price elasticity across your portfolio? And how could that change as you look at your business over the next couple of years?
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Well, I think the NAND shortages are interesting because, at the end of the day, I think it's more challenging for the technology industry to deal with the shortages than it is maybe beneficial to HDDs because of some comparison on a 500 gig. I mean, the reality is even a 500-gig NAND drive, at today's prices or even at six months ago prices, aren't remotely competitive to an HDD price. I do think that the lack of availability of NAND in certain market segments results in people then shifting their strategies around do they use HDDs or not. So I think, for example, the NAND companies are constantly optimizing where do they shift their NAND. Does to go into phones? Does it go into the data centers? Does it go into the servers or does it go into the PCs? And depending on the grade of flash you're building, the capacity plans you put in six months ago and then what customers are asking for, there's this constant re-optimization of where the NAND is flowing. I think in the short term probably, and I think HP indicated this on their call two quarters ago, that they felt that the PC industry was being constrained a bit on NAND. I think that probably has shifted some longer-term strategy around product portfolios that breathes some more life into the HDD space, in that people don't want to be caught short with storage technology of any type. And, of course, there again we're talking about 128 or 256. For us, it's really an issue of getting the volumes ramped on the 1TB, where we have a substantial lead, and then offering that product to the PC companies that maybe today are taking a lot of 500- gig product because at volume, obviously, it's a single-disk and two-headed product, so we can be quite competitive. So I think from a Seagate perspective, we feel that the shortage overall might marginally help us on the client space as we move through the calendar year and maybe even to the beginning of next year. I think where it's more problematic for the industry in general, and I mean everyone, is if it's constraining build-outs at all at the CSP space, that with the DRAM shortages. And we have seen indications of certain deployments being delayed because they basically can't get all the component technology that they need across the board. We experience that a little bit in our own CSSG business, where we obviously need to get flash to sell our flash drives. We have a big demand profile for our current-generation products, which are quite competitive. But we're constrained by as much as $40 million or $50 million in revenue in terms of can we get the flash or not. So that's one of the issues that we're going to be working hard and one of the reasons that I think there is some opportunity on the revenue side if we can secure that NAND. So it's a pretty dynamic situation that you're on top of. I don't know that it's as easy to say that it's good or bad. I think there's some good to it and there's some pressures from it. We've always said it's a better world if there's a lot of NAND because that means people have more devices in their hand and they're creating more data. And that's still our thesis. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Steve, can you just elaborate a little more about your comment that less than 10% of your portfolio would be exposed to competing flash devices? Like over what timeframe are you referring and how do you get there? Is that walking away from categories, or is that just a mix change towards more cloud service providers?
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Well, I'll let Mosley go into more details, but we've already walked away from those markets. Basically, again, we don't participate in the 500 gigabyte market really today. Ad that's because we have a technology lead and we want to leverage that. And, of course, the recent price increases from the NAND folks have made a 500 gigabyte drive unattainable, for sure. Even the 256s, I think we've heard price talks in the $60 or $70 range, which is pretty amazing. So I think it's a more longer-term trend, and I'll have Dave talk to it, but it doesn't really talk to the CSPs. The CSPs are enabled by all tiers of storage.
William David Mosley, Ph.D. - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, Rich. This is Dave. I would go back to Ed's question as well to dovetail on to that. So we have to model what the NAND pricing is going to be out in time. And then we model where Seagate wants to be selling product; is it 500 gigabytes, 1 terabyte, 2 terabyte and so on. And we look at those price banding for our various market segments and we make those estimates. So we what we said is, over the next year, it'll develop such that less than 10% of our portfolio is exposed. I think by this time next year, it will be far less than 10%. And we're working hard to make sure that happens, make sure we move up in capacity points. Of course, some of that's what the customers want and some of that is dictated by where exactly the NAND pricing is. But that's how we run the model.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. And then just lastly as a follow-up, the Systems business you said a good quarter on the flash side, but embedded in there is also the systems that are going to some enterprise players, like HP, for the mid-range MSA stuff. So in light of the Nimble acquisition, just how should he with think about the Storage Systems business?
Philip G. Brace - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, Rich. This is Phil. The Storage Systems business certainly in the current quarter had a good performance as well, year-over-year growth. And we expect to see year-over-year growth going forward. Customer activity in that space continues to be really high, particularly in the OEM space. What we see is that as OEMs look to be figure out where they spend their R&D dollars, they certainly are making opportunities available for Seagate for us to come in and work with them on higher levels of integration. And that's particularly true as we start to have higher levels of integration between, I'll say, our component-related products, like SSDs and HDs, and our system-level products. So, overall, that business continues to grow nicely.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: We have time for one more question I think.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Guggenheim Partners.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you very much. I guess I wanted to follow up on Rich's question on the Systems business. If you go back, you guys have made a couple of acquisitions both in Systems and with LSI on the flash side. And yet it's still well under 10% of revenue. I was just wondering from a strategic standpoint, as Systems are moving higher up the enterprise stack, is that strategically a big part of what you guys are looking to do do you think over the next few years, or is that kind of taking a back seat? Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Yeah, I don't think it's really changed much in terms of our original intention. We've always felt there's an opportunity in the Systems business in the higher value-add categories because our Systems business, at least a good hunk of it, has a fair amount of software competency to it as well. And so we serve OEMs in that space. And more and more so, we're getting traction with the cloud service providers that are looking at solutions beyond the device level. So I think, from our perspective, we've always viewed this business as attractive in terms of its core business of selling into OEMs as well as servicing cloud service providers at one level. But really the opportunity to, as architectures evolve and different customer needs evolve, to have the capability to optimize the devices, either at the device level, the sub-system level or the systems level. And if you don't have the software capability to do that, you really can't take advantage of what we think will be a potentially significant long-term trend. I think the issue is, one, is that how does that evolve, over what period of time and what does it cost you in the mean time? And so I think, for us, we continue to work the financial model so the Systems business is profitable to the overall business and then gives us the option to grow into some of these markets if we see either OEMs or CSPs decide that they want to see solutions at the systems level versus the device level. And we still believe that's the opportunity in front of us. I would say, if anything, over the last six to 12 months we've seen and had dialogues with customers that have us more encouraged about that opportunity versus less encouraged. So we are as committed as we have been to growing that business to what we with think will be a meaningful business in the overall portfolio.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Makes sense. Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Seagate Technology Plc: Okay. Great. All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate the time you've taken this morning. And I want to again thank our employees, our customers, our suppliers and our shareholders. And we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Communications and Treasury Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Morton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dave Mosley - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, Inc. Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray Carret & Co., LLC Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2017 Fiscal Results Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Carmen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today from Seagate’s executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO; Dave Mosley, President and COO; and Phil Brace, President of Cloud Systems and Silicon Group. We’ve posted our press release and detailed supplemental information for second fiscal quarter fiscal year 2017 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights for the December quarter and provide the company outlook for the third fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2017, and then open the call for questions. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half-an-hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. We will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP measures on this call. Non-GAAP figures are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the investor section of our website. We’ve not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company’s anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the investor section of the company’s website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For today’s call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business, Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I’ll close the call with our outlook for the March quarter, as well as for the calendar year 2017. Over the course of calendar 2016, Seagate exhibited discipline and focus and delivered four consecutive quarters of gross margin, operating margin, and EPS improvements. The drivers of our improving performance, particularly in the December quarter are combination of market demand trends across our high capacity storage solution portfolio, component cost optimization within our storage products, and the structural cost improvements we are driving throughout our company, particularly within our manufacturing operations. For the December quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.9 billion, GAAP gross margins of 31%, net income of $297 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 32%, up over 600 basis points year-over-year, net income of $412 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.38, up 68% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $656 million, up 72% year-over-year. HDD exabyte shipments for the December quarter were 68.2 exabytes, representing the third consecutive quarter of record exabyte shipments, and up approximately 13% year-over-year. HDD unit shipments were 39.9 million units. Average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was 1.7 terabytes per drive, up 30% year-over-year. ASPs of $66 were sequentially flat for the December quarter, and up 12% year-over-year. We believe, Seagate’s December quarter demand environment reflects a generally stable, but mixed macroeconomic environment, as well as the continued acceleration in the deployment of cloud-based storage associated with usage shifts of technologies and architectures by end users. In addition, we saw strong sequential demand for higher capacity products in the consumer, surveillance, and NAS markets. Our Cloud Systems and Silicon Group demonstrated sequential growth in the December quarter, with particular strength for our flash-based solutions. We are pleased with Seagate’s execution in the December quarter and throughout calendar 2016, both in terms of our ability to maximize the profitability of our technology portfolio and our continued execution on our cost reductions. I’d like to thank Seagate’s employees for their tremendous effort and contributions towards our business objectives. I’ll turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more detail on our operational activities.
David Morton: Thanks, Steve. With the shifts taking place in Seagate’s business, there are few specific areas of our financial performance in the December quarter that I would like to provide further context to Steve’s earlier discussion. For the December quarter, Seagate’s addressable HDD market was in line with our forecast. We continue to drive our HDD product set sales towards our higher capacity products across our portfolio, benefiting both our revenue and margin results for the quarter. HDD enterprise revenue was up 5% year-over-year and represented 37% of our total consolidated revenue. Nearline product revenues were up 15% year-over-year and our ATB nearline product continues to be our leading revenue skew. Mission critical product sales remain stable and were up slightly, sequentially. HDD client high capacity growth opportunities include consumer, surveillance, DVR and NAS markets, and represent approximately 30% of total consolidated revenue. In the December quarter, revenue from these markets grew 19% year-over-year and average capacity per drive across these markets was approximately 1.9 terabyte per drive, up 20% year-over-year, and PC client shipments continue to represent 24% of consolidated HDD revenue. Operating expenses for the December quarter were $521 million on a GAAP basis and $458 million on a non-GAAP basis. During the December quarter, we implemented a certain cost reduction activities and recognized approximately $33 million in pre-tax restructuring charges. The magnitude of these cost efficiencies we implemented across our company in calendar 2016 to ensure the resiliency of our business has been upwards of $500 million over calendar 2015. In this short period of time, we have improved our factory utilization, reducing our manufacturing cost by approximately $200 million year-over-year, operating expenses, excluding variable compensation have been reduced by approximately $300 million year-over-year. We will continue to drive cost out of our manufacturing operations and operating expenses, as we move through the fiscal year. Capital expenditures were $95 million for the December quarter for maintenance capital, supporting the acceleration of the ramp of new products in our portfolio that utilize new tooling and equipment, and the accelerated expansion of our Korat facility to expedite the manufacturing footprint reductions that are in progress across many sites. Our capital expenditures and maintenance capital requirement levels are expected to be less than 5% of our revenue for the remainder of the fiscal year. And through our manufacturing consolidation activities, Seagate is and will continue to operate at or very near full capacity. Cash flow from operations in the December quarter was $656 million and free cash flow was $561 million. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the December quarter with $1.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $295 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our debt structure and level of interest expense is well within our financial capabilities and reflective of our investment grade framework, given our staggered maturities and low interest expense. Due to the confidence in our cash flow generation, our Board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the December quarter, payable on April 5. Our December quarter dividend payout of $188 million is at the low-end of our long-term target range of returning 30% to 50% of free cash flow. In addition, we deployed $147 million for the redemption of 4.1 million shares for the December quarter. Our ability to return to our long-term financial model in the December quarter is a reflection of our portfolio optimization, as well as Seagate’s operational cost reductions. From a market demand perspective, we continue to believe that optimizing our full HDD portfolio to the structural shifts in the application workloads towards higher capacity will prove to be a resilient and competitive marketplace strategy. Combined with our Cloud Systems and Silicon Group, we review that approximately 80% of our storage product revenue opportunities in calendar 2017 have growth potential. At the same time, we have structured our refreshed portfolio to optimize the gains in areal density improvement, increasing storage capacity per drive, and in turn this enables us to lower our build and material per drive and redeploy the internal head and media components towards our highest margin products across the portfolio. While we are still in the process of executing many actions, we believe the overall cost alignment activities and the new high capacity and cost advantage products within our HDD product portfolio refresh will continue to benefit our product gross margins and overall profitability of our business over the course of our fiscal and calendar year 2017. Given the current demand outlook and assuming a stable macroeconomic environment, we are confident in our ability to remain around a higher-end of our long-term targeted margin range of 27% to 32%, and within our operating income margin targeted range of 13% to 15% for FY 2017. I would now like to turn the call back to Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Dave. Over the course of 2016, Seagate demonstrated execution and focus towards structural improvements to our company’s global operations. The ongoing shift from client server to mobile cloud architectures continues to create significant opportunities for core technology providers, such as Seagate, with an expanding customer base and high value-add opportunities associated with data retention and data analytics. As Dave mentioned, we have a refreshed cost optimized high capacity portfolio that is well-positioned in the consumer CE surveillance and NAS markets. Where we choose to participate in the PC market, we will lead with our one terabyte and higher products and our desktop products remain highly competitive. We will continue to be extremely competitive in the enterprise market with our business critical product portfolio. Our eight terabyte product leads the market in cost and performance and we are pleased with the ramp of our 10 terabyte product in terms of quality, performance, and customer qualifications. For the last few quarters, our 12 terabyte product has been with customers for evaluation and the feedback has been positive. During the next 12 to 18 months, we expect the nearline market to be diversified in capacity points for different application workloads, with use cases from two to four terabyte products for certain applications up to 16 terabyte for other use cases. From a macro perspective, we remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment and IT spending trends. We expect overall exabyte demand to grow double digits in calendar 2017 over 2016. For the March quarter, we anticipate the unit an exabyte demand environment to decline relatively seasonally. Our outlook for enterprise demand is stable and we will continue to drive the high capacity products in our portfolio and minimize exposure to the low capacity HDD market. We are expecting to achieve revenues of approximately $2.7 billion, representing a slightly less seasonal decline in revenue than the last two years. We expect to maintain margins at the mid to higher-end of our long-term range at approximately 30%. The sequential decline is primarily due to seasonality and some factory under absorption, as we transition Suzhou facility and other activities through the end of June. Operating expenses will trend down sequentially to approximately $440 million, reflecting further cost measures. In addition, assuming market conditions remain intact, we believe Seagate will achieve revenue growth in calendar 2017, with earnings per share of, at least, $4.50. These are significantly improved expectations from where we were last June and positions the company well for our operating and financial performance in calendar 2018. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we will now open the call up for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment for questions. And our first question is from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Richard Kugele: First, can we just discuss a little bit more about the restructuring? Clearly, you’ve made a lot of progress, those are all structural changes within Seagate. But can you just talk about how we should think about where Seagate excess calendar 2017, perhaps since that’s the metric you’re talking about from a maybe a COGS perspective or utilization if you want to look at that way, OpEx, is this the right level what we’re seeing here for the March quarter exiting the year, how is the progress?
David Morton: Hi, Rich, this is Dave Morton, I’ll tackle some of the OpEx ones and then turn it over to Dave Mosley to address some of the COGS and the improved efficiency there. I would take you back to middle of last year, where we had approximately two 8-Ks that we signaled upwards of $225 million of restructuring. We’ve had a significant amount of that get recognized in the P&L, as we’ve noticed on in the 8-K. With that said, we haven’t necessarily seen all the savings come through, and those are just on the activities that we’ve announced thus far. And so, as you think about the OpEx, that’s going to continue to trend down. Now some of that’s been masked a little bit by some of the variable compensation that’s gone into the first-half. But we believe we’re on a trajectory for that to continue to take steps down exiting not only the March, but continued into the back-half of the year. So that’s our alignment right now. And then Dave in regards to…
Dave Mosley: Yes, Rich, on COGS, it comes down to the utilization of our factories to first order, there’s heads media and drive factories. And as we alluded to in the script, we’re still in the consolidation phase on some of those. We have been for the last six months in earnest, but there’s some work left to do. So your question directly was at the end of this calendar year, I think, some of it has to do with our product transitions that we’ll still be going through throughout this calendar year as far as whether we can stay full, but we’re planning to, I think, and so we’re planning to stay at the same utilization rates that we have today albeit with a little bit smaller footprint when those factories finally come offline.
Richard Kugele: Okay, thank you. And then just quickly on technology, 8 terabyte is your most important skew so far and revenues. But as you look at the balance of the year, do you see 10 terabyte really being adopted in size, or will people just move to the 12 that’s in qual today?
Dave Mosley: That’s a difficult question, I think.
Steve Luczo: Yes, just before we talk about it just so, I think one thing though, Rich, it’s dangerous to conclude that it’s all about 8s or 10s or 12s. I think what this quarter showed is, it’s actually the breadth of the portfolio that matters. So, again, we had great results in the consumer space, the surveillance space, the NAS space, it’s kind of all high capacity product for us and the profitability on the portfolio across the portfolio is quite significant. So I don’t think you want to fall into a trap of thinking that it all comes from a terabytes, because that’s not true. And then I think, Rich, as we add the higher capacity points, clearly there’s a value proposition for some customers who have those kinds of installs and see the TCO benefits from the really high capacity drive. I think a soon as we as the industry get the next one out, still tend to want to move to the next one as well. So the 12s are out in evaluation that we’ve been – for a a couple of quarters as we’ve been talking about. And as we go to 2014 and 2016 and so on through the next year-and-a-half, I think, there’s going to be continued motion here. Some people will stop at one that they’re happy with who doesn’t – don’t want to take the risk on the new or can’t get the new one, there’s going to be a lot of those dynamics I think for – over the course of the next six quarters.
Richard Kugele: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, thanks, guys, for taking the questions. Hey congratulations on the execution. Over the last nine months, it’s been pretty impressive and the velocity has been pretty fantastic to see. I guess, just two quick ones for me. With regards to the sort of gross margin performance for the December Q and the ongoing sustainability of that, I – to what degree has the expansion – incremental expansion been from the capacity utilization action or the consolidation? And then to what degree is it been and will remain from other factors you guys have talked about, maybe improving gross margin profile in the non-enterprise products the rest of the portfolio, Steve, as you mentioned and anything else, I just like to get a sense of a magnitude of what the improvement has been from, and then I have a quick follow-up? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I think, if you’re breaking it down between product refresh and mix, if you will in demand shifts that we believe are sustainable and restructuring. I’d say it’s probably two-thirds on the product refresh so far, because not all of the restructuring is done. And so I think what we’ll see is uplift from both as we continue, because we clearly expect the demand profile that continue to shift to the higher capacity points, that’s why we’re positioning the portfolio in the manufacturing footprint to support that, and of course, the manufacturing footprint will get more efficient.
Ananda Baruah: That’s really helpful. And I guess, just a quick follow-up is, what is the current capacity utilization, or how you want to think about that? And it sounds like the – sort of the comments are you going to sustain that that, but what is the current way? Thanks a lot.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think we have a number of different operational units, if you will, through our heads process or media process and our drive process, there’s a number of different lines. But we’re running anywhere from 80% to a 100%, depending on how you view those factories and we’ll stay there. There will be some places necessarily in the supply chain, where we need flexibility. But we intend to stay at about these levels.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks, much appreciated.
Steve Luczo: But also just remember, you can’t as soon as one factory is at capacity, you’re at capacity.
Ananda Baruah: That makes sense.
Steve Luczo: Yes, because we need lots of parts to make a disk drive.
Ananda Baruah: Thank you. Good luck.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. If I look at the guidance on a year-over-year basis, you’re guiding to revenue growth for the first time. But the implication suggests that units still are declining maybe roughly 10% on a year-over-year basis. I’m trying to understand what is the implication of the annual unit declines for the HDD industry? Are those declines offset on the utilization basis because of the mix to higher capacities? Do you still need to take some capacity offline, because typically, when we look at sort of the leverage that you get it’s based on the the unit mix or the units improving, but we’re not really seeing that right now?
Steve Luczo: Well, it’s really components improving versus what’s the unit, right? So units will probably be flattish to down slightly maybe, I don’t know, it’s kind of early to tell on that front, looks like this quarter unit demand was pretty good. I think for us, for sure, you remember, you always have to think about the market that we’re focused on and which is what we’re trying to get people understand that the Seagate addressable market is probably going to be diverging from what the other competitors think of as the market. So for the market that we’re in, we actually would say, that it’s probably going to be a growing market, because we see growth in all those applications that require high capacity. And then within that obviously, because it’s the highest capacity technology that we’re using then it’s lots of heads and disk absorption, which goes along with the units. Then as you know, going from 8 to 10 to 12 to 16, you’re going from six to eight disk, at least, on the nearline products and we do think there’s opportunities for more heads and disc on desktop and notebook, as people need higher capacity as well. So I think from an absorption perspective, we feel pretty good – better than pretty good about calendar 2017 in terms of what it means in terms of our factory absorption, which is really what you’re asking. And no, we don’t need a disk drive unit growth to drive factory absorption like we used to, because the demand profile now is all about high capacity drives not about lots of little drives that aren’t connected that go into PCs.
Sherri Scribner: So that makes a lot of sense. I was just trying to understand the dynamics, because clearly now there needs to be more of a focus on revenue as opposed to the unit growth, which is what we used to look out before? My second question would be, what is the implications for Seagate’s business based on the administration changes we’ve seen in the White House? I know, you guys are not incorporated in the U.S. But will you see any tax benefits potentially? How should we think about some of those changes, because we’ve had a lot of questions about that. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I’ll let Dave talk about the tax implications in a second. I think from a usage perspective, we’re encouraged that they will probably be a reacceleration of data acquisition systems, which had been stalled out fairly dramatically for the last several years. And I think the change in administration is probably going to result in some growth in that segment, which has been pretty stagnant for the last few years. On the tax and regulation side, Dave Morton has done a lot of work there. So I’ll let him answer that question.
David Morton: Thanks, Steve, and thanks, Sherri. Seagate does carefully monitor any and all potential tax law changes, not only here in the U.S., but in all areas of the globe, where we operate. We continue to evaluate the various proposals coming out of Washington to determine what their potential impact might be. And most of the proposals and process and in flight do contain certain provisions, which could have both positive and negative impacts to the company. We do believe that the most serious tax proposals being considered, including the House Republican Blueprint with its border adjustability tax provision would not likely have a significant near-term impact for the company. But again, that’s still under heavy review.
Sherri Scribner: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next…
Steve Luczo: Okay, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks, glad I made it through the line. I guess, maybe to start with the free cash flow usage, you guys have had really impressive free cash flow for the few quarters beyond dividend would seem to be a comfortable thing for you guys to do. How do you think about deleveraging versus potentially returning to the M&A framework?
Steve Luczo: Well, those are the things we think about. And I think, probably the best thing is to just look at what we’ve done historically. I think, we – how do we think about it first and foremost whether or not it’s dividends or buybacks. Number one thing we think about is, maintaining enough investment in our core business to maintain the technology platforms that we have and the leadership positions we have, the technology, as we mentioned, in the response to Sherri’s question is it’s getting more difficult, but these to deliver devices at 12, 14, 16, 20 terabytes takes a lot of investment, a lot of technology. So first and foremost, we make sure that we’re covered on that front. And then, we obviously protect ourselves in terms of downsides or anything like that. And then if there’s excess cash flow, we think about M&A opportunities or returns to shareholders. And I think the Board has been fairly consistent and I expect to remain consistent of 30% to 50% of free cash flow being returned to the shareholders. That leaves us, given the cash flow generation capabilities of the company that leaves us a lot of cash flow to do things like M&A. So it’s not – we don’t think it constrained us – constrains us in anyway if we saw an opportunity that we felt was important to any sort of strategic direction we want to go in. And then that’s just the issue between dividends and buybacks. And again, I think, if you look at our history, we try to maintain a dividend base that is kind of at the low-end of that range. And then what we do above that is probably buybacks opportunistically when we see discrepancies in the valuation versus what we think the long-term value of the company is.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. And if I could just follow-up, you talked about being able to operate at the higher-end of your gross margin range for calendar 2017, what would enable you to operate at or above that range, because mix is only better and I think your manufacturing savings ahead of you?
David Morton: Yes, I mean, you’re nailing both of them, right. We’ve got through the March quarter and then extending into June in the back-half of the year. A lot of those savings will come to fruition on that top line, as well as some of the mix iterations and as we continue to ramp up the portfolio as well. So that’s where we have a high degree of confidence in enabling that that sustainability in those levels at that margin range.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Okay, great. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today, and particularly our customers and our suppliers and our employees and our investors obviously. We appreciate your support over the last year, and we look forward to speaking in the next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick – Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasury Steve Luczo – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Morton – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Fox – Cross Research Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital Rich Kugele – Needham
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Nicole and I’ll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to today’s call we are hosting from our corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ireland following our successful annual meeting. Joining me today from Seagate’s executive team are Steve Luczo, our Chairman and CEO and Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO and Phil Brace, President of Cloud Systems and Silicon Group. Dave Mosley, President and COO, is not on today’s call due to travel. We’ve posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our first fiscal quarter 2017 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call we will review the highlights for the September and provide the company outlook for the second fiscal quarter of 2017, and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the Company’s anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the Company’s SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the investor section of the Company’s website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today’s call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business, Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights and I’ll close the call with our outlook for the December quarter. For the September quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, GAAP gross margins of 28.6%, net income of $167 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.55. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 29.5%, net income of $299 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.99, up 85% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $592 million. We believe Seagate’s September quarter reflects – results are reflective of a generally stable but mixed macroeconomic environment, as well as acceleration in the deployment of cloud-based storage associated with usage shifts of technologies and architectures by end users. Demand from cloud service providers for our nearline high capacity portfolio was stronger than we expected going into the September quarter. HDD exabyte shipments for the September quarter were up approximately 20% year-over-year, with consecutive record shipments. We shipped 66.7 exabytes of storage in the September quarter. HDD unit shipments were 38.9 million units, with average capacity per drive at a record 1.7 terabytes per drive, up 44% year-over-year and reflecting our tenth quarter of sequential growth in capacity per drive. ASPs of $67 were sequentially flat for the September quarter. Our customers continue to benefit from our portfolio advancements, and we believe that Seagate is in the leading competitive position as our market shifts from a low capacity unit space demand profile to the future applications which are component rich and require aggressive technology advancement. This is particularly important as the storage market shifts from client server to mobile cloud applications and storage environments. With respect to our Cloud Systems business, we are on track to launch new converged storage platforms including hybrid and all flash array offerings later this fiscal year, which we believe are equal to or better than our competition and we expect to see continued revenue growth for this business in the December quarter. We are pleased with Seagate’s execution in the September quarter, both in terms of our ability to maximize the profitability of our technology portfolio and our continued execution on our cost reductions. I will turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more detail on these activities.
Dave Morton: Thanks, Steve. With the shifts taking place in Seagate’s business, there are a few specific areas of our financial performance in the September quarter that I would like to provide further context to Steve’s earlier discussion. For the September quarter, Seagate’s addressable HDD market was higher than forecast, driving benefit in our revenue and margin results for the quarter. Within this, there were specific HDD product areas where demand was stronger than our expectations, specifically for our nearline enterprise HDD products. Our ATB nearline enterprise products continues to be our leading revenue SKU, as overall HDD enterprise revenue was 41% of total consolidated revenue. By comparison, our PC client shipments were 24% of total consolidated revenue in the September quarter, reflecting the shift of client server storage environments and our competitive positioning in the higher capacity segments. From a market demand perspective, we continued to make strategic decisions to not aggressively participate in certain areas of the low capacity client market where the gross margin contribution does not warrant the long-term manufacturing investment. As a result, our future forecast for Seagate’s HDD unit addressable market may have a variance to our competition, and our unit shipment market share may vary as we may not participate in all HDD unit sales demand in any given quarter. Operating expenses for the September quarter were $580 million on a GAAP basis and $472 million on a non-GAAP basis. The sequential increase in our operating expenses was due to higher variable compensation expense related to the upside in our financial performance. During the September quarter, we implemented certain cost reduction activities and recognized approximately $82 million in pretax restructuring charges. We continue to drive our non-variable compensation operating expense reduction activities, and our overall expenses will decline on a run rate basis as planned as we move through the fiscal year. Capital expenditures amounted to $140 million for the September quarter for maintenance capital, supporting the acceleration of the ramp of new products in our portfolio that utilize new tooling and equipment, and the accelerated expansion of our Korat facility to expedite the planned manufacturing footprint reductions across many sites. As we manage the shifts in our product portfolio, customer demand, and changing nature of our customer base, we are on track to align the operating model of our HDD business to optimize our manufacturing footprint. Our capital expenditures and maintenance capital requirement levels are expected to be less than 5% of our revenue over the next fiscal year and through our manufacturing consolidation activities, Seagate will be operating at or very near full capacity. Our operating philosophy will then shift to chasing demand upside versus managing excess capacity. While we are still in process of executing many actions, we believe the overall cost alignment activities and the new high capacity and cost advantaged products within our HDD product portfolio refresh will benefit our product gross margins and overall profitability of our business over the course of the fiscal and calendar year of 2017. Given the current demand outlook and assuming a stable macroeconomic environment, we are confident in our ability to remain around the midpoint of our long-term targeted margin range of 27% to 32% and within our operating income targeted range of 13% to 15% for FY2017. Cash flow from operations in the September quarter was $592 million, and free cash flow was $452 million. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we ended the September quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $299 million ordinary shares outstanding. Our debt structure and level of interest expense is well within our financial capabilities and reflective of our investment grade framework, given our staggered maturities and low interest expense. For capital allocation in the September quarter, we participated in a third-party block trade transaction in conjunction with ValueAct Capital and deployed $100 million for the redemption of 3 million shares. Due to the confidence in our cash flow generation, our Board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63 for the September quarter, payable on January 4. There has been no change to our dividend policy, and our dividend payout of $188 million a quarter is supported by our cash flow generation forecast. I would now like to turn the call back to Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Dave. As indicated, demand for our high capacity nearline drives has accelerated from earlier in the year as cloud service providers are deploying new systems and/or replacing HDDs that are in service. For the December quarter we expect this demand to remain stable, with overall market exabyte demand to be slightly stronger. We will maintain our focus on high capacity opportunities for our portfolio. As such, we expect relatively flat revenue with improvement in gross margins in the December quarter, and as previously discussed, non-variable compensation operating expenses will trend down sequentially. We recognize the continued shift from cloud server to mobile cloud and the related infrastructure and application level changes taking place in our industry. These shifts are impacting our traditional product offering and customer base and are creating significant opportunities for core technology providers such as Seagate with an expanding customer base and higher value-add opportunities. The new customer base includes our traditional OEMs and distribution customers as well as significant and growing demand from cloud service providers, surveillance companies, and will likely include corporate demand in the not too distant future. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we can now open the call up for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just first off, I was curious, given how demand is coming in a little bit better than when you sort of started on this rationalization program, has there been any unintentional consequences in how you are dealing with customers or the supply chain that maybe adjusted the strategy going forward a little bit? And if not, can you sort of talk about how the mix maybe improves further like over a 12-month period from here? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I’m not sure I understand the question, Steven. You want to provide me a little more detail on what you mean by unexpected consequences?
Steven Fox: Yes. Basically is component supply getting tighter than you would have thought just three or six months ago when you sort of set out on this plan? Plan accounts seem to be going up.
Steve Luczo: No. I mean, not than what we expected. I mean, again, our strategy was to take out the capacity that was mostly related to old technology on single disc two head because we’re ramping new technology on single disc two head. And we’re allocating our component technology across our portfolio, I think pretty effectively. We’re balancing between the demands on 2, 4, 6, terabyte as well as the strong demand at 8 terabyte. So I think the factories are – they’re all running hot, but that wasn’t unexpected. So I think at the component level we’re definitely at capacity, which the operations people like as they love kind of chasing upsides and running linearly every month of the quarter. So it was the operational goal that we had in mind when we made the manufacturing adjustments that we made.
Steven Fox: Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up, just in reference to your nearline demand trend chart, Slide 8, there’s been periods where that has sort of paused sequentially and gone down, I guess mainly related to cloud demand. Can you talk about your expectations for maybe another sort of pullback based on what you’re seeing in terms of data center spend over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: No. What we pointed out is what we think the demand is for the December quarter, which it looks like it’s going to remain strong. But as you pointed out, the data center growth can have ebbs and flows and they don’t really kind of project out more than a few quarters. And even if they do, the accuracy that they have in that projection is not fantastic. Sometimes they say they’re going to slow down and some big corporation decides to shift to cloud and sometimes they get utilization freeze up. Sometimes a particular customer; we’re strong and may win or lose a big piece of business which then either creates an opportunity or they delay buying. It’s still I think fairly dynamic with an overall trend that they continue to absorb a massive amount of storage as indicated by the record exabyte shipment that we’ve now delivered two quarters in a row. So I think it’s not going to be perfect quarter to quarter, but I think the 12-month over 12-month trends will continue to be quite favorable as they have been for the last few years as we’ve started this shift to cloud.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thanks again.
Steve Luczo: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thank you. I appreciate the long-term gross margin guidance in the middle of the range for the full year. Just thinking about the gross margin upside this quarter, how much of that was from mixed versus the cost cutting actions that you’ve been taking? Because it seems to me that with more cost cutting to come and some rationalization in December, we should maybe be able to get some margins up into the 30% range, so wanted to see what you thought about that, and also the mix between cost cutting and mix. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I don’t really can presume that much, Sherri, I mean the mix was part of the cost cutting, in reference to the prior answer. When we made our operational adjustments it was to drive a higher capacity offering because of our technical lead. That’s the right place for us to be at. We’ll even see that on the client space. Again, it given where we’re at in terms of 1 terabyte per disc notebook and 2 terabyte on desktop transition, we’re going to get a mix advantage even within that space. So again, it’s kind of all related to where we are technically, and as we ramp these products what we think our opportunity is competitively. In terms of your second comment, we posted 29.5% and we said slight improvement, so I don’t think that’s at odds with what you just concluded.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great. And then just thinking about the calendar guidance that I think some of us were hoping for an update on this quarter, I mean if you look at the run rate, if you look at the margins, you can easily do $3.50 for calendar 2017. I think some people are thinking $4. Can you maybe give us some thoughts on your calendar expectation? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I think Dave gave most of the pieces of it and what we’re thinking for revenue. We’re not going to stay in the business of a calendar projection. We did that when people thought we were going out of business three months ago. But because we did say we’d given update, I think the missing piece to do the model you want to do is where do we think revenues are going to come in. Right now I would say that we feel that there’s going to be revenue growth year-over-year and it’s probably going to be in the mid-single digits, maybe mid-to-high single digits. That would imply, as you point out, beating that number by 40% to 50% with some head room. So if you landed in the $3.75 to $4 range I think that’s probably right, given what we can see today. But I think the good news is margins near the midpoint of the range, operating margins probably a year ahead of where we thought we were going to be, and revenue growth, which I think we’re feeling more confident that on a year-over-year basis, we’re going to see the revenue growth as well.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah of Brean Capital. Your line is now open.
Ananda Baruah: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the strong progress, by the way.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, you’re welcome. You guys must feel great about that. I guess really a quick clarification and then two from me, which are quick and related. Dave made mention of running a full capacity. I couldn’t get if you guys were already essentially there, and I thought he said something about as you go through these initiatives. So would love any context around are you there now. And then I guess the question, Steve, quickly just on the exabytes, is I would love to get your view on what you see as sort of next 12 months to 24 months, sort of exabyte growth range, any context would be helpful. Seems like there’s been an alteration. I know the comps have been easier. But it feels like there is – through our last two Qs maybe a little bit more high cast demand than you guys thought – well than the industry had been seeing previously. And then the final thing is to your comment about – collectively you guys comments about being positioned to chase demand, if you can position as you want kind of exiting this, what are the implications of chasing demand and being at basically full capacity utilization? Does it alter the context of the contract conversation? Are there capital implications from that, CapEx implications from that? Anything like that would be helpful. I know that’s a bunch. Thanks, appreciate it.
Steve Luczo: Well. Are we at capacity? As you know, in our business you only need to be at capacity on one element and you’re technically at capacity. So yes, we’re pretty much at capacity. But you got to remember, we’re at capacity with a portfolio that’s just rolling into a lot of new products. So the yield improvement potential is fairly significant. And then how we use that yield improvement in terms of where we use those extra heads and just gets very interesting as well. So where does the biggest marginal contribution occur as we free up capacity, whether or not it’s head related or disc related or test related? So yes, we’re at capacity, but it’s – this is an extremely dynamic business that as you improve yield, you get more capacity, but as you get more capacity you may then decide to use that in more drives that have more heads and discs. So we’re running the business the way we want to. Let me skip to your third question because they’re related, as you pointed out. What that means is that when we scope a business to, quote, do 40 million units per quarter, then what we go do is we task the ops team to go figure out how in the same footprint and same capital budget how to get to 50 million. So it doesn’t necessarily imply more capital per se. I think more capital would only be a function of was there some significant market opportunity; whether or not that was a spike in demand or a product opportunity from a technical leadership, which would then obviously be reflected in greater revenue growth or expanding gross margin.  So we don’t see any big change in where we run our business, and as you probably can tell we’ve been really lean on capital and we’ll continue to do so, even though we’ve had some fairly significant one-time capital events like what we’re doing in our factories to prepare for the consolidation that we identified. Exabyte growth, again, I think it’s just really important for everyone, whether or not it’s an analyst or an investor, to understand that the exabyte growth feels like it’s going to continue in this kind of 20% to 35% range on an annual basis, but that doesn’t mean every year quarter-over-quarter it’s going to go up 20%. That’s what we’ve witnessed and that’s – as I said before, it’s going to be like this until we get more diversification of the cloud service providers or as corporations start to deploy cloud like architectures that are using these super high capacity drives. So whether or not you ask me for the next year or two years or 24 months or 18 months, my answer’s kind of the same. It feels to us that the demand is going to continue for utilizing HDDs in the very highest capacity environments, and those are – that’s a great trend for us because it’s absorbing more heads and discs. It’s a way more complicated channel. It’s a way more complicated test, manufacturing tolerances are much more difficult and all of that translates into a product that has a lot higher value add. So we don’t see any shift to that fundamental thesis.
Ananda Baruah: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of…
Steve Luczo: And this will be our last one, operator, so we can end before the market opens.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele of Needham. Your line is now open.
Rich Kugele: Thank you. Just quickly, Steve, when will the Korat facility be ready to take on the capacity? And should we assume since you’re doing gross margins already in the middle of your target range that once that’s complete you can potentially get to the upper end of that range? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I guess I don’t want to necessarily say that right at this second. Again, there’s no reason kind of getting wildly speculative about being at the upper end of the range. There’s a lot of issues that go into that. I’m not sure we’ve disclosed when the Korat facility is going to be fully operational, and I’m not sure we want to from a competitive perspective. So sometime in the next six months we’re rolling into that facility.
Rich Kugele: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Okay. All right. Great. So we’re going to end the call here. Just want to thank everybody, certainly all the employees at Seagate, our suppliers, our customers, our investors and then we look forward to talking to everybody on the next quarter call. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. That does conclude today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology's Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kevin and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today in the room from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO and Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave Mosley, President and COO is connected into the call remotely and Phil Brace, President of Cloud Systems and Silicon Group is not on today's call as he is traveling. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2016 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call we'll review the highlights for the June quarter and fiscal 2016, provide the company outlook for the first fiscal quarter 2017, and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the investor section of our website. We have not reconciled our non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because material items that impact these measures are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions following our prepared remarks as time permits. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, technology and product development advancements, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning our risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the investor section of the company's website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today's call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business and the direction we will be taking with the company with respect to structure and focus, and Dave Morton will then walk through certain financial highlights and I'll close the call with our guidance for the September quarter and our general expectations for the second half of calendar 2016. For the June quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.65 billion, and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margins of 25.8%, net income of $207 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.69. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the June quarter were $443 million. Capital expenditures of $146 million for the June quarter were higher than our previous forecast due to our decision to accelerate the ramp of new products in our portfolio that utilize new tooling and equipment. In addition, we are accelerating the expansion of our Korat facility to expedite the plan manufacturing footprint reductions across many sites. For the full fiscal year, our capital expenditures were $587 million, approximately 5% of revenue and below our targeted long-term model range of 6% to 8%. We believe Seagate's June quarter results are reflective of a generally stable but relatively benign macroeconomic environment as well as an acceleration in the deployment of cloud-based storage associated with usage shifts of technologies and architectures by end users. Demand from cloud service providers was stronger than expected after several quarters of relatively modest demand from these customers. Our HDD shipments for the June quarter were 36.8 million units, representing a record 61.7 exabytes of storage. Average capacity per drive increased to a record 1.7 terabytes per drive and ASPs of $67 were a record since the Thai floods. Overall inventory levels were down 6% sequentially and within this, finished goods were down 21%. These inventory levels represent sequentially improved inventory turns and lean production schedules as we ramp our new HDD products throughout the portfolio. With respect to our cloud systems business, we are making good progress in ramping new platforms and gaining new customers offset by some demand softness from top-tier OEM and government customers. The integration of Dot Hill is complete and we will be launching converged storage platforms, including hybrid and all-flash array offerings later this fiscal year, which we believe are equal to or better than our competition. On the silicon side, we have recently introduced a number of new products including our industry-leading 2 terabyte NVMe enterprise SSD product which is getting positive customer feedback. This business is extremely competitive and we're working in construction with our key NAND partners who are enabling us to develop workload-specific and optimized products. For the fiscal year 2016, Seagate achieved revenues of $11.2 billion, and on a non-GAAP basis, net income of $684 million and diluted earnings per share of $2.26. In fiscal 2016, we shipped 233 exabytes with average capacity per drive up 29% year over year. Within these results, we shipped 70 exabytes for the business-critical product portfolio, up 28% year over year. Consistent with our expectations of the impact of the shift from client server to mobile cloud architectures, Seagate's HDD unit shipments over the last five fiscal years have decreased 15% while at the same time exabyte shipments have grown 112% and average capacity per drive has increased 133%. Applications which require higher capacity HDDs are responsible for the record demand for HDD storage. Additionally, these application trends align with the Seagate actions that are in progress to optimize utilization in our heads, media and drive-test factories. Since the majority of exabyte growth is related to high-definition streaming content where massive data ingest and sequential write operations are the key characteristics for the specific workloads, HDDs continue to be the optimal cost performance solution over any other storage device. In the nearline enterprise market, our 8 terabyte products were the fastest growing products in units and revenue within our overall HDD portfolio this quarter. We expect the market to continue to shift towards this capacity point over the next two years. Our 10 terabyte helium enterprise product is best in class for power performance and we will be shipping our 12 terabyte helium nearline enterprise test units for customer evaluation this quarter. To meet the high capacity storage requirements of the client marketplace, we have recently introduced 10 terabyte capacity points across our Guardian Series client portfolio with particular focus on the surveillance, gaming, DVR and NAS markets. Over the next several quarters, we will refresh most of our high volume capacity points in our portfolio with lower cost designs using our leadership in areal density and our improved operational footprint. Our customers will benefit from the portfolio advancements and we believe that Seagate will be in the leading competitive position as our market shifts from a low capacity, units-based demand profile to the future applications which are component rich and require aggressive technology advancement. This is particularly important as the storage market shifts from client server to mobile cloud applications and storage environments. While we expect this shift to continue to pressure PC unit volumes with HDDs, we are encouraged by the capacity needs of the remaining PC client as well as the significant growth in non-PC-client devices and applications. Assuming a relatively stable macro environment, we believe that given the continued shifts in our product revenues as well as recognizing the full impact of the significant changes in our manufacturing footprint and operating expenses, the company will achieve revenue growth, product gross margin improvements and improved profitability. I'll turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more details on these activities.
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Steve. With the shifts taking place in Seagate's business, there are a few specific areas of our financial model that were impacted in FQ4. I would like to provide further context to Steve's earlier discussion around the actions we are taking to manufacturing and operating expense levels. For the June quarter, Seagate's addressable HDD market was higher than forecast, driving benefit in our revenue and margin results for the quarter. Within this, there were specific HDD product areas where demand was stronger than our expectations, specifically for our nearline enterprise HDD products. Our 8 TB nearline enterprise products were our leading revenue SKUs as overall ACD enterprise revenue increased to 45% of our total HDD's revenue. By comparison, our PC client shipments were 25% of HDD revenue in the June quarter, reflecting the shift of client server storage environments and our strategic participation in the higher-capacity segments. We continue to make strategic decisions to not aggressively participate in certain areas of the low-capacity notebook and gaming market where the gross margin contribution does not warrant the long-term manufacturing investment. As a result, our future forecast for Seagate's HDD unit addressable market may have a variance to our competition, as we may not participate in all HDD unit sales demand in any given quarter. As we manage the shifts in our product portfolio, customer demand and changing nature of our customer base, we are continuing to align the operating model of our HDD business to optimize our manufacturing footprint and we are reducing our capital expenditures to maintenance capital requirement levels, which is expected to be less than 5% of our revenue over the next fiscal year. Through these actions, Seagate will be operating at or very near full capacity and our operating philosophy will shift to chasing demand upside versus managing excess capacity. Earlier this year, we began the process of reducing the HDD manufacturing capacity from approximately 55 million to 60 million drives per quarter to approximately 35 million to 40 million drives per quarter. The actions required will be completed within the next six to nine months. At the same time, we are continuing to accelerate the utilization of our own drive factories, internal head and media facilities. Towards our infrastructure cost alignment, in the June quarter, we implemented certain cost reduction activities and recognized approximately $80 million in pre-tax charges and additionally in July, we announced further cost reduction activities reflecting $164 million in pre-tax charges. Overall restructuring actions are proceeding as planned and we expect the financial benefit of these actions will begin to have a positive impact in the September quarter. For the June quarter we recorded a tax benefit of $16 million. This is primarily related to the release of tax reserves and changes in our deferred taxes in foreign jurisdictions, impacted by our global footprint changes. Our overall fiscal year 2016 tax expense was $26 million. While we are still formulating all of the actions we will take to address gross margins and operating profit, we believe the new high capacity and cost-advantaged products in our full HDD portfolio refresh and overall cost alignment activities we are implementing will benefit our product gross margins and overall profitability of our business over the course of the fiscal and calendar year 2017. Given current demand outlook and assuming a stable macroeconomic environment, we are confident in exceeding the minimum of $2.50 in non-GAAP earnings per share in calendar 2017 that we indicated last quarter. We recognize that we are on track to exceed this goal and will provide additional insights for calendar 2017 on our October earnings call. Cash flow from operations in the June quarter was $269 million, and for fiscal 2016, we generated $1.7 billion in cash flow from operations. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the June quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 299 million shares outstanding. Our debt structure and level of interest expense is well within our financial capabilities and reflective of our investment-grade framework given our staggered maturities and low interest expense. Due to the confidence in our cash flow generation, our board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63. There has been no change to our dividend policy, and our dividend payout of $188 million a quarter is supported by our cash flow generation forecast. I would now like to turn the call back to Steve.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave. As we manage the business in the near term, we are cognizant of the recent published earning results and related conservative guidance from a broad base of large corporations that serve the global technology industrial markets, as well as many consumer products companies. As indicated, demand for our nearline drives has accelerated from earlier in the year as cloud service providers are deploying new systems and/or replacing HDDs that are in service. We expect this demand to be relatively flat in the September quarter. We see growth in some areas of high capacity non-PC clients, specifically DVR, surveillance, NAS, and seasonal gaming demand, offset with declines in the PC-related markets as we narrow our participation in this segment. Overall, I expect demand should improve in the September quarter with our focus on high capacity opportunities for our portfolio. Based on these factors, we expect revenue growth and gross margin improvement in the September quarter. Given the dynamic nature of the technology business as well as a still tepid macroeconomic environment, we have approached our outlook cautiously. We expect to achieve revenues of at least $2.7 billion in the September quarter, with gross margins of at least 27%, and relatively flat operating expenses. We believe it's important that investors recognize the continued shift from client server to mobile cloud, and the related infrastructure and application level changes taking place in our industry. These shifts are impacting our traditional customer base, while also creating significant opportunities for core technology providers such as Seagate with an expanding customer base. The new customer base includes our traditional OEMs and distribution customers as well as significant and growing demand from cloud service providers, surveillance companies, and will likely include corporate demand in the not-too-distant future. As a result of these changes in product demand and customer base, we have experienced shifts in our traditional seasonal demand patterns. Cyclicality associated with cloud infrastructure buildout can now override seasonality, and this has implications for investors' expectations and management of our company resources. While the overall shift in technology deployment and related growth in data science applications is quite favorable for the HDD industry on a moving annual average, the rate of growth for storage demand in the near term will likely fluctuate quarter to quarter as major systems installations either aggressively deploy or absorb capacity. As we analyze these trends, we are considering that these changes in customer buying patterns and capacity utilization may be better reflected in annual guidance planning for investors. We will discuss this possibility with our investors over the next few months. In addition, we continue to implement actions to align our manufacturing footprint and operating expense investment with market demand. These actions, as well as the product portfolio introductions previously discussed, should result in continued gross margin and operating margin improvement over the near term. Should there be improvement in the overall macroeconomic conditions, we would expect to see improved HDD unit demand across all markets with commensurate benefits to the company's financial performance. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we can now open it up for questions and answers.
Operator: Our first question comes from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Just thinking about the restructuring actions you've taken, you've taken a number of actions over the past quarter. Are you done with the restructuring actions? And how should we think about OpEx as we move beyond the September quarter? Should we start to see that trend down because of the actions, or is it still going to stay about flat?
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're not done. And in terms of OpEx, I think for the next one or two quarters, it'll be relatively in this range, Sherri, and then it should reduce afterwards.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I know you said you'd comment on the $2.50 in October, but it seems like at least at these levels, you're well ahead of that $2.50. Do you have any thoughts for what the earnings power could be as we move into fiscal 2017 and calendar 2017?
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're starting to get a sense of it, and to your point, obviously we're confident that the $2.50 will be exceeded. I think until we start kind of getting a better sense on some of these demand patterns on the CSPs, we just want to get a little more data under our belt before we give you a more specific number. But to your point, we're confident that it'll be materially different than $2.50 a share.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kugele with Needham.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. First, congratulations on the balance sheet. It's good to see those turns. Just in terms of your comment about cyclicality overcoming seasonality, that's interesting. When you look at the cloud service provider market, do you find that they tend to be more accurate if you look at it over six months versus a quarter? And also, about the qual cycle there, do you see the 10 terabyte and other high capacity products like that getting qualified quicker in the future? And would that help improve the visibility as well as you move out to 12 and other terabytes? Thanks.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'd say that the visibility over a year by quarter isn't great, Rich. I mean I think they have a decent sense of what they think they need in terms of capacity deployment on an annual basis, but when it breaks down to quarter to quarter, I think given the nature of the customers, many of them aren't actually witnessing centralized perspective of demand. So there's a bunch of BUs that are deploying, and a lot of those BUs actually buy on their own. Some of them go to a centralized deployment; some of them don't. So you can't think of these big CSPs necessarily as holistically planning capacity for every one of their application sets, because a lot of those business units within those companies are on their own cycles and maybe it gets aggregated, maybe it doesn't, depending on the customer. So I think they're all learning. I think what's going to drive the better visibility is just the lead time associated with these products, and we've already seen it with the ATB. As you know, the wafer cycle times on the heads are longer than the quarter and then the test times are three weeks on top of that. So you're well outside of a quarter in terms of lead time. So if you don't do a great job of your capacity planning in advance of a quarter as a CSP, and you don't have excess capacity, you're going to be somewhat constrained, especially as they move into these spaces where they could see big step function changes in demand, i.e., they pick up a big corporate customer that's going to a huge cloud-based installation of applications, let's say. If they don't have the capacity in place, they can't take that business. My guess is if they miss one piece of business like that once, all of a sudden the planning's going to get a lot better. And we've seen that. Those trends are starting where you have these Fortune 50 or even Fortune 20 companies that are now making big moves to the cloud. And that puts on basically sometimes pressure of, we need a whole new data center. And this is the beginning of the trend, not even the middle or the end game. So we expect a lot more of that. So the lead time, and the lead times of course with the 10 terabyte are longer and the 12 terabyte are long just because against the complexity of the technology. So your process content is way higher and of course, the test time is way higher. So I think in general, their views aren't bad on a looking out over 12 month basis. It's just their quarter to quarter visibility is still developing. In terms of 8s, 10s, 12s, we think the 8s are going to be around for a long time. It's super high performance and very lost cost product for us. 10 TB, we certainly have customers that are taking the drive. We don't know that we see a huge uptick in 10 TB just because you're only picking up 2 terabytes and it costs a lot more right now. Maybe as the two companies get up the yield curve and bring cost down, we'll see an acceleration of the deployment. That's what we noticed on ATB, that once you got up the yield curve and in our case, because we have a disk and two heads less, we were able to hit cost points that really accelerated the replacement of 4s and 6s with 8s. So whether or not it's 10 or maybe 12 where you pick up 50% more capacity or frankly, maybe even 16 where it's I'm doubling capacity in that same real estate, it'll be interesting to see where that transition happens. I think the important thing is to make sure from a Seagate perspective that we're leading in areal density and we continue to deliver that in our products. And whenever the customers decide they want that product, we'll be there with it.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks. And, Dave, just on the free cash flow, if you fast forward nine, 12 months, are you confident in the company's ability to generate $1.5 billion type of cash flow?
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. I think what we've laid out with a lot of our restructuring activity as well as where we're just relying and defaulting on maintenance capital and how that has come down compared to previous years, the trajectory that we're on would suggest that number.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much. Take care.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks you for taking the questions. And hey, congrats getting the confluence of these actions to come together pretty quickly in a nice way. Steve, just a couple for me real quick. I just love your context around second half, specifically second half CSP cycles. Sounds like you saw a little bit of a greater than expected pickup in June. How long do you expect that to last? And then we'd just love your current thoughts around kind of the longer term normalized exabyte growth. And I'll actually squeeze my last one in. Just any thoughts you have on September Q TAM. That's it for me. Thanks.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah again, the CSP influence on the overall business is a little tricky just because like we witnessed in this quarter, can be so kind of significant. And when they do start buying, they tend to start buying for longer periods of times, two, three, four quarters. That really hasn't been modeled into our expectations. We'd rather kind of see the whites of their eyes before we make that call. We can say that July started off quite strong and the demand seems to be fairly solid. But as I think most of the analysts know, typically the September quarter is a back-end weighted quarter. And if we overlay the back-end weighted quarter on what we've seen so far, it kind of doesn't make sense to us. So we've been a bit cautious and then we'll see what happens with that demand. And again, I think until that customer base diversifies a bit more and we get I think more data around what happens month to month in addition to quarter to quarter, it's probably better for us just to be cautious about what we see and then be smarter as we move forward. What was the second question?
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: The annual.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I still think the annual demand for storage is still probably more defined by available capacity than it is real demand. I mean again, if you take population growth times connected devices times richness of content, it gets you easily to three or four zettabytes by 2020, which would imply kind of 30% to 35% annual growth in storage. And I still think that's really kind of what the demands is, and the question is can the HDD industry or the NAND industry for that matter invest to those levels of capital or not. And we'll see. It's pretty tight though, given the budgets that people have deployed or the fabs that are lined up. But I still think you're seeing exabyte demand that's well in excess of areal density demand, so in that sense we view it as demand's outstripping supply. And then of course the packaging requirements are moving to more high capacity, so more heads and disks per units, but units probably flattening out. But from an absorption perspective for Seagate, making heads and disk or because the process content is so much higher or the test content is so much higher, that's a really good trend for us.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: Thank you. And just real quickly, September Q TAM thoughts.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In terms of unit TAM?
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: Unit TAM, yeah.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we're not actually that focused on unit TAM. Again, we're more focused on exabyte. We've heard the 110 million number from our competitor, and on the face of it, that probably seems reasonable. That's not probably a TAM we see visibility to, because we're not participating in the low end of that segment and there's obviously a lot of units there, especially in the gaming market. But it doesn't seem unreasonable to us.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: Thanks for all the context. Appreciate it.
Stephen James Luczo - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, market's opening so we should probably wrap it up, everyone. We appreciate your support and thanks to our employees, our customers, our suppliers, and we'll talk to you in three months. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - VP, IR Steve Luczo - Chairman & CEO Dave Mosley - President, Operations & Technology Dave Morton - EVP & CFO Phil Brace - President, Cloud Systems & Silicon Group
Analysts: Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Aaron Rakers - Stifel
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Christy and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO, Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology and Phil Brace, President, Cloud Systems and Silicon Group. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our third fiscal quarter 2016 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the quarter, provide the company outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter 2016 and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that timeframe. As a reminder this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. In addition to my usual commentary I have extended the prepared remarks for today's call and I have asked the management team to cover a few aspects of our business as it relates to the March quarter and the position of the company moving forward. We will discuss some of the actions we are taking to align with near-term market realities and to improve the company's profitability and cash flow.  First I will cover the high-year level trends I have seen from customers and provide information as the direction we will be taking with the company with respect structure and focus. Dave Morton will then walk through certain financial metrics. Kate Mosley will cover the HDD business particularly with respect to our revolving product portfolio and our close recalls our guidance for the June quarter and our general expectations for the second half of calendar 2016.  For the March quarter Seagate achieved revenues of $2.6 billion and a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 23%, net income of $66 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.22. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the March quarter were $39 million reflecting cost controls on lower variable compensation. Overall inventory levels were down 11% sequentially and ended at the lowest cost of finished goods excluding the flood since June 2010.  Capital Expenditures of $95 million were in line with our expectations. We believe Seagate's March quarter results are reflective of a generally weak macroeconomic environment as well as accelerating usage shifts of technologies and architectures by end users. Our HDD shipments for the March quarter were $39.2 million units and 55.6 Exabyte's reflecting a seasonally lower than expected overall. In the March quarter we initiated targeted pricing increases across our product line. And we were successful in some areas and unsuccessful in other. We continue to believe the industry needs a stable pricing environment to deliver the higher level of requirements being placed on our products and to realize the value we are providing to the market. As a result we will continue to pursue a pricing strategy that reduces and properly reflects the investment in technology the market requires.  We experienced particular weakness in the client desktop as well as the enterprise legacy markets, adding strength in the enterprise cloud markets. Overall average capacity per drive was 1.4 Terabytes up 30% year-over-year and within this near line cloud average capacity per cloud was 3.9 Terabytes up 25% year-over-year.  On a year-over-year basis unit shipments were down 22% while the Exabyte's shipped were up 2%. The decrease in the unit temp in our markets percent challenges for Seagate that will requires alignment to operational preference and pressures the overall HDD supply chain. Especially for suppliers that are supplying one part per drive. However, we are encouraged by the trend towards significantly higher average capacity per rive applications which result in great absorption and heads this in favor HDD storage device now and in the foreseeable future in terms of costs as a function of required performance.  The continued advancement and adaptation of mobile and cloud based computing architectures is reflected in the revenue shifts we are seeing in our portfolio. Our long term business thesis continues to be that there will be a significant transition in the HDD from a historical split. Revenue split of 60% client and 40% enterprise revenue to 40% client and 60% enterprise revenue over the next several years.  We also expect that the average capacity per drive will increase in all markets. Most important to our product positioning and related investments is not just the mix between client enterprise and the mix shift within these markets. In the client's base, we expect to continue decline in PC shipments that we anticipate to moderate in the next year. PC HDDs now represent about 56% of Seagate client revenue and approximately 30% of total company revenue.  While overall PC HDD client revenues is declining the remaining share is dominated by high capacity products which will continue to increase with the new product offerings that we have started to introduce in the June quarter. we are starting to see our client business shift to consumer, surveillance, gaming and DVR markets which are all high capacity user environments which I believe over the next several quarters this growth will result in these combined markets being greater than the traditional PC compute market today.  As an example our consumer business revenues as a percentage of total client revenues have grown 6% in the last 12 months whereas PC revenue as a percentage of total client revenues has declined 6%. This is consistent with our belief that reducing the amount of storage on certain client devices propagated to another location. In the enterprise market, revenue mix continues to trend from the legacy mission critical to near line car market.  In the March quarter we experienced unexpected weakness for a legacy mission critical HDDs which were approximately 700,000 units below our forecast. While it's difficult to attribute the enterprise mission critical between macroeconomic factors and architectural shifts we expect further declines in the mission critical markets in June quarter and then decline should moderate over the quarters thereafter.  This mission critical weakness in the March quarter was offset by near line cloud upside demand of more than 500,000 units over which we could only deliver 350,000 additional units due to the long wait time as required to fulfill demand. Importantly in the March quarter the average capacity per drive for the mission critical HDDs that came out of our forecast versus the average capacity of ATB to 8 Terabytes of near line HDD outside the demand we saw reflected the shifts in Exabyte's of almost 6:1.  Demand signals from our near line customers has improved over the last few weeks and we are planning for our fourth consecutive quarter of high demand for HR Byte portfolio and initial volume shipments our 10 Terabyte Helium HDD product. As a result of these trends as well as input from our major cloud customers we believe that these shifts from legacy to cloud for enterprise applications has accelerated in the last 6 months and is now complementing the cloud storage generated by consumer applications.  As we managed the shifts in our product portfolio demand and changing the nature of our customer base we are aligning the operating model of our HDD business to optimize our manufacturing preference and we are reducing our capital expenditure to maintenance capital requirement levels. Through these actions Seagate will be operating at very near full capacity in our operating capacity to our shift in chasing demand upside versus managing excess capacity.  In the March quarter we began the process of reducing our HDD manufacturing capacity from approximately $55 million to $60 million drives per quarter to approximately $35 million to $40 million drives per quarter. The actions required will be completed within the next 6 to 9 months. At the same time we are continue to accelerate the utilization of our own drive factories internal head and media facilities.  For fiscal 2016 total capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $535 million down approximately 28% over fiscal year 2015. For fiscal year 2017 assuming current outlook on demand we are targeting an additional reduction in spending reflecting a very low maintenance capital plan of approximately $400 million. In addition we will continue operating expense management across the company that aligns with the market trends.  We believe that given the shifts in our product revenues above as well as recognizing the full impact in our management changes and our manufacturing footprint and operating expenses, the company will see revenue growth, product gross margin improvements and improved profitability assuming relatively stable macro environment. Dave Morton and Dave Mosley will go into more details on these activities and I will turn the call over to Dave Morton now. 
Dave Morton : Thanks, Steve. With the shifts taking place in Seagate's business there a few specific areas in our financial model that were impacted in Q3. I would like to provide details in these conditions to provide further context to Steve's earlier discussion around the actions we are taking manufacturing and operating expense levels.  For the March quarter the addressable HDD and cloud storage systems markets were lower than forecast impacting our revenue results for the quarter. Within this there were specific HDD product areas where demand fell short of our expectations including traditional mission critical HDD enterprise products and desktop client's products in China. In addition we made strategic decisions to not aggressively participate in certain areas of the low capacity notebook market.  In our systems in Silicon business we experienced weaker than expected demands across most of the product lines. The lowered and forecasted HDD demand impacted our production levels and increased our factory absorption costs. We also aggressively managed our finished goods in the quarter and improved our inventory levels by approximately a $180 million. This reduction in inventory negatively impacted our factory utilization.  Combined these factors were the primary reasons that our product gross margins declining approximately 290 basis points sequentially to approximately 23% with 80 basis points impact from the HDD revenue shortfall, 70 basis points from the systems and silicon business revenue shortfall and 140 basis points from factory underutilization. While we are disappointed we did not anticipate the weaker demand in the March quarter. The company is evaluating and implementing a variety of actions to reduce the company's cost structure which will result in financial improvements over the next level months.  Towards our infrastructure cost alignments and fiscal Q3 alone we implemented certain cost reduction activities and recognized approximately $90 million in onetime restructuring charges right off of certain fixed assets, certain terminated contracts and discontinued inventory. We are currently sizing future non-reoccurring restructuring cash charges that we are estimating will be approximately $150 million over the next several quarters. We anticipate having more detailed actions identified within 60 days and we will expect that the financial benefits of these actions will begin to have a positive impact in the September quarter with the full benefit occurring in calendar 2017.  As we formalize the specific actions and timing of cost savings we will continue to provide updates to this framework. While we are formulating all of the actions we will take to address gross margins and operating profits, we believe the overall cost of alignment activities we will implement will benefit our product gross margins and overall profitability of our business with the goal of achieving a minimum of $2.50 in non-GAAP earnings per share in calendar 2017.  For the March quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were approximately $439 million slightly lower than forecasted. Looking ahead our expenses in the June quarter will be relatively flat with additional cost reductions in plan for FY 2017. Cash flow from operations in the March quarter was $205 million and free cash flow was a $110 million. Fiscal year today we have generated $1.4 billion in cash flow from operations. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 298 million shares outstanding.  Our debt structure and level of interest expense s manageable. As announced today the board has approved our quarterly dividend payment of $0.63. There has been no change in the dividend policy and our dividend payout of $188 million a quarter is recorded by our cash flow generation forecast albeit at a higher payout ratio than previously stated as our objective.  I will turn over the call to Dave Mosley to cover our HDD business in more detail. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Dave. Beginning with the near line product lines are 8 Terabyte business critical products continues aggressive volume ramp and we have been essentially sold out for the month of March and April. We have had over 200% volume growth of 8 Terabyte in the March quarter and we anticipate continued growth in the June quarter. In addition our 10 Terabyte product lines shipped a large volume of qualification units in the March quarter and our volume growth is accelerating in the June quarter as well.  We believe our 10 Terabyte product to be leading in all performance and power metrics and we are very happy with the feedback from our customers and our qualifications. In the client space as Steve sad the PC market continued to decline in Q3 and we began end of life activity on some of the older 500 Gigabyte and below products that have very low margins. Most of the margin cost benefits of these products will be realized over the next few quarters.  In the March quarter we began the ramp of our 1 Terabyte and 2 Terabyte 7 mm 2.5 inch product line for our consumer notebook and DVR customers. This new product line allows us to address the target markets with lower costs and improved value proposition for our customers. Qualifications have gone well with customer interest high and we anticipate shipping several million units in the June quarter.  Initially the product will be a consumer offering moving to OEM offering in September and December and we believe we will competitive technology through the end of the calendar year. We are also accelerating the application of these same technologies into our lines for surveillance as DVR at the end of the calendar year.  The mission critical market served by our 10,000 and 15,000 RPM products has been declining over the last few quarters and we have seen traditional trends of approximately 8 million to 8.5 million units per quarter decline to approximately 6.5 million to 7 million units in the March quarter. Within the mission critical market approximately 25% of the volumes are 15,000 RPM HDDs. This is the primary area where we are seeing a shift in low end servers to lower capacity flash SSDs and we expect it to continue.  In 10,000 RPM HDD there has been some technology shift happening as well however we believe that market will have a much longer transition horizon. Our goal over the coming months is to manage our forecasting conservatively with mission critical TAM decline in the June quarter potentially leveling to modest decline in the back half of the years. Over the long term we believe the technology shifts in the market will report our complimentary investment thesis of flash ware performance and driving HDD for architecture.  Shifting our HDD build volumes to our higher capacity offerings will allow us to simplify our wafer requirements and optimize our product portfolio which will not need further product refreshes for some time. Improved utilization of our own factories properly for the market demand will improve our costs considerably. We realize our non-depreciation related fixed costs are high competitively and also too high for current demands.  These cost items will be addressed sooner than those related to the manufacturing footprint. There are also mini costs related to the product transitions that while temporarily driving a higher cost profile will also us to improve our cost footprint in FY 2017. With respect to the shift of the higher capacity products we do need to be mindful of longer lead times and supply chain management for these products. By engaging directly with the broader customer base and establishing deeper channel partnerships we believe we will improve our sales operation efficiency and forecast.  Thanks now I will turn the call back over to Steve. 
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Dave. Given the recent published earning results and the related conservative guidance from a broad base of large corporations that serve the global technology and industrial markets we are planning for season declines and revenue in June quarter for most of the markets we serve with the exception of near line markets.  Based on these factors as well as our decision of not to participate in the GPC client market we expect to achieve revenues of approximately $2.3 billion in the June quarter with relatively flat gross margins and operating expenses. We continue to expect the demand in the second half of calendar year 2016 will be stronger than the first half with positive seasonal trends and continued growth in near line demand offset somewhat by macro-economic pressures. With this anticipated revenue growth as well as the actions we are taking to align our manufacturing footprint our operating expense, gross margins and profitability will improve in the second half of 2016.  Should there be improvements in the macro economic conditions we should expect to see HDD unit across all markets with commensurate benefits to the company's performance. Thank you for joining us on the call today and we can now open it up for questions and answers. 
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Rich Kugele of Needham & Company. Your line is open. 
Rich Kugele: Thank you, good morning, in terms of the restructuring Steve you talked about getting to something around $2.50 should we assume something revenue wise lower first before it can start to grow again as you realign those lines, $35 million to $40 million units of capacity, you would assume you are probably exiting quite a few categories?
Steve Luczo: I think the capacity issue also relates to the amount of outsourced drives we have Rich, so in the second half of the year we expect revenue growth for the guide for June and we would expect that to continue through 2017 so the adjustments manufacturing of where we taking our internal capacity which was under absorbed and taking production inside which was basically additional under absorption but that was the non-operating fix costs or the cost of the factories themselves so there is a double effect of what happens once we bring the drives in as well to reduce our overall footprint.  But we would expect to counter your 2017 revenues other than seasonal decline from December to March should continue to grow assuming the macro condition is stable in part because the portfolio also gets a lot stronger with the 1 TB and 2.5 and the 2 TB which are then products which are highly competitive and we believe at least six months ahead of the competition and capacity better much more relevant to us than the clients base. 
Rich Kugele: Okay. And then just to understand the difference from moving from mission critical to high capacity can you just expand the gross margin dollar impact and the technology, investments required to go and do that. Is it similar R&D investments, any thoughts about that?
Steve Luczo: Let me just give a general trend and then you can talk about the R&D side. In general the gross profit dollars is the same which is why losing 700,000 units but picking up 350,000 the gross margin percentages are about the same and once you reach the crossover point where we can either meet the upside demand or naturally exceed or whatever erosion continues in mission critical and like I said, its' really hard to understanding mission critical right now, is it being driven by macro or flashes or certain segments of that.  And maybe the macros even accelerating the incursion of flash, it doesn't really matter; it's not going to reverse itself so we are preparing for the continued decline of the 15K segment. But as Dave indicated the 10K segment from our customer input will remain intact for a number of quarters if not for a number of years. I think it's more about managing the investment in the portfolio forward and then obviously again adjusting the manufacturing footprint so you are keeping pace and are a little bit ahead of the decline so all sold out versus having excess capacity. Dave will talk to you in more detail
Dave Morton: From a R&D perspective Rich it's fairly applicable you can move the technologies where it's headed, media technology is over at the money market segment. Other as Steve commented and I won't elaborate too much. The speed of the shift last quarter was really high demand with the cloud product and the following demand for the mission critical price were more a factory reaction than time issue anything. 
Rich Kugele: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
SherriScribner: Thank you. The cash flow number came in a little bit this quarter obviously with gross margins coming down. I wanted to get your sense about how your thinking your uses of cash going forward, how will the cash cost related to some of these restructuring actions impact you, are you still committed to the dividend, is there a plan to buy back shares considering shares have come back and do you have plans to buy back any of your debt which is trading at a discount to par?
Dave Mosley: Hi Sherri, this is Dave. As we think about heading back into the year. Obviously first and foremost we are going to invest in business ourselves. As we stated and looked around these onetime costs, restructuring cash charge specifically around the $150 million, we think that is very manageable over a generation and what we are able to yield here again over the next 6 month to 9 months and then as far as the dividend we think that is well manageable albeit at the higher end of those payout ratios and obviously up to the board of directors. With that said we feel that the very defendable against what we are able to generate moving forward. 
Steve Luczo: I think in the near future Sherri meaning the next 6 months to 12 months the consideration clearly go invest in the business because we do feel we have technology and product leads as long as the macro environment stays like it is with the product execution. We feel pretty good about the company's position competitively. And then in terms of what we will do with the cash flow, I think defending the dividend is the first we would do and would certainly like to keep the dividend level where it is.  Initially obviously where the payout ratios are involved 30% and 50% as we had indicated but if the company is growing into that and improving revenues and margins, certainly we will put the company in position where the board has easier decision to make or the other way around. I think in terms of buy backs whether it's debt or equity, for the near term we will probably not reduce the cash or probably if there is excess cash we would keep it on the balance sheet, just in case the macro situation turns on us as we had more confidence about 2017 outlook. And again the success of our products, we would evaluate that in terms of best use of it beyond dividend or going on balance sheet. 
SherriScribner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Aaron Rakers of Stifel. Your line is open. 
AaronRakers: Thank you for taking the questions. Steve I was curious in past you have talked about returning to the 27% plus gross margin or the analyst they even talked about 27% or 32% on top of that you talked about 13% to 15% operating expense derivative. Understand there are a lot of things going on and realignments, when are you able to give back into that target model at this point?
Steve Luczo: Yes, we talked about was it worth guessing right now to provide you some guidance on that and I think I would prefer just for us to get through this next 60 days of really understanding to the changes we are going to be making to the operational footprint and investments because the reality is depending upon which decisions we make there is different timing. Some of the things we can get after right away is mostly mentioned but others are really a function of product transitions, customer call issue, regulatory issues etcetera so I think this is probably not worth guessing at this point and as we get more clarity on that specific actions we will get back to you.  The question is do we still get back in that range in a reasonable period of time the answer is yes, we can get ourselves back into the range. But we want to just get little more work done before we give you an idea of when that's going to happen in this quarter. We rather do a little more work before we lay that out for you. 
AaronRakers: And Steve what gives you confidence that the mission critical business declined to the June quarter but then seems to stabilize into the back half of the year and going forward. It seems that there's not that much visibility there given the moving parts of macro and obviously the element of flash. 
Steve Luczo: Yes our feeling based on customer input was that the economics mostly talking to the application shift Aaron so the macro stuff I am not going to speculate on, if it gets worse than obviously all these markets will be under pressure. If it gets better all get a little bit reprieve.  But it feels like the trend of where mission critical 15K is being taken out the point of exposure in 10K is in for now, maybe not for a while based on customer effects. So, our point is that as the transition to some point stabilizes and this probably happens in the second half of the calendar year. 
AaronRakers: Okay. 
Steve Luczo: Great. Everyone, thanks for taking the time today. And we look forward to talking next quarter and thanks for all your support as well to our customers and suppliers and most importantly our employees. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays' program. This concludes today's program and you can disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President of Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Dave Mosley - President of Operations and Technology Dave Morton - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Phil Brace - President of Cloud Systems and Silicon Group
Analysts: Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Rich Kugele - Needham & Co. Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Aaron Rakers - Stifel Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital Jayson Noland - Baird
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal second quarter 2016 financial results conference call. My name is Abigail and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO, Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology and Phil Brace, President, Cloud Systems and Silicon Group. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our second fiscal quarter 2016 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the quarter, provide the company outlook for the third fiscal quarter 2016 and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures on our supplemental information available on the Investor section of our website. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that timeframe. As a reminder this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. Our second fiscal quarter results reflect in line performance in revenues and margins and outperformance on the committed cost control measures. For the December quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $3 billion and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 25.6%, net income of $246 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.82. Our HDD exabyte shipments for the December quarter were 60.6 exabytes, up 10% sequentially. Within this, enterprise exabyte shipments were up 21% sequentially, reflecting strong demand for our high-capacity enterprise products. Average capacity per enterprise drive was a new record of 2.2 terabytes, up 15% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the December quarter were $453 million. On a year-over-year basis, we have reduced a quarterly expense run rate by almost $100 million or 17% reflecting reductions around the core business, adjacencies, restructuring activities and lower variable compensation. Overall inventory levels were down 5% with improved linearity and capital expenditures were in line with our expectations. Cash flow from operations in the December quarter was $382 million and free cash flow was $245 million, equating to free cash flow of $0.81 per diluted share. Fiscal year to-date, we have generated $1.2 billion in cash flow from operations and forecast cash flow from operations to be approximately $500 million for the March quarter. Our capital returned to shareholders remains a top priority at Seagate and we continue to balance the effective investment in our storage technology portfolio with shareholder returns and within an investment grade framework. There has been no change to our capital allocation policy and our dividend payout of $188 million a quarter works comfortably within our cash flow generation forecast. We have redeemed 23 million shares fiscal year to-date and considering the macro economic empowerment and investor sentiment, we view the stock as being attractive at these levels. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the quarter with $1.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 296 million shares outstanding. Our debt structure and level of interest expense is manageable, particularly in light of whatever technology companies have done and/or are planning to do in the public markets. Seagate is focused on maximizing our opportunities in areas of the storage market that will position us to grow our topline, optimize the value of our core technology, continue to generate strong cash flow and create value for shareholders. Our specific areas of near-term activity for Seagate's management team are around our product portfolio monetization, operational efficiencies and continued financial discipline. Throughout the decades of storage technology innovation at Seagate, we have maintained a high priority on investing in R&D and acquiring the right assets to provide the most reliable, cost-effective and workload optimized storage products for customers. Market demand for storages across multiple forms and locations, including on-premise for performance, in the cloud for availability and directly on purpose built and market devices. We have many new products designed for these different workloads, including HDDs, cloud systems and flash technology products. In the nearline market, we have begun the initial ramp of our 10 terabyte Helium product and we are shipping our eight terabyte conventional products in high volume. We continue to believe high capacity enterprise demand will grow in calendar 2016 and our portfolio improvements position us well for full participation in this market. Surveillance and video applications are growing rapidly and they are seeing strong demand for our products specifically designed for these workloads. Our retail, gaming and client offerings are continuing to move to higher capacity points and are benefiting from the recent launch of products with industry leading areal density. In October, we acquired Dot Hill Systems for our cloud systems business and later in the quarter, the divestiture sale of EVault was announced. We believe this strategy positions us to leverage a broader storage systems and all flash array portfolio across a more focused set of storage OEM customers and channel partners. In addition, our ClusterStor high-performance compute end-to-end system solutions continue to gain traction in a high performance compute market and we are excited about several vertical market opportunities we are targeting with our channel partners. We recently announced products at the Supercomputing 15 show. That included a workload optimization HPC drive, emphasizing our direction to create solutions using all elements of Seagate's portfolio. Seagate's flash technology product portfolio has grown significantly over the last two years and includes enterprise SAS SSDs, PCIe accelerator cards, SATA controllers, all flash arrays and hybrid HDDs. In December, we had strong quarter in our PCIe business and we announced sampling of or PCIe and VME product set. Our enterprise SAS SSD qualification activities continue to be on track and are in evaluations with multiple customers. Combined, we are planning for our cloud storage systems and silicon business to exit fiscal year 2016 at a revenue run rate of over $1 billion a year. This will position us for continued success and profitability in fiscal year 2017, as several areas of these markets are projected to grow double digits over the next few years. Through the expansion of our HDD portfolio and new business adjacencies, we are having success in broadening our global hyperscale customer base and strengthening our channel partners. To best serve our customers and improve operational efficiencies within our marketplace and functions, we announced in January the alignment of our global markets and customers organization under Dave Mosley. We thank Rocky Pimental for his leadership of our sales and marketing organization and we will continue to benefit from his strategic insights in his role as an Executive Vice President. Personally, I am looking forward to working with our executive team over the next several years as we continue to lead Seagate in serving growing global customer base, expanding our storage portfolio, striking our competitive position and optimizing our business for continued financial performance. Turning to our business outlook. In the last several quarters, we have discussed our concerns over global economic conditions, particularly in Europe and China, which have proven accurate and we believe will persist at least through June this calendar year. While we are cognizant of the ongoing challenges of the macroeconomic environment, the IT transformational shifts presents significant opportunities for us to continue to be a leader in core storage technology and deliver value to shareholders. As we align our storage product portfolio to capitalize upon these market dynamics, our revenue opportunities are shifting with hyperscale customers continuing to drive strong exabyte growth with capital expenditure compounded annual growth rates of 40%. At the same time, our exposure to the traditional PC client market is changing and now represents less than 35% of total revenue. In light of these macro conditions and technology shifts, we took purposeful and thoughtful action last year to reduce our operating expenses and evaluated areas where investments were not paying off, resulting in measurable operating expense reduction and cost control implementation across our business. Taking into account macroeconomic factors, we believe overall storage market demand will be seasonally down in the March quarter which has ranged between 5% and 10% over the last five years. We are planning for revenues to be approximately $2.7 billion, which reflects the high end of the seasonal demand trend and operating expenses to be sequentially flat. We are forecasting cash flow from operations for the March quarter to be sequentially higher at approximately $500 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP gross margins will be sequentially flat in the March quarter and ongoing activities that will improve our profitability, including raising prices in certain markets, aggressive product transitions and internal and external supply chain optimization such as reducing manufacturing capacity. Based on these factors and expected growth in the nearline storage market, we still expect that our gross margins will be in our target range of 27% to 32% for the June quarter. I would like to thank our customers, suppliers and employees for their continued support as well as our shareholders and are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to dig a little bit into the gross margin improvement. You guys did a good job on managing that this quarter. How much of that was driven by the ramp of your eight terabyte drives and a more positive mix in your business? And how much of that was related to cost reduction actions?
Dave Mosley: Hi, Sherri. We are taking aggressive cost reduction actions, but the ramp of the nearline products and re-equilibrating versus what we saw in Q1 was pretty substantial. Nearline went up about 11% in exabytes quarter-over-quarter. That's 18% year-over-year and a lot of that is being driven by sixes and eights moving hard and we will continue that into this quarter as well. So it's pretty profound there.
Sherri Scribner: And then maybe could I ask a quick question on the capacity business and the hyperscale business. How do you see that ramping over with the year? I know that you have talked about strong build plans from the cloud providers, but I wanted to get a sense of what you are seeing now? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: We still believe that some of the cloud service providers are in hold back mode. There is lot of diversity in the Tier 2 buildout, but there are still people there with their capital budgets that are fairly conservative through this time. So we do see that in the back half of this year, some of them will come back into, not only scale out but also refresh of their existing data centers as well.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Sherri, just to further point out what Dave said, so the cost actions really in terms of how they impact COGS are really in the quarters to come more so than the improvement in the last quarter. That was more related, again, to mix and introducing some of these new products that are higher traction on the eight TB, but I think in terms of the margin improvement we see going forward we are pretty encouraged by what we see in terms of the cost actions related to capacity and supply chain optimization that will impact COGS going through rest of the calendar year.
Sherri Scribner: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Co. Your line is open.
Rich Kugele: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations actually in a tough environment. Maybe first, let's take a bigger picture view. With all the puts and takes competitively, some people are concerned about the overall drive business health. What do you see now competitively with the Seagate/WD transaction? And even the potential Toshiba's exit in the space? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Well, I guess a couple of answers, Rich. I think in terms of the macro view on the industry, I still think the investing world is not quite grasping. The transition is around where storage is being stored. It's locale of the storage, just not the amount of what's being stored that's basically shifting and those are architectural implications. And architectural implications are actually enhancing the application. So it's feeding off of one another, but from every source of data that we have, we still have 95% to 98% of your bits are ultimately being stored on a disk drive or more. As you know, cloud infrastructures usually replicate. So even though there is a reduced number of drives being in the client, the data being generated by the client is still ultimately stored on a disk drive. And as it turns out, it's exactly stored in a disk drive that is harder to make and takes more absorption in the factories in terms of number of heads and disk and the content in those heads and disk is quit a bit higher. So, from a manufacturer's perspective, it's a good thing because you are getting more absorption. That being said, there is a lot of growth in the silicon related pieces of the business, not at the expense of the HDD business per se and that's an area that we are serious about obviously. We are building what we think is a very good business, both at the systems level and the device level. And it stands what we do with HDDs as well as how we incorporate various levels of silicon, all way up to all-flash arrays and other devices. So we like the overall storage business and we particularly like the fact that we think that the HDD business itself is going to benefit from the continued trend of more people being more connected, generating richer content. So I think, to that point, when you look at the competitive aspects, the WD, SanDisk transaction is interesting on one level that it certainly is a huge endorsement of the HDD industry, because in order to pay back anywhere from $20 billion to $30 billion over seven to 10 years just for the debt, that has to come from the HDD business, because the flash business obviously has its own capital needs that are becoming more substantial because the technology shift they are facing. So I think that's a big endorsement of, if WD can generate $20 billion, $30 billion over 10 years just to pay back debt and then you have to do capital and things on top of it, that sounds like a pretty good industry. And it's an industry that we think we are ahead technically, but if you want to say we are equal, that's fine. But it's also one that we are entirely focused now and we are not be cutting R&D. And so when I look at the transaction, I do think it's tough to 40 times earnings for a company and finance it all with debt. I do think that the interest expense on that transaction is obviously 2X what it should have been or what was maybe expected to be six months ago. And it fell to us, like the operating expense reduction side of $1 billion were aggressive in light of the fact there is only $4 billion of OpEx to begin with and we have always viewed WD as a pretty lean organization. So to say that there is $1 billion coming out of that business, that may be true but then some of it has got to be coming out of R&D. And that's not what we are doing. And so we believe investing in your core technology when at the product level and then on top of it there is this technology shift that as it does relate to our silicon business, we want to make sure that we have access to the best silicon technology and as we stack up the various players, you have Samsung as the clear leader, both in terms of capital and technology. They have announced their third fab, $17 billion, thank you, in 3D. Hynix is doing great in 3D and we have good dialogue with them. Micron and Intel, leading with 3D XPoint. And 3D XPoint, of course Micron is a planar technology company as well. So we think our engagement with those companies which is quite active provides us access to the technology that we need to pursue our silicon strategy. And we do think that the recent shift in Toshiba's position on what they can do with planar does raise questions of how are they going to compete with companies that have two to 10 times the capital budgets. So we feel pretty good about the industry and we certainly feel about our relative position.
Rich Kugele: Excellent. Just one follow-up. In terms of, obviously with the dividend yield now north of 9%, people are concerned supposedly on your cash flow and your ability to continue to pay the dividend. Do you believe that your cost cutting actions that you have implemented and I guess will be finished by June, that you will be able to have that more than $1 billion in cash flow annually and be able to fully fund that dividend?
Steve Luczo: Yes. As I cited in the opening remarks, Rich, that our cash flow relative to our dividend payment is not concern for us at all.
Rich Kugele: Excellent. All right. Thank you very much.
Steve Luczo: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with Barclays. Your line is open.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes. Thank you. Good Morning. Two questions, if I could. Steve, can you talk a little more about your exabyte trend line? It was down about 7% in the September quarter, roughly flat for December? Should we anticipate, just getting from your comments, around improvement and targeting higher cap, especially 10 terabyte, that we can see exabyte starting to actually grow in the first half of calendar 2016? And then kind of a follow-up part two of my question is that partly why you are saying you will raise pricing? Or is that comment more around like-for-like pricing and not pricing going up because of new schemes?
Steve Luczo: Yes. Let me answer your back question and then I may direct you to an offline discussion so we may have debate about growth rates. But the pricing is like-for-like in certain rate market rises .We are not talking mix. We are talking about prices that have to address the value of the products in a lot of the client space, it's just ridiculous. And I think I made this statement a year ago that the industry was not serving itself by subsidizing client products by trying sell more nearline products just say within the margin range, because this day would come that you don't have any room left. And I think now the industry is recognizing it. Whether or not you are making 10 points of margin on the client or five points, it is nowhere near 20 which is what some people cited and that's nowhere near what you need to basically fund the technology going forward. So there is going to have to be adjustments on the client side to reflect what we do. So the price, I think, goes across certain markets and it's like-for-like. We show 10% growth sequentially in exabyte shipments for us, up to 60.6 exabytes. So I am not sure where that information is coming from that you are referencing. So instead of wasting time here --
Mark Moskowitz: I am talking year-over-year --
Steve Luczo: So instead of talking about it on this call, because we see growth in exabytes and in the nearline space, I would rather take it offline, because it is going to chew up too much time debating data right now. But as I said in the script, we have 10% up sequentially on exabytes shipped and our enterprise exabytes were up 21%. So we are encouraged by the mix up in the enterprise and in the cloud service providers.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. Yes. I was talking about year-over-year, which pretty much dovetails with your numbers, but it sounds like you definitely feel good about that growth trend line and we can see it continue to be a positive, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
Steve Luczo: Yes. We do believe that.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. First real quickly I want to go back to Rich's question. I am curious on your thoughts on Toshiba as it relates to the hard disk drive business, given the recent news. And then also I was curious if you could just give us an update on the OpEx. I think in the past you talked about $460 million. Obviously you have done better than that. Is there further OpEx realignment? And then an update to that $460 million level exiting the fiscal year. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: I forgot to answer the Toshiba question. Thanks for re-asking it. Yes, I don't know. We can't predict what's going on at Toshiba. We can say that we have noticed a marked decline in their presence in certain markets and maybe part of what Nidec was seeing was reduced from them. We don't know and we actually don't really believe Nidec sees all its orders two weeks into the quarter anyhow. But look, it's obviously a difficult situation at Toshiba at the corporate level and clearly their number one priority is to save the fabs and it doesn't make sense to me that being in the drive business serves that purpose. But what they decide is up to them. So if you had asked me where was my gauging of would Toshiba be in the business in the next one to three years today versus where was it six months or a year ago, I am much more towards the end that they are not going to be in this business in the next one to three years, just because I don't how I see how they can be competitively, given where areal density is going and given where manufacturing is and given some of their bigger corporate issues, I just can't imagine that that's where they want to spend their R&D expense or frankly their cash flow.
Aaron Rakers: And on the OpEx?
Dave Morton: On the OpEx side, Aaron, we did outperform. So we are ahead of where we said we would be and that was for exiting the fiscal year. I think we are happy at this level for now. We don't see a real reason to turn it down from here. We still have some ideas about how we might do that and still protect the product portfolio, but I think we are going to run the rest of the fiscal year at this level. And then we will see how the market develops in the next couple of quarters and see what we have do in FY2017.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Again, just to emphasize, Aaron, that's what my point was that we think the next focus of our effort is around issues that impact gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Thanks guys. Congrats on a really solid trend in a tough environment as well. Just a quick one for me. Steve, I would love to get your thoughts, again just sort of circling back on application set for flash and for flash storage systems. One of your largest customers, a couple of days ago on their earnings call seemed to make a point of putting more energy around their view that flash, flash based systems are going to increasingly address general application set. Your earlier comments on this call of the 95% to 98%, which I know is probably more of a historically data driven remark, but the way you spoke about it, seems to suggest that you believe that they can stay in that 95% to 98% range. Any sort of nuance being that you have with regards to flash systems and their ability to address general application sets, would love to hear that. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I don't think they are inconsistent. I think you have the opportunity for flash to address general application sets, but the data is still being stored disk drives. It's just a question of what it is moving in and out of. In the old days, it was moving in and out of a CPU. Now it's being staged in different levels of, call it memory or storage, that basically allow for greater and faster processing applied against it. But at the end of the day, that stuff rests on an HDD. So my point was, sure, that layer above is a layer that we want to participate on and through Phil's efforts, we feel we will be quite successful there. But it's not eliminating the fact that bit ends up on a disk drive. In fact, it's going into a disk drive that's a pretty sporty, as Dave would say. It's a nearline drive that has lots of heads and disks and a really complicated VLSI architecture. So those are all things that we get paid for. Now, Phil, you want to talk a little bit more about what you are seeing?
Phil Brace: Yes. I think that, to echo Steve's comment, where we see a lot of the flash, I would say, is on the new tier, if you will, right. A performance tier that does accelerate things and generally speaking, it's in front of large arrays of storage, large banks of storage. And that's where we see a lot of the growth. And we are investing some of our energy. And it is around that performance area.
Steve Luczo: I was going to say, yes, I think in particular, as it relates to the super high performance, super high data rate, data processing applications like petro and some of the other energy applications, that's where our high-performance compute solution has been particularly strong because we really have the fastest system to feed those higher levels of, again, call it storage, call it memory. But somehow you have to have a back end that's serving that thing very well. And we have to be the leader in that space. And that leadership comes through partnerships as well as some great companies like Cray and Teradata and others.
Ananda Baruah: Yes. That's great context. I really appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Steve Luczo: Great. Thanks. All right. We should probably have one last question.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Jayson Noland with Baird. Your line is open.
Jayson Noland: Okay. Great. I guess a follow-up to this discussion. With some pressure on performance enterprise drives, 15K specifically and a tailwind in capacity drives, could you talk about your exposure to both? And if there is difference in the gross margin profile? Any significant difference between the two?
Dave Morton: This is Dave. No significant difference between the two. I would say that the 15k lines are still in demand. There are still a lot of people pulling, not to the levels that maybe they were historically, but not 50% of what they were historically yet and I think we anticipate a fairly long tail there because it still provides a fairly low cost good value hitting the price band that has got a compelling performance tier. And it's important to note that a lot of places that those drives go today, that cost performance trade-off is really compelling compared to any other solution. Maybe the choke point is somewhere else in the architecture. Now that said, it's a million or 1.5 million drives a quarter and at the scale of Seagate, that's pretty small. So if we redeflect those heads and disks into other boxes, that doesn't really have a material impact on Seagate.
Jayson Noland: Okay. Great. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Thanks very much.
Steve Luczo: Okay. So just to wrap it up again, I guess we will again thank everyone and we look forward to speaking to you after the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William David Mosley - President, Operations & Technology Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kaley, and I will be your coordinator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Dave Morton, Executive Vice President and CFO; Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology; Rocky Pimentel, President, Global Markets and Customers; Phil Brace, President, Cloud Systems and Electronic Solutions; and Pat O'Malley, Executive Vice President. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our first fiscal quarter 2016 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call we will review the highlights for the quarter, provide the company outlook for the second fiscal quarter 2016, and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplemental information available on the investor section of our website. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that timeframe. As a reminder this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the investor section of the company's website at seagate.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. The first fiscal quarter 2016 Seagate achieved revenues of $2.9 billion. And on a non-GAAP basis gross margins of 24.2%, net income of $165 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.54. Overall shipments for the September quarter were 55.6 exabytes, up 7% sequentially, with the average capacity per drive over 1.1 terabytes per drive. As we stated in our pre-announcement there were intra-quarter demand developments that brought our revenue in at the lower end of our forecasted range and impacted the profitability contribution of our HDD portfolio to corporate margins by approximately 300 basis points. While the September quarter nearline and enterprise demand was marginally lower than expected in terms of both units and exabytes, we believe Seagate's CSP and OEM customer base is more highly concentrated than the competitors, and therefore has a high degree – higher degree of volatility. This dynamic led to a negative impact on Seagate in the September quarter, resulting in lower mix, higher inventory carry, and reduced absorption, impacting the corporate gross margin by approximately 190 basis points. The company needs to further leverage its technical leadership across its product offering to address the broader market opportunity and needs more active engagement with these customers on the sales and technical side. These issues are being addressed and progress will be achieved over the next two quarters to three quarters. In addition we saw upside in 2.5-inch notebook and gaming client applications, which have margins at the lower end of our product portfolio. The lower margin contribution from the portfolio shipped in volumes impacted the corporate margin by approximately 110 basis points. While we are disappointed in our overall corporate margin results for the September quarter, we believe we have a path to sequential margin improvement that I will cover in our December quarter outlook. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $501 million, down 9% year over year, reflecting expense control around the core business, adjacencies, restructuring activities, and lower variable compensation. Drive inventory levels increased by approximately $160 million sequentially, due primarily to the increase in finished goods from our enterprise products. Capital expenditures were in line with our expectations. In the September quarter we had strong cash flow from operations of $824 million and free cash flow of $615 million. We effectively executed on our long-term capital allocation goals for the shareholders and redeemed approximately 20 million shares in the September quarter, reducing our outstanding shares down to 299 million shares. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents. There are a few developments from the last few weeks that are meaningful to Seagate that I'd like to provide some additional context. We closed our acquisition of Dot Hill on October 6, and we have begun integrating the business into our Cloud Systems and Solution business. We are pleased to have the Dot Hill team on board and believe the expansion of our Cloud Systems and Solutions product portfolio will enable us to better serve our storage OEM customers and further leverage our core storage technology expertise. On October 22 we were notified by China's Ministry of Commerce that the company can now integrate Samsung's hard disk drive business completely into Seagate. This now allows us to move forward in our plans to consolidate our product portfolio, leverage go-to-market synergies, broaden sales coverage, and optimize design centers. All of these activities will benefit our customers. At our board meeting last week we approved a 17% increase in our dividend payment, raising our annual rate to $2.52 per share. This dividend raise reflects the confidence we have in the future cash flows of our business and fulfills our goal to increase our dividend by at least 10% for the fiscal year. Our capital return to shareholders remains a top priority at Seagate, and we continue to balance the effective investment in our technology portfolio with shareholder returns and within an investment grade framework. Turning to our business outlook. We believe the overall storage market demand will continue to be relatively flat in the December quarter. This includes some slight uptick in enterprise nearline exabyte demand and seasonal declines in the client and gaming markets. For the December quarter, we are planning for revenues to be between $2.9 billion and $3 billion, and we are forecasting operating expense to continue to decline to approximately $485 million in the December quarter. We plan to exit fiscal year 2016 with operating expenses of $460 million per quarter, including Samsung integration synergies and the acquisition of Dot Hill. Under these assumptions, we will reduce our fiscal non-GAAP year-over-year spend by approximately 12%. Our non-GAAP gross margins should be sequentially improved with mix, new product offerings, and absorption costs benefit to approximately 25.5% to 26%. As enterprise exabyte demand continues to grow at 35%, along with our ability to monetize the demand with our product offerings, we believe we will be back in our targeted margin range of 27% to 32% by the June quarter. Before we open up for the questions I would like to highlight the promotion of Dave Morton to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Seagate. With over 20 years at the company, Dave is already a very active contributor of our management team. And the board and I are confident in his abilities to continue to provide effective leadership and financial stewardship for Seagate. I also thank Pat O'Malley for his 7 years of service in the CFO role and over 25 years of contributions at Seagate. Under Pat's leadership we have refined our effective and resilient financial model, executed a very good track record on total shareholder return and return on invested capital, and strengthened our balance sheet. I'm very pleased Pat will be continuing his career at Seagate in an Executive Vice President role, reporting to me and working on a number of strategic initiatives. I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued support. And we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham and Company. Your line is open.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions. First, when it comes to the high cap in nearline and enterprise for that matter, can you just talk about where you are for the PMR and the shingle version? And what your thoughts are on timing for the 10 terabyte helium? And then as a follow-up I know that there's some software changes that some of the customers have to do to be able to hit those capacity points in their systems. If you have any thoughts on the adoption rate once you get to those points.
William David Mosley - President, Operations & Technology: Hi, Rich, this is Dave.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, Dave.
William David Mosley - President, Operations & Technology: First off all, start with the shingle version. The volume for that is an archive market only. The volume's small, but the traction has been pretty good, that's 8 terabyte. The other 8 terabyte – I'll call it workhorse drive – is really a high-performance nearline drive. And we're quite happy with the way it has proceeded through quals and built up its quality and so on and so forth in the ramp. So we're right on plan for that per earlier discussions. And relative to 10 terabyte, realistically we said we'd be introducing helium at 10 terabyte I think in the last call. We're still on plan for that. It'll happen in the first two calendar quarters. The ramp will be pretty slow, because that's bleeding edge areal density, but we're pretty excited about that product next year.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. And then you don't see the software issue as an adoption hurdle?
William David Mosley - President, Operations & Technology: For shingle there's a difference between – if that's what you're referring to – there's a difference between the drive aware and host aware. So our drives today are drive aware. But the industry is going through a transition, which I think is what you're referencing, which is host aware. That's where the customer side has to go modify some of their software to be able to adopt it. And there's industry consortiums that are helping shuttle that thing along. I think we're right on the cusp as an industry of going through that transition, but we haven't shipped any of that product yet. Just test units.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just lastly, Steve, at a – if you have any thoughts big picture on the SSD market, your positioning and your relationship with Micron in the wake of WD/SanDisk?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well look. We've said for a while that we view these markets as more complementary than competitive. We've struck relationships with the companies that we view are the ones that are either technical leaders and/or low-cost leaders and/or have the broadest technology and/or are furthest along in transition to next generation of technology. None of those are really reflected by the WD [Western Digital] target. So our engagement will continue to be with companies that fit that profile. Micron is certainly the one that we've publicly discussed the activities that we're undertaking together. And that relationship continues to be very positive. We're happy with the engagement that we've had. And there's kind of multiple threads of leveraging the joint technology between Seagate and Micron at the product level. And of course a lot of that falls under Phil's domain. I don't know, Phil, if you want to provide any additional color that -where we're at versus what we've said to date? But so far, Rich, we're pretty happy with where we stand. And we have similar potential engagement with other leaders in the flash space.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. A couple questions if I can as well. So first of all just curious when you look at the model now with the Dot Hill transaction closed, how do we think about that in terms of current expectations for the current quarter? And can you just touch on – by my model it appears that you had a decline both sequentially and year over year in your non-hard disk drive business. And then I do have a real quick follow-up.
Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions: This is Phil Brace. No, so far I guess the model going forward, we're pleased with the integration going to date. Today I would say that in aggregate, the model is probably underneath the corporate gross margins. Our obviously target is to actually get it above that from this point of view. Yeah, previous financials at Dot Hill had it above it, so you would see us kind of integrating that and moving in that direction long term. On a year-over-year perspective I think we were up year over year, quarter to quarter. So I'm not sure. Other models we were up pretty strong year on year on both the system side and the flash side.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then as a real quick follow-up, I'm just curious with the moving dynamics that shows up in your working capital this quarter, and obviously being a driver of the free cash flow generation, how do we think about your free cash flow? How does the company think about the free cash flow generation from the model, as we look forward on a annualized basis?
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Aaron, it's Dave. We continue to work down our needs for our working capital as you can see, through our stronger sales linearity this past quarter. A lot of our DSOs had improved. We got some benefit from our DPOs as well. And we're going to continue to monetize what we can out of our turns and inventory. So we continue to be very thoughtful with a discerning eye on how we view that aspect of our business.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So to be clear, you think you sustain this kind of cash conversion cycle level going forward?
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks. Also on the non-hard drive business. give us some reasonable expectation of a revenue run rate. I mean based on the numbers you provide, and granted they're rounded, you're at $165 million last quarter give or take. So what kind of opportunity should investors expect over the coming, let's say over fiscal 2016? Where can you get?
Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions: Sorry, could you repeat the question? Sorry, I missed the question.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: That's okay. I'm just looking for a reasonable expectation of a revenue run rate for the non-hard drive business going forward, now that Dot Hill is in the mix. Would a stretch goal, a reasonable goal, where can you get the quarterly run rate by let's say exiting 2016?
Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions: Yeah. I think exiting 2016 you'd see us kind of on the $200 million to $250 million a quarter kind of run rate, tracking to plus $1 billion-plus dollars a year, kind of in that vector.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thanks. And then maybe on the hard drive TAM. Anything you could talk about for the first half of the year beyond the current quarter here? Do you expect where we sit today to see the large seasonal decline in March? Or like some have talked about previously, could the decline be a little bit more muted this year?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's hard to say just given kind of the lack of traction that's developed even in the second half of the year. And again our view is probably is narrower than it should be. And it's not often that the CSP base in particular doesn't engage for more than three or four quarters. And we're kind of on the outer end of that dimension right now. So we'd expect at some point here that there'd be a capital cycle that would improve. For us I think it's as much as broadening the customer base. Some of that is product related and some of it is just engagement related. So that's opportunity in front of us I think regardless of whether or not there's a market acceleration. But the fact that the second half of the year didn't develop the way I think the industry expected it would, I think that does probably say at some point there's going to be a capital cycle up. And right now we don't have any signals that say it's going to be in the first half of the year, but we don't have any that say that it's not either. So I think a lot of it just depends on what happens through December. And then the people start letting contracts. As you know it's still, it's a cyclical business that's highly concentrated. And until there's more diversity in that customer set, it's going to kind of have an ebb and flow that can be challenging like it was for this quarter for us.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Makes sense. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thank you. I think, Steve, you said that you expect to get back to your gross margin targets within the year over the next couple of quarters. I think you said the June quarter next year. Can you walk us through the steps that help you get to that? How much does MOFCOM add? How much does the improvement in the mix related to the storage business add? And then how do the cost cuts help?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the biggest thing clearly is better traction on our higher capacity nearline and mission critical drives. That's the bulk of what hurt us last quarter. I mean again reading some of the analysts' and other industry observers' work, I don't think there's still a great understanding about the leverage that's in the manufacturing system, especially on these enterprise drives, we're absorbing as many heads and discs and test time as we are. So unit misses in the 500,000-unit range, while they don't sound big relative to a 45 million or 50 million shipment, they are. And especially obviously at the margin when the cost has been completely absorbed. And of course those are decent price points, but they're obviously – they're good margin products to begin with. But obviously if they're already built and sitting in inventory, then they're really good margin products. And you can see from our inventory uptick of $160 million, that translating into revenue accounts for a couple hundred basis points of gross margin. So clearing through that inventory in a responsible way is going to take a couple of quarters. And as we do that then we're going to see a more regular trend back to overall gross margin that we expect to deliver. The other thing about that is, it kind of may feel like a big surprise. But the other reality is the industry moves a lot of drives in the last 2 weeks of the quarter. And really with a week to go in this quarter, we could have still delivered the gross margin that we should have. And it was just basically not executing or not having customers take the drives that we thought they were going to take. So that being the case we're hoping that we can get those drives moving. And again in a reasonable way sooner rather than later, so that we can get back to the margin model that that piece of the business delivers. I think in terms of the incremental margin improvement of Phil's business, we really have I think a nice path of saying, where we're at today from a gross margin and an operating margin perspective to make sequential quarter improvements in the direction that Phil talked about. And ultimately we do believe that at the gross margin level it's accretive to the range and certainly to the midpoint of the range. So I think that certainly will help. And then another big hunk of it as you pointed out is operating expense control. Like we said we think that we can still take another $20 million out of that number, which is as you know two quarters ago was on its way to $580 million. So to get down to $460 million, we feel pretty good about. So I think it's a combination of all three. It's all stuff that's right in front of us. It's for us to execute against. The trickiest stuff is frankly finding those customers that are taking those higher capacity drives. And for the customers that we do engage with understanding how we can get a better mix, because clearly right now we're not getting the mix that we should.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay that's helpful. Just to follow up how much does MOFCOM add in terms of margin benefit? And then as a clarification what share count should we use next quarter? Is it the 299 million? Or is it slightly above that, because of the diluted shares? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Morton figure that out. The MOFCOM thing, it's hard to answer the question. For us of course if you just looked at it from a synergy perspective on "OpEx," as you know we were basically maintaining a separate go-to-market organization for that. It wasn't a huge go-to-market organization. So the synergies isn't so much immediately OpEx related. There will be some. There may be some OpEx related in that we were moving a lot of units, over 10 million units, with a pretty lean organization. And we are actually kind of reverse engineering that to saying, how can we take advantage of "the Seagate operation" to maybe look more like that? So actually the synergies may effectively come from reduction in Seagate OpEx, as opposed to the apparent reduction in the small single digit millions of dollars that we were spending on the Samsung side. I think the other big piece is revenue synergies. I mean clearly now that product line is the highest areal density product in the industry. It has been for a couple of years. And we can now broaden that to the broader Seagate sales force. I think there's going to be some nice revenue synergies from that. And then the other big synergy that's an OpEx synergy, but I can't tell you and it's going to save this many dollars, is that design center, which is a very competent design center, is now free to design products that don't have to be subject to the hold separate. And so that allows us basically to start putting products into that design center or having products come out of that design center that aren't going to be limited to the Samsung sales force. And so in that sense there's nice operating leverage, because a design center is an expensive thing to keep. And so having a broader portfolio come out of that we think is beneficial. So net-net we think it basically drives better revenue opportunity, clearly better margin opportunity as we mix across the portfolio. And then better operating margin, because the more efficient dynamic on the design center as well as the go-to-market side.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Sherri, this is Dave. Just a quick follow-up. Please use 304 million shares for your fully diluted EPS calculation.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good morning, guys. Two questions for me as well. Dave, I just want to go back to Aaron's questions on the cash conversion cycle. Very specifically though could you talk to the DPOs? Those expanded pretty materially this quarter. What did you guys do differently I guess to get to 77 days there? And how can you sustain that?
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: If you go and compare to where we were running kind of under the averages, both between us and our competitor down south, it was just a higher activity in and around of how we manage our working capital. There was nothing being done outside of anything with our normal terms. It was just we got very, very critical. Plus we also had a lot of strong linearity in and around the quarter, which suited us well versus the previous quarter. So that's where we see those upticks.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then I guess as a follow-up given the transition or the acquisition Western Digital is going through with SanDisk, I'm curious. Do you think it creates an opportunity for Seagate to perhaps increase their market share in select markets, ideally enterprise, given the fact that your largest competitor may be a little bit more distracted as you go forward?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's not the distraction that I think is the opportunity. It's the kind of the overall transaction. Because when you kind of go through it, it's a $10 billion premium to the 90-day average. 35 times earnings for a company that hasn't had earnings growth in 5 years, actually has earnings decline in 5 years. Isn't a technical or cost leader. And you're going to finance it with $18 billion of debt, which means you have to somehow have big OpEx cuts, because there's not enough SG&A to pay for that. Wouldn't appear to be enough revenue synergies, because it's not a competitive technology relative to the leaders. So it's going to come down to engineering cuts. So I think that's the opportunity. It's not so much the distraction. Maybe there's a distraction, maybe there isn't. But the reality is in order to make that model work, there's going to have to be OpEx cuts to pay back that huge debt load. Or you never build in another fab. And this is just an industry where, whether or not it's the flash side or the HDD side, massive cuts in R&D doesn't seem smart. But for us it's good. So I think the opportunity is make sure – look. Seagate feels great about where we're at technically. We don't obviously feel great about having the broadest portfolio that we need. And we need to address that. But the good news is we have the technical leadership to do that. So we'll keep pressing that case. That's I think what's going to translate into the market opportunity, whether or not it's the enterprise level or the client level or the nearline level. And I do think that that transaction gives us an opportunity, just because the OpEx side of their business is going to be challenged to pay back all that debt.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect, thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Thanks for squeezing me in. Since no one has asked about the PC market specifically, I was just curious if we could get your thoughts on how it looks maybe even into the middle of next year. And then just very quick, Dave, just on the OpEx exiting this fiscal year, does that put you guys at a sort of a normalized or a comfortable level with OpEx? Or do you think there's more that you could do, depending on where, based on what you see about growth in the markets going forward? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think on the PC market it feels – it's kind of always hard to tell where you're getting traction or not, especially when the gaming stuff comes in and out as much as it does. But it feels like the PC market has kind of found its space. And that there's probably a little bit of traction for some marginal growth. I think with respect to Seagate, kind of gets back to the technical point, we are excited about the product portfolio that we're about to roll. We do think when you transition to kind of 1 terabyte and 2 terabyte products, that's compelling for those client based systems that actually do need onboard storage. And of course we can do that in the form factors that fit into the new thin and light notebooks. So I think we're kind of – we're I think – look. I think Seagate has always been a little bit more bullish on client than maybe others. And I think within that segment we feel that we're particularly well aligned. And maybe again that's a reflection of the fact that we're very OEM concentrated. And we feel good about lining up with what the OEMs need in that space. So I feel okay about the client space going forward. And as you know I'm more encouraged also that there's some client that goes beyond what we're calling a client today. And I still think those opportunities continue to open up. And they're going to need 1 terabyte and 2 terabytes and 4 terabytes of data. By the way same could be said about the branded market. We've got a nice 4 terabyte market product out there right now, and we're gaining traction with it. And we continue to believe that the direct attached storage business will be quite good on the client side, especially as people skinny down on what they have on board.
David H. Morton - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then in regards to the modeling question, exiting in FY 2016 at a $460 million non-GAAP run rate for OpEx. I think that's fair to continue on that trajectory. Obviously we continue to evaluate in how we monetize our OpEx investments in and around the specific workloads that we deliver to our customers.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right thanks, everyone. We're going to work hard to gain back some credibility here. And we appreciate you being on the call today. Look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Patrick O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions William D. Mosley - President-Operations & Technology
Analysts: Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal fourth quarter and year-end 2015 financial results conference call. My name is Danielle, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over the Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Pat O'Malley, Executive Vice President and CFO; Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology; Rocky Pimentel, President, Global Markets and Customers; and Phil Brace, President, Cloud Systems and Electronic Solutions. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fourth fiscal quarter and year-end 2015 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights for the quarter, provide the company outlook for the first fiscal quarter and full year 2016, and then open the call up for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplemental information on our website. We are planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour, and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that timeframe. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investor section of the company's website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. For the fourth fiscal quarter 2015, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.9 billion, and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margins of 27.2%, net income of $250 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.77. Overall storage shipments for the June quarter were 52 exabytes, up 5% year over year, with an average capacity per drive continuing to average over 1.1 terabytes per drive. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $515 million, reflecting expense control around the core business and new adjacencies, in addition to lower variable compensation. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $228 million, and capital expenditures were in line with our expectations. Our inventory levels were reduced 8% sequentially, and we exited Q4 with the lowest level of HDD finished goods inventory value since 2009. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we ended this quarter with $2.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Revenue challenges from macroeconomic pressures and PC systems demand have been persistent factors that have offset continued growth in other areas of our business. While the magnitude of these factors did not increase intra-quarter in June, conditions did not improve as we expected, resulting in an impact to our revenue greater than our initial expectations. In light of the mixed market dynamic conditions over the last few quarters, we are satisfied with the company's overall execution in fiscal year 2015. Highlights include total revenues of $13.7 billion, and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margins of 28.1%, net income of $1.5 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $4.57. Over the course of the fiscal year, we shipped over 228 exabytes of storage, up 13% from fiscal year 2014. Within this, Seagate's nearline cloud exabyte shipments increased more than 50%, indicating that we are gaining traction with the higher-capacity offerings in our nearline portfolio and our longer-term thesis of data growth and shifts to cloud infrastructure and hyperscale deployments continue to progress. In fiscal year 2015, Seagate generated over $2.6 billion in operating cash flow, including the legal settlement from Western Digital. We returned greater than 65% of our operating cash flow, or $1.8 billion, to shareholders in the form of dividend and share redemptions in fiscal year 2015, increasing our dividend per share by 26% and decreasing our shares outstanding by 6%. We continue to believe our capital allocation policy is aligned with long-term shareholder value creation and reflects our confidence in our ability to generate strong cash flow from our businesses. From an R&D perspective, we have successfully transformed a good portion of our traditional storage hardware portfolio and made extensive progress towards pursuing our adjacencies in cloud systems and flash technology. We will have more discussion regarding our technology portfolio advancements and related opportunities at our strategic update on September 2. For the September quarter, we are forecasting for a relatively flat business environment, as we continue to shape our top line revenue opportunities that preserve our business profitability and enable us to continue to invest in advancing our storage technology portfolio offerings. For the September quarter, we are planning for revenue of approximately $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion, and we anticipate margins to be relatively flat, taking into account the anticipated seasonal mix and a lean production schedule. As of today, we have redeemed approximately 14.5 million shares of stock quarter to date, and we are on pace to exit the quarter with less than 300 million shares outstanding, returning over $900 million to investors through dividend and share redemptions in the September quarter. Operationally, we have undertaken a comprehensive analysis of our expense base and have identified areas where we can improve efficiency and lower cost in fiscal year 2016. For the September quarter, we are targeting operating expense to be flat sequentially at approximately $515 million. We plan to actively address additional savings opportunities through the end of the calendar year, and we expect operating expenses will be comfortably under $500 million a quarter in the second half of fiscal year 2016. These actions will decrease total operating expense by at least 10% for the fiscal year. As a result of our business outlook, capital allocation, and expense control, we are targeting at least 10% non-GAAP EPS growth in fiscal year 2016. I thank our employees for their hard work and our customers, vendors, suppliers, and shareholders for their ongoing support. I'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Aaron Rakers from Stifel. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. First of all, I was just curious, what was the ending share count coming out of the June quarter? And then the question would be, is – can you talk a little bit about the gross margin drivers this quarter? I think your initial guidance was 28.5%. Can you bridge the gap between how much absorption effect of fixed cost or utilization was an impact versus, say, mix or pricing?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me take the second one while Pat gets the answer to the first one. I think in terms of the gross margin, Aaron, the delta kind of makes sense to us all in all. Probably the biggest change was the absorption issue. So we ran our factories really lean. Our inventory levels are 35% below the competition's right now. And that absorption impact maybe was as much as 100 basis points. So that's significant. I think other issues are – we've only had 24 hours to look at the other results, but it does seem like the competition attained revenue earlier in the quarter by virtue of the DSO, and that usually has a margin impact just because pricing sometimes gets more challenging through the quarter. And it looks also that they probably had some share gain in nearline distribution, which is probably a nice margin advantage as well. And so we're off to kind of decide – figure out where that opportunity lays for us in the next couple of quarters. I think the fourth point is probably that for the non-HDD businesses for both of us, which are $250 million-ish, while I think both of us obviously are running margins below the corporate average, our estimate is that ours are further below, and so we still have work to do there, as we've talked before, over the next couple of quarters to prove that margin profile. So I think the combination of things explains the delta to our original forecast and probably the delta to the competition as well. But the single biggest point was we basically ran our factories really lean and reduced inventory, and that has a big absorption impact.
Patrick O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And on the share count, Aaron, we were at 315 million. We're down to slightly over 300 million right now as we sit.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Patrick O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And that's actual shares outstanding.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just on non-HDD business, I was wondering if you could provide some highlights on the $250 million, what was doing better. And then also if you made any kind of margin improvement in that non-HDD business during the quarter and how you might have attained that, or is that still on the come?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we'll have Phil answer on that.
Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions: Yeah, I think that overall the quarter proceeded as expected. We saw a little bit of softness in the overall system business, primarily related to OEM storage-related sales there. I think you see that reflected in other people's reports. Our flash business, particularly in the PCIe business, continues to be strong and a growth driver for us in that space. So when we look out in time, I think we continue to be excited about our growth prospects there, and we'll continue to work to improve the operational performance of the business going forward.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: And then in terms of profitability in that area? Any other color?
Philip G. Brace - President-Cloud Systems & Electronics Solutions: Well, I think as Steve said, right now it's trailing below the corporate average overall in an aggregate perspective, and I think that we've got a number of levers that we're working to over the coming periods to kind of continue to improve the operational performance of the business.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. And then just lastly, I know it's not the greatest question to ask after – with PC demand where it is, but in terms of your upside flexibility, given that average capacities are still rising and you're looking to improve profitability, how would you describe your ability to react to some upside surprises over the next couple quarters?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: On the client-side?
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Overall, just thinking about -
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on the client side, it's pretty easy. The lead times are in quarter usually, and the test times are pretty short. So one of the reasons we ran inventories really lean is because at least if the pocket of upside is client, we can chase that very efficiently. Seagate's great at doing that. And as you know, we're also on the front end of a big product rotation in those categories, so it's smart for us keep our inventories really lean as we go into the new cycle, which we're very excited about. I think on the nearline, it's much tougher. Lead times on nearline, between wafer and test, are well beyond 13 weeks. So, unless you're staging inventory, which we can stage some inventory, say, if we're at wafer level or whatever to take some of that lead time out, chasing big upsides on nearline and mission-critical is much more difficult. So it just depends where the products come in.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Rich Kugele from Needham & Co. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: I just wanted to get a sense for, you talked about potentially looking at operating expense changes for fiscal 2016 having an effect on second half. What about on the manufacturing side? Do you feel like there's some room there where you could take some capacity out, or is it really not expensive capacity and it's just better to leave it in place?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well yeah, we didn't say maybe we were going to look at some opportunities. We are going to take actions, so we will be under $500 million exiting the calendar year, Rich, just to be clear on that – I mean per quarter on OpEx. And I do think there's opportunities on the cost of goods side, which we're also looking at. We'll probably have an update for you on that in September. In terms of taking out capacity, which may or may not be an action that the competition's taking, it wasn't quite clear to us what was going on in that restructuring charge. And we didn't really understand the answer, that we don't think that taking out a major asset right now is the right move, just because as you know we still are very bullish on the long-term prospects of exabyte growth, and we're actually bullish on client ultimately, as I've talked before. It just depends how you define client. And we believe there'll be a whole new class of clients that are going to need lots of storage. So we don't want to take a bunch of capacity off and then turn around and be putting capacity on. So if things stay low for a while, sure, you have options to do that, but that's not where we're at right now. But there are probably efficiencies that'll flow through to the cost of good lines as well.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: And as you look at the capacity enterprise space, you've chosen to move to SMR, right, and then provide other air-based solutions. Where you see the need for helium, if at all, over the next couple generations?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a funny question. First the question is, where do you see the need for helium, is probably 10 terabytes. The question is, what's the ownership cost all-in between 8 TB and 10 TB? It just seems to us that the 8 TB platform is going to be a massive platform that lasts for a long time relative to 10 TB. So the answer is probably 10 TB, but we're just leaning into the 6's and 8's right now, and we think there's a huge run in front of us on that. And those are really low-cost platforms for us because we don't need to use helium.
Rich J. Kugele - Needham & Co. LLC: Excellent. Okay. Thank you very much.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ananda Baruah from Brean Capital. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. And congrats, really nice job on the OpEx. Just one for me if I could. Steve, would love to get your longer-term view on exabyte growth, given the market dynamics that we've seen with XP refresh over the last 12 months. And then would also love to get what your view is on what the different applications are that layer into that kind of growth view over the next couple of years and how it manifests. Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, again, you have to break the market down into the client side and basically the enterprise side, which then breaks into legacy and nearline or cloud service providers. I think on the client side, I think for the next 18 and 24 months it's a tough market. Because the existing definition of client probably isn't going to change much between desktop, notebook, tablet, and phones of two different sizes. And I think the mix-and-match of that client is probably kind of a net-zero-sum game in terms of the trade-offs that people are making in platforms. Now, the trend away from tablets to big phones is probably also going to benefit notebooks, because at some point, you need a bigger platform and a bigger screen to deal with. And then all of those have implications of that they don't have a lot of storage on board. And what I mean by a lot is certainly more than 128, maybe even more than 256. Then you an external storage play, which – we continue to see the exabyte shipments on the branded business exceeding that that goes in the cloud, which people kind of still haven't really focused on. But I do think that in the commercial space for notebook, there'll be the continued advance of platforms with less onboard storage, and it'll probably be serviced by 128 gigs of flash more and more. It's still not half the market, but I think it's growing. I think on the consumer side, the HDD play is still the obvious play, just because consumers are big users of content, and the performance and cost, obvious, of HDDs if you want 1 or 2 terabytes is kind of untouchable. So I think then the issue is what happens. And, again, I think it's the idea around the new client, whether or not it's 3D printers, or whether or not it's AR/VR, whether or not it's robotics or surveillance capture devices. There's going to be a whole host of new clients that we're particularly excited about that I think will benefit the clients downstream. And also, when we hit new capacity points, which we'll likely hit this year, there could be a rejuvenation on the HDD side. On the enterprise side, you have legacy, which continues to kind of march along at stronger rates than people have expected. I think that'll continue. And the real growth is in nearline, and I think that's where it's particularly exciting. Data science applications, machine-to-machine data creation, and of course just in massive amounts of unstructured data, mostly in the form of video, and especially hi-def, 4K video. It's just growing rapidly, and that's being deployed around the world. And all of the implications for that at the application level, obviously, are what's exciting. And then that's obviously creating the impetus for people to want to store this stuff. So we're particularly excited about that. We don't get really hung up on is it a hybrid cloud model, or everything's going to five big CSPs. We engage, obviously, with all of them. We believe it's a hybrid cloud model, which is probably going to inform Phil's business to a greater degree, because there will be, we think, lots of petabytes shipped into corporations that want to basically have their own, quote, "cloud," as well as leveraging off of any other public clouds. But we're well-positioned either way. So I think the excitement, clearly, on exabyte growth is in that category. And overall, I think, you still see data in the data centers that shows exabyte growth still annually clipping above 50% and some at 100%, depending on CSPs. And overall, we still think that the exabyte growth will be in excess of areal density, which means we're going to absorb more heads and disks and test time, which is also critical. The other final point – and sorry for the super long-winded answer – but it's not just about exabyte growth. It's about the packaging the exabytes. And again, I think financial analysts have continued to miss the shift from client to cloud, the implications for that, not just in terms of heads and disk absorption in terms of units, but heads and disk absorption and test in terms of complexity or content, people are missing. So as you move to a 6 and an 8 and a 10 and beyond that terabyte drives, the processed content inside of the heads and the disk and the related test codes increases dramatically. So in addition to the more piece parts that are required for more heads and disks per platform, the content inside those piece points is getting more intense, which also results in more absorption. So the trend is in our favor. Sure, it'd be great to have a bunch of client growth on top of it, but if the trend is just this, it's a good thing for the drive industry, and we're positioning ourselves obviously from a technology perspective to have best-in-class products.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC: That's very helpful. Thanks a lot. See you in September.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys. Two questions from me. One, Steve, you talked about a non-GAAP EPS growth of 10% next year in fiscal 2016, I guess. Could you just talk about what are your assumptions there? Because it seems like you would get there on the OpEx control and raise share count (22:56) Curious how you think about TAM in context of that EPS growth number.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, what we said, at least, and so our assumptions right now, at a high level, but we want to kind of preserve this for September, because it's a fairly complex story in terms of what's going on underneath the high level. But right now the assumption is for, think of it as a relatively flat revenue TAM. And then to your point, operating expense controls as mentioned. And again don't forget, some of these operating savings don't occur till the second half of the year, so it's a little different than just saying it's all coming from OpEx, because the math actually doesn't say that. But it's generally, you're right generally in terms of direction, and that's why we're confident we can do this, because we can manage the OpEx and we don't think our revenue assumption is wildly optimistic.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. If I just follow up on your systems business, the non-HDD side, you have a couple assets like the controller business from LSI, the enclosures from Xyratex. Do you consider these as core assets to Seagate's systems portfolio as you go forward, or could these be things that you would look to divest to, at least reduce the headwind they cause on your margin profile?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, those are really great technologies, and they result in really sticky customer relationships. The controller technology in particular is very interesting, because it's flash-agnostic, and for a while I've been kind of marching down a theme that while the conventional wisdom is owning the media is a huge cost advantage and therefore you have to own the media, the reality is only one company can be leading in media, and everybody else by definition is behind. Now someone may just be a little bit behind, and someone may be a lot of bit behind. But if you're running fabs, you're going to keep those fabs open. And if your flash isn't competitive, you got a problem. Whereas with our technology, we could take that controller technology and apply it to whoever has the best flash or the cheapest flash or a combination thereof. And I'm not completely convinced yet that the companies that are actually media independent might have a better advantage long term in certain market segments, certainly not if you're talking about low-grade consumer flash. But certainly stuff that requires workload that we're experts at, we actually like having the optionality. And our controller technology does inform us in terms of our overall system strategy. So the intent obviously is to keep it internal. If someone wanted to pay us $50 billion for it, we'd probably sell it.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks for taking my question. Steve, I want go back to your commentary about a flat top line, and I want to better understand kind of assumptions in different scenarios. On the client side, it seems like the SSD adoption is accelerating, and on the nearline, where there is growth, there is also more competition. You have Samsung that is becoming very aggressive with their new flash technology. They're selling it below cost. And you have different alternative technologies that are also trying to minimize the hardware procurement. And in that context, I want to better understand some of your key assumptions with the cloud and nearline, and how do you see the risk or competition? And then I have a follow-up.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, come to September 2 conference, and we'll fill you in on all that. Just one quick answer. There's no one that's using SSDs for storage. I mean, maybe at the margin for replacing boot drives – I mean, maybe 1% or 3% of the hierarchy is SSDs for storage. Most of your flash product is actually not hanging off the storage bus; it's fast memory. So I think you have to be careful about where you're talking about where our devices go versus where flash is used. Most implementations of flash in a data center also have massive amounts of storage, and in fact depending on what application you're running, the flash enabled you to actually need to control more storage because of the type of analytics that you're doing. But that's the whole point of September, and we'll talk about all that then.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's fair. And then in terms of just accelerating the capacity, do you really need the helium? What is the incremental cost for increasing the capacity per drive, especially for the nearline? Is there any opportunity that you can add more capacity and – being able to drive the growth?
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's expensive, and I'll let Dave talk to that. Do you need it? We don't think you need it in the near term. We think 6s and 8s on air are a really compelling product from an overall perspective, whether or not it's acquisition cost or ongoing costs. I'll let Dave talk about that. But if you need to get to 10 terabytes, given our view of technology today at 10 TB and at the discount that we're looking at, you probably need helium. But it's a big cost adder, and then you just have say which markets are willing to pay that? And, Dave, you want to provide any other color?
William D. Mosley - President-Operations & Technology: All I'd add is that customers have to make a total cost of ownership decision relative to the power savings that you get from helium, which is nice, versus the cost adders that you're talking about.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Could you, Steve, just discuss the demand trends you're seeing in all your segments, especially in the hyperscale customers? You talked about last quarter that you expect demand to be 60% second half. Is it still the expectation? Thank you.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'm sorry, this will have to be last question, because the market's about open. Yeah, I'd say we're still feeling it's kind of a 60/40 back half to the first half of the year for the nearline cloud service providers. And then overall, as I said, feels pretty flat to us right now. Obviously, generally the second half is stronger. We do have some favorable things in the marketplace between the new Intel chip and Win10, maybe that drives some acceleration. But I was wrong last quarter anticipating that. I don't want to be wrong, at least in the same direction, twice in a row. So we're remaining conservative and just calling for a flat quarter in the other segments. But I do think we will see strength in the nearline. And legacy, as you know, is kind of fits and starts. So we'll see where we're at on legacy. But in general, legacy has been better than people would've anticipated.
Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Good. I want to thank everyone for taking the time today. And we look forward to speaking to you next quarter, but of course we'll see many of you in September. So thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Mosley - President, Operations and Technology  Patrick O’Malley - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Albert Pimentel - President, Global Markets and Customers
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, Inc. Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steve Fox - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Equity Research Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kandis and I’ll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today from Seagate’s executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO, Pat O'Malley, Executive Vice President and CFO; Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology; Rocky Pimentel, President, Global Markets and Customers; and our General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal third quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights from the March quarter, provide the company outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter 2015 and then open the call for questions. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplemental information on our website. We’re planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that time frame. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company’s anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investors section of the company’s website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. For the fiscal third quarter 2015, Seagate achieved revenues of $3.3 billion on a non-GAAP basis, gross margins of 28.9%, net income of $357 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.08. As we indicated in our business outlook in January, challenges from macroeconomic pressures in Europe and PC demand were factors we needed to manage through the quarter. The magnitude of these factors actually increased in third quarter, resulting in an impact to our top line revenue beyond our initial expectations, particularly in our EMEA business which was down approximately $100 million sequentially. In light of these dynamic market conditions, we are satisfied with the company’s overall execution this quarter and we’re particularly pleased with our sequential gross margin improvements and demonstration of operation expense control. Overall storage shipments for the March quarter were 55 exabytes, up 9% year over year, with average gigabytes per drive for the quarter increasing sequentially and continuing to average over 1 terabyte per drive. Cash flow generation was again strong in the March quarter and we achieved $374 million in operating cash flow and $215 million in free cash flow, including our previously announced $225 million payment for our tax audit assessment with the State Tax Bureau in China. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $555 million, reflecting expense control around the core business and some optimization in our Cloud Systems and Solutions business. Capital expenditures in the March quarter were in line with our expectations and inventory both internally and externally are within manageable levels. Our balance sheet remains strong and we ended the quarter with $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents. During the quarter, we returned $882 million to shareholders in dividends and stock redemptions. We redeemed approximately 12 million shares, ending the quarter with 318 million ordinary shares outstanding. Year to date, we have returned $1.4 billion to shareholders and have redeemed approximately 5% of our ordinary shares outstanding. We continue to believe our capital allocation policy is aligned with the long-term shareholder value creation and reflects our confidence in our ability to generate strong cash flow from our business. Before I cover our business outlook, I’d like to turn the call over to Dave Mosley to provide an update on the technology portfolio refresh that is underway across our business.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Steve. Regarding our comments last quarter that we’re in the process of refreshing significant portions of our HDD and SSD product portfolio, I’m pleased to say that we’re executing very well on our plans. Development in progress and customer qualification activity is on schedule, with our traditional enterprise mission critical HDDs as well as with our newest high-capacity cloud offerings, our 4 terabyte, 6 terabyte, and 8 terabyte platforms are performing extremely well in the field and customer adoption was strong is Q3. In the retail space, our 2 terabyte 2.5-inch drive still leads the industry in areal density and will be refreshed in the next two quarters to a higher capacity, maintaining our leadership. We look forward to pushing these areal density improvements into the majority of our products in FY 2016. As the costs of NAND flash have come down over the last several quarters, customers have begun to recognize the combination and the value of combining non-volatile caches with HDDs. With the advantage of selling over 15 million hybrid drives under our belt, we believe we are uniquely positioned to drive continued innovation and lead the industry in delivering the value that this combination of technology enables. Revenue growth and customer qualification traction for our SSD controllers, solid-state drives and PCIe accelerator cards are on track to our milestones. Our recently announced partnership with Micron for our next-generation enterprise SAS in proceeding well and customer feedback has been favorable. In addition, we’re very happy with the close collaboration that we have with customers on application-specific tuning for SSDs in data center environments, underscoring the quality of our decisions in the M&A space over the last few years. In the high-performance computing space, this past quarter saw major new wins with leading academic, public sector and private labs that combined represent more than 120 petabytes of storage capacity, equivalent to the amount of storage needed for 1600 years of HD video. We also made first delivery of a massive scale-out storage system that when complete will achieve 1.7 terabytes per second while ingesting data, making that the fastest storage system in the world and it’s built end to end on Seagate storage technology. I’m really pleased with the breadth of technical innovation that the Seagate engineering teams are delivering, while continuing to judiciously manage operating expenses during a period of dynamic market conditions. I’d like to take a moment to thank the entire global team for their continued efforts. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Luczo: Great, thanks, Dave. Turning to our business outlook, the long-term trends in data growth, big data analytics, machine to machine computing and public and private cloud deployments continued to progress in an encouraging manner. Seagate is expanding and investing in its storage technology product and solutions portfolio to align competitively with these market dynamics and capitalize on exabyte demand growth. We remain optimistic that calendar year 2015 will provide significant opportunities to deepen our customer relationships, leverage our business model and return value to our shareholders. In the near-term, macroeconomic pressures in Europe and global currency fluctuations are continuing to have an effect on customers demand visibility. While we expect Europe to be challenged economically for most of 2015, it continues to be difficult to assess the degree of this impact will have on our client market customers, in addition to the timing of the release our Windows 10. Overall demand in the enterprise market is relatively stable. And as we have expressed previously, the Nearline high-capacity drive market can exhibit variations quarter to quarter as cloud service providers drive higher utilization of storage capacity additions and others prepared for build-outs in the second half of the year. When you take a multi-quarter view of this market, the exponential demand for storage is evident as exabyte capacity shipments in 2014 were up 35% over the prior year. From broad based discussions with customers, we currently believe that the addressable market in the June quarter will be relatively flat with the March quarter. We’re targeting revenues for the June quarter of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion and managing to a very lean production schedule. Should macro conditions improve or PC builds accelerate with improved confidence in back to school demand, we could see upside to this forecast and we have the ability to flex up production as necessary. We will continue to shape our top line revenue opportunities that preserve our business profitably and enable us to continue to invest in advancing our storage technology portfolio offerings. For the June quarter, we anticipate margins of approximately 28.5%, taking into account continued dilution impact from our recent acquisitions. We’re targeting operating expenses at $555 million, as our core product portfolio refresh continues to be on track as well as timing of investments in our new market adjacencies. Looking further ahead, we continue to believe that the second half of the calendar year will be stronger than the first half with demand coming from the PC market, seasonal gaming demand and continued stability in the enterprise market with potential upside from hyperscale deployments. We’re confident in the long-term dynamics of data growth and the opportunities ahead for Seagate in the storage technology market place in 2015 and beyond. I thank our employees for their hard work and our customers, vendors, suppliers and shareholders for their ongoing support. I’ll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele of Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele: Couple of questions. First, can you comment on what you felt the TAM was in March, so we understand the base for June? And then secondly, just on the PCIe space, Nytro, there’s been some competitors complaining that the PCIe market is losing mine share to SAS solutions and SATA solutions. Can you just talk about what you’re seeing from a competitive technology perspective in PCIe?
Steve Luczo: Richard, I’ll have Dave answer the second question. But the first one is just assume, we believe held share in the quarter of about 40%, so that would translate into a TAM of call it 125 million, 126 million. Last quarter being early that we are – we made a guesstimate we were off by a few million units, I think, as it turns out, when everything rolled in, so we’ll have to see what the other companies report. But our sense is we held share that would imply about 125 million, 126 million, something like that.
Dave Mosley: Relative to the PCIe space, what we’re finding is that the customers who tend to buy these drives really want their applications accelerated in a very specific way, so there’s a lot of deep understanding of the application that’s required in order to get the design win and a lot of work with the customers specifically to make sure that it has traction across their entire install base when you install it. There is a very healthy market out there right now for SATA and SAS going into existing plugs without that requirements of that tuning. And I wouldn’t pick one against the other, although I’d say that maybe some of the growth of the PCIe space was a little overblown in the past. It’s very customer and application specific and there’s a lot of work required in order to get that traction. I think going forward, the idea that everything becomes the model where you just unplug what you have against one of those SAS or SATA plugs and plug in something new, it’s probably not the right answer though, because I think there’ll be architectural disruption on the software and hardware side that require further optimization. And on a lot of the PCIe space, obviously that time is money. The application acceleration that you can get means a lot to those customers and we’ll continue to do that work.
Steve Luczo: So Richard, I think the comment about overblown, I think the point is that going back a few years when people were projecting how big they thought this market was and how fast it was growing, I don’t think that has ever really been substantiated in terms of how these deployments really occur. And with respect to the specific question on our particular product and the traction we’re gaining with customers, we find it to be quite positive when we don’t really see some of the challenges that others have indicated.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers of Stifel.
Aaron Rakers: Can you talk a little bit about, you made a comment about some optimization in the operating expense structure of your cloud solutions business, can you just remind us where you’re at in terms of the ramp of the Xyratex business and whether or not you still see upside drivers of what you’ve laid out in the past, I think, $650 million to $700 million, and then where you stand on realizing or how much maybe further cost optimization realization could be had from that piece of the business?
Steve Luczo: We’re still expecting that, as things develop over the next call it one to three quarters that we’re going to gain some confidence on increasing that profile on what we think the revenue opportunity is from the CSS business. And on the margin side, we inherited a business that had a lot of good technology, but operationally probably hadn’t had some of the investments that it needed to really be optimized and drive some of the efficiencies that we typically do on the drive side. So we’re actively using that operations capability that we have to push more efficiency and flexibility, which it’s kind of a combination of trying to get the efficiency with the flexibility because these orders come in fairly dynamically with not a lot of time, sometimes to address these opportunity especially as we get near the end of the quarter, there’s still kind of the systems mentality where stuff is very back-end loaded, which we’re trying to address operationally as well as how we manage our inventory. So I think there’s a fair amount of room there in terms of what we can do on the margin profile over the next one to two years.
Aaron Rakers: And how much of an overhang is that right now on your gross margin?
Steve Luczo: On the gross margin, I’ll give you an estimate, it’s hard to exactly split everything that we’re doing, because we are an integrated leverage company. But I think at least 50 to 70 basis points.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Steve, considering the market was a bit weaker than I think most people expected going into the quarter, I was hoping if you could give us some commentary on what you saw in terms of pricing, it looks like your ASPs were up more – it looks like on like for like basis, they declined a little bit, so I was hoping to get some commentary?
Steve Luczo: Pricing was about as expected in the quarter, I’ll let Rocky talk to it, but it was about as expected. We did have good mix up.
Albert Pimentel: I think as Steve said, the mix up was good. I think even in light of the fact this was kind of a seasonal hyperscale service provider consolidation period where their purchasing becomes a little more flattish, waiting for some of their expansion in the back half of the year was still strong year over year. And I think the enterprise was pretty stable, certainly the client had pressure, but we tried to apply very disciplined methodology towards making the market at the low end of the drive portfolio. So I think we felt really good about the overall mix in the product portfolio. Certainly, I think it’s a reflection of the value that we have going forward in the hyperscale new data center world we’re going to see. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research.
Steve Fox: Just broadly speaking on your non-HDD business, it looked like it was roughly flat, if my numbers are right, quarter over quarter. I know there’s seasonality in there, could you just talk about how your sales are tracking towards some of those long term goals you laid out? Is there any other positive surprises in non-HDD sales and if you’re still targeting some of the leverage for next fiscal year?
Steve Luczo: We think we’ll still on track. So all the businesses either hit their plan of records that we had or maybe slightly achieved our internal plans and feel good about the opportunity in the growth prospects that we provided previously.
Steve Fox: And then Steve just there’s been a lot of M&A discussion in general around storage, I know you guys are always looking at stuff, is there anything, if nothing came out in terms of acquisitions over the next six to nine months, is there any reason to think that you’re not – your portfolio isn’t fully loaded for that growth profile or what do you have to go to continue to develop it beyond what you’ve discussed so far?
Steve Luczo: I think we have the pieces we need to meet the growth profile. I think if you see us pursue M&A activities, it will either be to affect the margin profile in terms of the technology that we’re providing to the customer or it will be to either expand market share or broaden the technology portfolio in another way that would gain greater revenue growth. So it could either be a play on the gross margin or could be a play on the revenue opportunity. But right now I think the assets that we have support the growth profile that we’ve indicated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Two questions from me. I guess, one, could you just maybe talk about the enterprise business, especially the Nearline Drives, historically you’ve had a few good quarters and you had a bit of a lull. So I’m curious to what extent do you have good visibility in that business? And as you shift towards the 6 terabyte Nearline Drives, does that help, I’m sure it helps the ASPs, but does that help your gross margin profile as well over there?
Albert Pimentel: Certainly the high end of the product portfolio always contributes to our gross margin and that was manifested in this quarter’s strengthened gross margin despite the challenges we faced in revenue. I think our portfolio and as we’ve talked about our 8 terabyte and beyond and Dave mentioned the strength of the hybrid program and things like that, I think we feel very positive about the prospects that the high end of the portfolio offer as we build forward throughout this year and then in the next year. And I think with the partnership with Micron and working on hybrid programs in next-generation SSD solutions just broadens the non-HDD portfolio that Steve was asked about previously. So I think we feel really good about the opportunities we have in our toolbox to go forward over the next several years.
Amit Daryanani: I’m just curious on the June quarter, it seems that TAM is going to be flat, the mix sounds like it’s going to be fairly stable, so could you maybe point out what are the levers that are resulting in 40 basis points decline in the margin guidance that you guys are providing for gross margins?
Patrick O’Malley: So you heard us we’re going to try to manage the supply tightly this quarter and with that, we’re going to run the factories probably not the optimal way. So we’re planning some downside there. But as Steve and Rocky said, we’re quickly poised to take advantage of any opportunity that comes to us and we could get some lift there. But we’re just going to manage supply really tight this quarter. That manifests itself in a short term margin compression, but long term economic benefit by maintaining that supply. So it could be a little better, but we’re managing the business really, really tight this quarter.
Albert Pimentel: I think to add on to Pat’s comments there, the marginal profitability for gross margin on the marginal units that we may benefit from with any kind of upside in the quarter definitely would help us to improve the gross margin profile. But again, we’re just modeling the outlook based on a somewhat cautious TAM I guess for lack of a better description.
Steve Luczo: So we probably have time for just a couple of more questions before market opens, we want to be respectful of that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: In the context of the flat TAM for the June quarter, can you just talk about what you’re expecting for PCs versus enterprise versus cloud sequentially and then just your thoughts on Win 10 in the back half and how that impacts PC’s seasonality this year?
Steve Luczo: I think actually all of the different markets seem to be at least as we’re managing going into the quarter flat. I think where there is opportunity for the upside is probably on the PC side, depending again on the OEM’s confidence about back to school pool, which I think they’ll start deciding probably in the month of June. I think my guess is they probably got their build plans pretty set for April and May and June with one level of expectation about back to school which they’re obviously going to prepare for. And then I think if there’s some shift in terms of what the macro conditions are, whether or not that’s global or just more confidence about what’s happening in the US, then you could see acceleration in June. So I think on the client side and maybe that’s mostly a notebook comment, I think that’s where there is some opportunity for something beyond flat. There was also lot of inventory and supply chain adjustments in the March quarter that we don’t have perfect visibility on, but it’s pretty clear that the OEMs drew down inventories and limited their production. So this quarter, they probably have to catch up on the production side to meet even a flat demand or I guess maybe even imply a slight growth. So we’re watching that closely. As indicated on the Nearline side, it’s really just a function of where are the big cloud service providers are in their capital deployment plans. Most as we would see it though, the acceleration is probably more in the September and the December quarter. And whether or not they pull anything into the June quarter just to smooth out that pool in September and December is I think where the opportunity might be there. And I think the other markets are relatively flat.
Katy Huberty: So is it fair to say your guidance does not assume a pickup in PCs in the month of June and that would be largely upside versus the guidance you provided?
Steve Luczo: Yes, that’s correct.
Katy Huberty: And then just Win 10 in the back half and how that impacts seasonality?
Steve Luczo: It should benefit it, but it seems to be a bit of unknown right now in terms of the timing. One more question and we should probably let everybody get to work.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: First question on the – could you talk about the visibility like your comment suggest that you expect pickup in demand for some hyperscale customers back half of calendar 2015, just wanted to check out those views.
Steve Luczo: So Monika you just want a view of the visibility from the customers, just want to make sure on hyperscale?
Monika Garg: Yeah, hyperscale customers, and do you expect pickup in demand in the back of calendar 2015?
Albert Pimentel: Yes. As Steve mentioned that hyperscale, the major global hyperscale service providers are all pretty strong in their dialog about their capital expansion in the second half of the year. And the question I think was posed earlier as to how do we see the June quarter and that’s really – the opportunity is that the hyperscale providers accelerate their purchasing and start in like the June month, that’s an opportunity for us to service, but we’re trying to again maintain a cautious demeanor for the June quarter. But certainly, hyperscale providers present a very strong opportunity as we go into the back half of the year for sure.
Steve Luczo: Long lead signals for us would point towards at least 60/40 split second half to first half in terms of the exabytes they’re demanding and for some it’s even greater. So again, it seems to be one of the phases where they’re going to deploy pretty heavily and then they wait and fill it up and then they deploy again. So that’s what we’re seeing right now. That’s obviously a function of their data growth needs, macro conditions, but right now that’s kind of what we’re seeing, 60/40 or even a touch more.
Monika Garg: Just to follow, if my memory serves right, enterprise…
Steve Luczo: We should wrap it up, we’re at the market open. So we want to thank everyone for participating and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Okay, great, thanks everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - VP, IR Steve Luczo - Chairman & CEO Pat O'Malley - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Stifel Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kathleen and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO, Pat O'Malley, Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Lerner, President Cloud Systems and Solutions, Dave Mosley, President Operations and Technology, Rocky Pimentel, President Global Markets and Customers and our General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal second quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call we will review the highlights from the December quarter and we will provide the company outlook for the third fiscal quarter 2015. We will refer to non-GAAP measures which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplement. And after that we will open up the call for questions. We're planning for the call today to go approximately half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that time frame. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company's anticipated future operating and financial performance, customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the investor section of the company's web site. Any non-GAAP measures referenced on the call are reconciled to GAAP figures in the supplemental information on the website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead.
Steve Luczo: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated strong financial performance in the December quarter achieving revenues of $3.7 billion and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margin of 28.2%, net income of $452 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.35. Our results this quarter reflect revenue in-line with our expectations and sequential margin improvement. We had record storage shipments of 61.3 exabytes, up 17% year-over-year, with average gigabytes per drive for the quarter increasing sequentially and continuing to average over one terabyte per drive. Cash flow generation was again strong in the December quarter and we achieved $670 million in operating cash flow and $455 million in free cash flow excluding the partial payment for the arbitration award from Western Digital of $773 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $546 million, slightly lower than our expectations due primarily to expense control around the core business and commensurate with our revenue growth. Capital expenditures were in-line with our expectations and inventory both internally and externally are within manageable levels. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents. We raised approximately $500 million in debt and retired approximately $375 million in principal of higher-cost debt this quarter, effectively staggering and extending our debt maturities. We believe we’re the first high-tech BBB minus company to issue a 20 year coupon which is a testament to the market's confidence in our management team, the strength of our technology portfolio and our financial and business policies. Turning to our outlook, while we're generally optimistic about calendar year 2015 in terms of the demand for storage and overall economic activity especially that of the United States, we're tempered somewhat by the instability of the European business environment as well as the commodity and currency volatility throughout the world. For example, Europe represents approximately 20% of our revenues and in retail we would have historically experienced an increase of about 5% revenue in the December quarter and in fact it declined by about 5%. While we expect Europe to be challenged economically for most of 2015, it's difficult to assess the degree of impact this will have on revenue and demand. While Central Bank activity can alleviate some of the issues that are impacting specific country growth issues globally, these instruments are by design temporary and given the low level of interest rates we're now experiencing are by definition less effective at least on the measure of providing cheaper credit. While our forecasting continues to maintain a sense of caution due to these macroeconomic conditions, the trends we're seeing in the marketplace continue to align with our long-term expectations for exabyte demand and the growing need for economical and efficient storage. Industry estimates for the HDD market demand are forecasting a seasonal decrease and we believe TAM will be approximately 135 million units in the March quarter. This is primarily driven by a seasonal decline in the client and retail market which is also expected to be the low quarter for the calendar year. The traditional enterprise market is estimated to follow seasonal patterns as well, although this market has been more resilient than we have forecasted over the last several quarters. The cloud enterprise market is estimated to be relatively flat, reflecting continued demand strength for high-capacity storage. We anticipate the cloud market will exhibit relative strength throughout the calendar year as the acceleration which began last quarter continues. We're experiencing supply constraints in some key products for this market and we expect to be supply challenged for the next few quarters, based on current demand signals. Pricing in the client and cloud enterprise market was slightly more aggressive than the December quarter than the five prior quarters. In some accounts we participated and in others we did not. As we look ahead, we believe this is a temporal issue related to specific industry conditions. Given the increasing demand trend from a broad base of customers towards the higher capacity products, we also believe this level of price erosion is unsustainable to fund the required capital and R&D investments needed in our industry. We anticipate we will need to drive margin expansion at least towards the higher end of our long-term range of 27% to 32% to fund the long-term capital and R&D budgets related to the increased demand for cloud-based storage products. Seagate's product portfolio is well positioned competitively in this demand environment and we expect to achieve revenue of at least $3.45 billion in the March quarter. We're planning our non-GAAP gross margin to be up sequentially and at least 28.5%, due primarily to seasonal product mix shifts, while also taking into account continued dilution impact from our recent acquisitions. We're planning for operating expenses of approximately $570 million in both the March and the June quarters. These expenses include some increases in core R&D as we refresh nearly our entire HDD and SSD product portfolio this calendar year as well as investments in our new market adjacencies. Based on customer engagements to date, we're encouraged that our value proposition for cloud computing is gaining traction and our revenue potential is likely greater than our original expectations. I thank our employees for their hard work and our customers, vendors and suppliers and shareholders for their ongoing support. I'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open. 
Aaron Rakers: Steve, if you wouldn't mind if you could go a little bit deeper into the commentary around the pricing environment and specifically to the enterprise space. You had suggested that maybe there was some temporal issues. Could you be more specific on what maybe you’re seeing from a competitive perspective? And then also on top of that, how should we think about the constraints that you might be seeing in that space? And how that might translate to pricing on a forward basis? Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Well I think the pricing discussion can't be limited to just the cloud space. I think it's really a relationship between the cloud space and the client space. And the client pricing, even though it's quite low continues to be strangely aggressive and the reason I say strangely is that most of those components are low-capacity for the most part. You have a lot of single disc, two-headed products there. So you don't have a lot of cost opportunities. And yet in a demand environment that's been volatile, relatively fell flat both in notebook and desktop if you take a one year perspective. There is not a lot of movement for absorption or cost reductions from especially the single part component companies. So, continued price aggression there kind of doesn't make a lot of sense, but there are certain market segments for example in retail where a couple of our competitors seem to be battling it to the end of who can have the last 0.5 point of market share. It's just been kind of silly. It relates to the cloud market in that people can manage their overall gross margin, obviously, because the cloud products by virtue of their increased difficulty of manufacture and test, do carry higher margins. The reality is given the shift that we've had towards high-capacity we won't be able to match supply long term at these margin structures because the shift to high-end requires a lot more test, it requires a lot more heads of discs, they're harder machines to make and therefore we have to have margin structure I think in the 30% to 32% range to fund the mix change that we've seen already. The mix change that we're at is probably a year ahead of where we thought we would be. So, I think we view it more holistically of what's happening across the portfolio and it just doesn't seem sustainable for the industry to continue like this. I think as it relates to your specific topic, Seagate does have some product leadership in particular categories. Where we're very constrained, that obviously relates to pricing that remains more firm. As I indicated, there is a couple of classes of product that we're effectively sold out through the rest of the year, subject to what we can do on the manufacturing side to increase supply. So I do think that in the last few weeks we've seen some firming around the pricing on cloud, but I think the reality is, to really get the investment rates that we need long term, we're going to have to see an end of the erosion so we can basically rebuild the margin profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Reitzes with Barclays. Your line is open.
Benjamin Reitzes: Can you talk a little bit more about the client space? What are you seeing there sequentially? And with the weakness in desktops and some of the strong results in notebook and consumer, how do you see that playing out and impacting your business into the first half here? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: It's in flux. I think the whole balance between notebook and desktop has been interesting and dynamic over the last calendar year to say the least. We had a start of the year that had a lot of relative strength in desktop especially relative to what people were projecting and then the second half of the year really flipped the other way where the relative performance was on the notebook side. I think as we left the December quarter we were I suppose discouraged a bit by the lack of momentum in the client space which I think again, lends to some of the cautiousness that we're seeing as well as Intel's forecast was about 7% down on their revenue estimate and that's with the probably not nearly the pricing pressures we have. So, I think the client space is a bit in flux. It feels for us right now that actually oddly enough, that maybe desktop demand is doing well already these few weeks in the quarter whereas notebook seems to be having troubles getting started, but I think it's just going to be this constant dance between the two. And again, what you're probably looking at is relatively small growth, single, low single-digit percentages on a TAM basis through the calendar year and that just doesn't support the price aggression that we've seen in the market place. I think it's something the industry is going to figure out. And I think our supply chain is being pretty firm with us, that they just don't have additional costs to give us especially again if they're single-part providers to each platform.
Benjamin Reitzes: Okay. Just to clarify though, you think the pricing there gets better as we go throughout the year as well though?
Steve Luczo: I think the price erosion has got to stop.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Kugele: Let's talk a little bit about the cloud system side. I think you talked about it being ahead of where you thought it would be from a demand perspective. Any additional color you could provide? And how much did that weigh on gross margins in the December quarter?
Steve Luczo: Well obviously again, Rich, those class of products carry higher margins just because they're much more complex machines to build and test and develop, that business began to pick up a couple of quarters ago after as we know a few quarters of less than expected growth. We all talked about, was that a function of deployment? Was that a function of utilization rates? Or was that a function of time to deployment? Our thesis was probably time to deployment and utilization rates and that there would be an acceleration, that's what I think we're seeing. I think the backdrop of end-user demand hasn't slowed and again, anything that's high-content video is going to drive more and more demand for that class of storage. So I think for Seagate, the portfolio is quite strong. Our position in 6 terabyte is really good and we see a big demand profile. I think for a lot of the CSPs, especially the Top 15, they would almost take any amount of capacity per spindle that you could give them. If we had an 8 or a 10 terabyte drive, they would take it. They have software that knows how to manage that much data under a spindle now. So as our portfolio shifts to that, I think we've had some relative advantage and that's helped the margin, but again the client space is aggressive and it all mixes up. I think the other thing to remember though is on our new businesses and I'm not sure this has been modeled well but I'm not sure that we've been probably able to give you as much detail to model it well. So, I'm not being faultful, but our cloud business is dilutive to gross margin, that's a business. I think that we've described we're going to grow into the margin. We're adding revenue. We have really excellent confidence in the revenue profile going forward. If anything like I said, I think we're probably either on the June quarter call or we'll do it at the analyst meeting, we'll reset our revenue expectations. Again, that business comes in at a lower than corporate gross margin and we will grow into it. We will exceed the corporate margin when the thing is all fleshed out. But I think that was probably a little bit heavier in the quarter than we would have expected and then the client pricing was a little bit heavier than we would have expected in the quarter. Those were the two main drivers offset as you point out by better margin from the higher demand for our cloud products.
Rich Kugele: And then what element of your manufacturing is the tightest to be able to produce the high cap cloud drives then? Is it test?
Steve Luczo: For the competitive reasons Rich, I'm not going to specifically answer that question, but let me say this way, that product has long lead times on wafer and it has a lot of test. So between wafer and test, you're looking at 20 plus weeks of supply chain that has to be managed. So if the customer set doesn't have that fully baked into their ordering system or if they are seeing demand increases that are inside those lead times, it creates a lot of stress on the system. So what we're seeing now is a lot of stress on the system for the demand that we see this quarter and next, let's say. We can't really do much about this quarter unless we have yield improvements because you've either got a wafer issue or a test issue that's more than the quarter in duration. For next quarter we can start to line some things up. But it's really all the work we have to do for the September quarter and the December quarter and of course for that, we have to go back to our customers and say these are pretty firm orders because we're going to do a lot of things to our supply chain to accommodate that demand which will impact our total portfolio. So it's pretty dynamic right now and it's a good problem to have, but the lead times in this class of product, it's not like calling up and saying I need another million notebook drives. These are complicated machines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Keith Bachman: I had two, if I could. Steve, I want to just talk about a comment that you made previously about you thought that TAM in calendar year '15 would grow. If I look at the March quarter guidance, you're actually guiding to TAM to be down on a year-over-year basis. Where are the pockets of growth as you see 2015? Specifically, do you think as you get into 2015 that the client side on units actually grows?
Steve Luczo: I think over the course of the calendar year it does, probably low single-digits. Again, we believe March is probably the low quarter. Actually, for the first time in as long as I can remember, we're looking at from the customer demand-side, it looks like June quarter will be up versus March on the client side. Obviously, September and December are typically up as well. I think net-net, we will see a little growth. I think the real issue is what's the nature of the growth and what's the class of machine that people are offering? I think the biggest opportunity the industry is going to see, I don't think it's a calendar '15 event by the way I think it's probably calendar '16 event, but there will be a smarter client. If we believe half of what we say about the value of the cloud, while it does talk to in some applications, a lighter client, it also talks to a richer client. So whether or not that's greater compute or greater storage or greater bandwidth capabilities, especially for the knowledge worker and the value creator, these machines have to get more sophisticated not less. I don't think that's really been thought through completely. Things like Chromebook are gaining a lot of attention, but when you think about the use case of a Chromebook let just hope that's not where the world is going to check my email and weather and that's all I do. I want more faith in inhumanity than that. I actually think we're going to see a big rotation in the client in '16, but I think in '15 it's probably going to be low single-digits and March is the low quarter.
Keith Bachman: Okay, well my follow-up relates to that Steve, if I could or Pat. In gross margin, you're guiding gross margins up sequentially, if you could review some of the puts and takes and what's the sustainability of that gross margin that you guided to given the comments you just made about TAM. And that's it for me, thank you.
Pat O'Malley: Keith, this is Pat. I think, as Steve even highlighted in the revenue we see some levers there that are more apparent to us that help us manage it that even with the lack of visibility and some of the segments we would like, we still feel confident that's growing. With the backdrop of that, we see where that revenue is coming from and how we model that. We feel pretty confident in this range. As Steve said that range needs to expand and that's the backdrop of the erosion comments because the costs to deploy these are getting greater and greater. You see that in the gross margin and just as importantly is the OpEx, as we fundamentally refresh. I think we feel fairly confident on this gross margin and staying in this range, but that is on the backdrop that the erosion needs to slow down. The cost take-downs continue to happen, but you remember, these products are long in the tooth and that's why you see the OpEx with the refresh of almost the entire portfolio this year. So that's part of that as well. The gross margin I think, it's modeled pretty straight and it's the classic, how much price you can afford to make these investments, that's where it's lining up and so we feel pretty confident we can hit these numbers.
Steve Luczo: We have good cost opportunities in front of us in some of the near-term things that we can do, but we're also having this portfolio roll on us which always gives us an advantage as we wrap up the yield curve. Again, Seagate is the only company over the last 20 years has consistently rolled the portfolio across the company. We're in one of those phases again. It hits us a little bit on OpEx in terms of some of things that we have to do to prep the lines and things like that which these are one, two quarter events, but then you roll into a new portfolio and that gives us a lot of room. I think for the next couple of quarters we have underpinned cost take-downs that we're confident we can deliver relative to the shift in the portfolio and then after that, we get a whole new product line that's going to help us on both the HDD and the SSD side. Then I think going forward, while that margin profile feels secure, my point was a little different. It's got to be higher than that though to maintain the level of investments that we need, if the shift to cloud versus client continues at the rate it is. I think that's the challenge for the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: My question is more on the OpEx, if you look the OpEx guidance is on 16% [ph] you talked about related more towards refresh your portfolio and investment in cloud solution segment. So maybe if you look last 7 or 8 quarters, revenue is more like flattish on the quarterly basis. So maybe could you talk about all the investments we're seeing in the business, when can we see pick up in the top line? And the impact -- basic inflection in the revenue?
Steve Luczo: Yes we'll provide another update again, depending on where we're at on the cloud business off the June quarter certainly at the September strategic update. Basically, we're engaged with a few significant opportunities that I think will put us in position of changing that revenue forecast and to-date the growth has been strong. We're happy with the engagement that we have. Even just based on what we've done, we would probably be ahead of what we anticipated we were going to be either for Fiscal '15 or Fiscal ‘16, but there are a few opportunities that could change that in a more material way which certainly justify the tiny incremental investment that we're making in the OpEx side. Increasing the OpEx by $10 million to $15 million to get the type of revenue opportunity that we think is in front of us, we're quite confident is the right thing to do and hopefully we'll have more details on that, again, either off the June call or certainly at the September update.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Steve, with a consolidated market at inventory levels that has been quite rational the last year or so. What do you think is driving the pricing behavior? And does it suggest that we need even more consolidation maybe vertical consolidation in the industry? And then secondly, why not buy back more stock in the December quarter given the payment from WD came in early in the quarter?
Steve Luczo: Well I think in terms of the consolidation remember in the client space there is still five competitors. So a lot of people forget and I get it because of two of the entities owned by, if you will parent corps. But the reality is given the whole separate agreement that's been dictated by the Chinese government. There are five competitors in the notebook space and in the desktop space, although Toshiba is maybe not quite as strong there as they are in the notebook space. So, I think until that gets resolved we're going to have this in balance and again it's just an economic dislocation of that. It will adjust one way or the other. Secondly, I think in the retail space, there has been a battle between two of our competitors that just are refusing at this point to either give up share or not stop trying to gain share, at no matter what cost. We don't quite understand it, but that's okay. We'll just walk away from business where it doesn't make sense and redeploy our assets in the products where we can make more money. Again, that will end up creating a shortage which then will be self-adjusting somewhere down the stream. In terms of vertical integration in the industry, it's an interesting point. I don't know that it's necessary from what's happening with pricing, I think the real issue is around continuity of supply under critical key components. And especially again those components that aren't gaining the value that we gain at the drive level of the shift to the high end. It's more heads and discs, that's our two most expensive areas for capital and R&D, if you take them together. So we get the absorption we need with that shift, but if you're just selling just one part per device, it's a tough world when TAM is not growing and so that creates stresses on the supply chain that may need to either have tighter relationships in terms of the up and downstream suppliers or I guess theoretically could result in some types of consolidation in spaces that are critical components that either us or our competitors would worry about in terms of continuity of supply. So more to come I suppose in terms of how does that really play out. In terms of buyback, I think we're still in the position that we were that when we had the last call and the stock was momentarily sub $60, we said at these levels we would be aggressive and that's still our position. We will buy for anti-dilution and then will be opportunistic about buying below there. So we're thinking our buybacks over this fiscal year, next fiscal year and we want to continue to commit to return capital at the levels that we've indicated. So I don't think we're going to disappoint anybody on that front either in terms of the buybacks or the dividends or the total amount of capital that gets returned to shareholders and we'll be advantageous where we can. But I think, like we said before below $60 we believe is pretty attractive and then it's just a function of timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah: Steve or Pat, just in the context of the comments around getting the margins up to the 32% to 35% range to support cloud build and customer deployment in the second half of the year. What are the levers that you envision I guess taking place to create energy in that conversation? Should we have an expectation the margins potentially could go up in the second half of the year? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I don't know that we see an adjustment that quick or that it's needed that quick. I think the point is if the shift that's occurred continues at the rate it is then the margins have to adjust. So I think we believe the industry should be behaving with a better sense of the long-term needs on R&D and capital and what our economic models have to look like to provide that and I think in the last couple of quarters, we haven't done that as well as we should have given the demand profiles. I think we should certainly be trending that direction as soon as possible, but I don't think that means we get to the endpoint this year. By the way, it also drives revenue growth. We keep talking about in the context of margin, but the reality is the industry should be exhibiting more revenue growth, given the shift in demand to the higher capacity and more complex devices and we're just not delivering to the extent that we should. So I would like to hope that certainly for the sake of the long-term health of the industry that we start making those shifts.
Ananda Baruah: Just a quick follow-up for Pat, if I could. On the OpEx guide, as you guys roll the portfolio over the next couple of quarters, how long should we expect those levels to be the sustained levels for OpEx?
Pat O'Malley: Well as the model sits today, you would probably see a roll-off coming in the start of fiscal ‘16, but as Steve said we have opportunities in front of us that will continue to course and guide that way, but as we sit here today you should see a roll-off of that starting in fiscal '16.
Steve Luczo: Think of it this way. We would generally manage our core flat and in the next couple of quarters, there is a slight uptick in core to again prepare some of the things we have to for the roll. So then we would expect that part of the portfolio to roll back to flat and then obviously, we go for leverage where we can there and that gets back to this dynamic around are we getting paid what we need to invest in the core products? And then we have the adjacencies, whether or not that's the PCI business or the cloud business that carry a different load of expenses, but are also driving a different revenue profile. I think we all have to work together here over the next few quarters, as we manage the expense side and continue to try and provide you updates on the revenue and then we get more confidence. At the end of the day, this model could be very different, but it would only be very different if we're generating the revenue growth and ultimately the margin growth that would sustain that type of OpEx increase. Right now we're feeling pretty confident about that. So we want to make sure we continue the investments that Jamie needs for his business particular building the go-to-market capabilities, as well as some of the technical capabilities that are being put it front of us by a wide variety of customers whether they be OEM or end user or startups.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: I just wanted to ask you Steve, to remind us what your Exabyte growth expectations are for the business and thinking about the cloud Nearline Drives becoming stronger as we move through the year. How do you see that playing out in terms of year-over-year growth?
Steve Luczo: Obviously, exabyte growth on the consumer side is really high too. So depending on even the client products if you’re looking at a certain segment in the consumer area that's a lot of 2 terabyte drives get eaten up there and 3s and 4s for some of the consumer at-home applications. So I don't want to not talk about desktop because it does drive a lot of high-capacity devices and in fact a lot of high-capacity devices. In the cloud, there seems to be 4s will be the predominant capacity I would think. For the leading-edge companies, there is still a lot of 1s, 2s and 3s that are sold in the generation of cloud companies behind them whether or not those are private clouds or public and then the leading-edge ones are transitioning pretty quick to 6 and like I said, if we can make 8s and 10s, I'm sure they would take them. I look at it more, is where is the exabyte growth overall relative to areal density growth? And then also thinking about it in terms of absorption of heads and disc channel capabilities and test and all of those measures are still moving in a way that says we're constrained. Whether or not you think of it as heads and discs or test time or lead times or complexity channel or exabyte growth relative to areal density growth, they're all ahead of areal density growth that the industry can provide right now. So I think that's the dynamic we think about long-term.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. Can I just ask quickly, I know we've talked about it a little bit but the TAM guidance was down 7% Q-over-Q after a pretty soft December quarter based on typical seasonality, it seems kind of high to me. We haven't seen that kind of decline since 2009. Just trying to understand what you're seeing that make you so cautious. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: We didn't say 7%, we kind of said, we think 135 million units. I had to rewrite that sentence. Sorry, I garbled it. We don't really know where December came in, is the issue and of course being the first reporter, it could be a 142 million units, it could be a 144 million units. Maybe when the dust settles in a couple of week, we'll know really. But depending on that range and depending on what your expectation is for TAM next quarter, it kind of talks to 5% to 7%, I'm not going to debate that and that's kind of where we think. I think part of it is just again the momentum. December is always a tricky quarter because sometimes the momentum accelerates and sometimes it decreases and then sometimes that impacts what happens in the March quarter and sometimes it doesn't. So it definitely slowed down on the client side in December, that has us cautious and frankly the issues around currency and what's going on in Europe. I just think it's wiser to aim for the lower TAM and we can obviously leverage up a couple of million units pretty easily as an industry versus over-producing. And again, I have to look at the Intel midpoint and that's a company that doesn't have a lot of price pressure and they kind of guided down 7% on the midpoint of the range, so we have to take that as input as well.
Steve Luczo: All right, everybody thanks very much. Sorry we went over here a little bit and we look forward to seeing you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman and CEO Pat O'Malley - Executive Vice President and CFO Jamie Lerner - President - Cloud Systems and Solutions Dave Mosley - President, Operations and Technology Rocky Pimentel - President, Global Markets and Customers
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Stifel Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Rob Cihra - Evercore
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kathleen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Pat O'Malley, EVP and CFO; Jamie Lerner, President, Cloud Systems and Solutions; Dave Mosley, President, Operations and Technology; Rocky Pimentel, President, Global Markets and Customers; and our General Counsel Ken Massaroni. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal first quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights from the September quarter and then we will provide the company's outlook for the second fiscal quarter 2015. We will refer to non-GAAP measures which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplement. After that, we will open up the call for questions. We're planning for the call today to go only half an hour and we will do our best to accommodate your questions in that timeframe. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements about the company’s anticipated future, operating and financial performance, customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s SEC filings and supplemental information posted on the Investors Section of the company’s website at seagate.com. Any non-GAAP measures referenced on this call are reconciled to GAAP figures and supplemental information available on the section in the website. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks Kate. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated strong financial performance in the September quarter, achieving revenues of $3.8 billion and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 28.1%, net income of $453 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.34. We had another strong cash flow quarter generating $602 million in operating cash flow and $430 million in free cash flow. Our results this quarter reflect revenue upside of 7% from our original guidance in July, driven by higher than expected demand for our PC, gaming and cloud storage products. With most of the unit upside coming from the lower end of the market, we saw some pressure on our gross margin, but this was good business overall. We gained profitable share as a result and remained in our long-term model range of 27 to 32 points of gross margin. Seagate shipped nearly 60 exabytes of storage in the quarter, up approximately 22% sequentially and also year-over-year. For first time in Seagate's history, average gigabytes per drive for the quarter exceeded 1 terabyte. Our Cloud Systems and Solutions business exceeded our internal revenue plan again this quarter. And we are pleased with the momentum we have with both existing and new customers. We announced a few new products this quarter. The EVault Enterprise Backup and Recovery Appliance that now accommodates up to 100 terabytes of usable capacity and the ClusterStor 9000 solution which delivers 50% higher performance than previous ClusterStor platforms. During the quarter, we also announced a number of key leadership hires who have all deep technology industry experience and we are very excited to have them at Seagate. In September, we made a strategic investment to further build our integrated flash technology portfolio with the close of the acquisition of the SSD controller and PCI assets from Avago. We're already seeing strong demand for the new Nitro PCIE product platform with customers and we believe we will continue to gain traction in this high growth market. In addition, we saw higher than expected sales of our client hybrid drives this quarter and we are planning for sequential growth again in the December quarter. To-date we have sold over 12 million hybrids reflecting the growing interest in hybrid in the marketplace. Operating expenses and capital expenditures were in line with our expectations. Inventory, both internally and externally in the channel are within manageable levels. And we did a very good job this quarter meeting the upside demand we have from customers particularly in cloud computing. We remain committed to a thoughtful and strategic approach to our capital allocation. With respect to equity purchases, we indicated that our base plan was to offset option dilution and to be opportunistic as to purchases in excess of that amount. This quarter we deployed approximately $183 million to repurchase 3 million shares of stock, which exceeds the base plan and reflects our view of an attractive equity purchase price. Regarding our give then policy, we have stated a base plan of a 10% dividend increase for fiscal year 2015. Last week, we announced the 26% increase in our annual dividend reflecting the confidence we have in our future cash generation. Initially, we have planned for a 16% annual increase for fiscal year ‘15, but after consideration by our Board, we decided to also include a portion of the proceeds from the Western Digital Lawsuit settlement in our annual dividend. Since introducing our dividend growth policy three years ago, we have far exceeded our planned annual increases demonstrating our strong commitment to shareholder return. We also repurchased approximately $110 million of our debt in the September quarter. The debt that was repurchased was our higher coupon debt which works towards lowering our overall debt service cost and maintaining our investment grade status. Based on current market conditions and recent unexpected financial performance, we believe that both our debt and equity are attractive for us to continue greater than base plan repurchase activity. Going forward, we will continue to be opportunistic in our debt and equity repurchases. At our strategic update in September, we discussed our point of view about the architecture and economic shifts taking place in storage and a long-term view of our technology road map both in terms of aerial density and flash integration. The strength of our core business and its ability to generate cash has enabled us to pursue growth adjacencies in cloud systems and solutions as well as investing in our flash technology platform. We continue to believe our long-term financial model is solid and we’ll be investing in fiscal year ‘15 for greater revenue growth in fiscal year ‘17 and beyond. Some of these investments will have immediate benefit to our business while others will take more time, but we believe will create important strategic advantages for Seagate in the storage marketplace. As noted on our last few earnings calls, we have seen demand momentum for our storage portfolio build throughout the calendar year. Based on the September quarter activity and as a result of ongoing conversations with customers, we believe demand trends will continue to be healthy across most segments. Industry estimates are for the market demand to be approximately 145 million units in the December quarter. Seagate’s product portfolio is well-positioned competitively in this demand environment and we expect to achieve revenue of approximately $3.7 billion in the December quarter. We are targeting product gross margins to be slightly higher in the quarter recognizing we have margin pressure associated with the integration of Xyratex and Avago flash technology assets. We are planning for operating expenses of approximately $555 million, which includes the recent investments we have made in our new cloud and flash platform adjacencies. In summary, Seagate is very well positioned for continued success, while our forecasting continues to maintain a sense of caution due to macroeconomic conditions and computer industry dynamics. The trends we’re seeing in the marketplace are continuing to align with our long-term expectations for exabyte demand and the growing need for economical and efficient storage. We’ll now open up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. First of all, can you talk a little bit more about the Xyratex business in the LSI or the flash business? By my calculations, it looks you've crossed through about $200 million of revenue if not $210 million of revenue from that other volume item. Can you just talk about the trajectory of that and when you would expect that to possibly be additive to the gross margin going forward?
Steve Luczo: Yes. Again, we mentioned last call; we’re not breaking out those. We will tell you, you're wrong, we didn't breakthrough 200, but the momentum in the business is good.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: And as far as the gross margin on that piece, so you talked about that being a pressure point still to the gross margin. And when do you expect that to actually possibly swing to the positive?
Steve Luczo: During this fiscal year, we said that would sum up the pressure, but beyond that would be gross margin accretive. So, we expect in next year and beyond the gross margin accretive.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay. And the final question for me. Can you talk a little bit about the demand environment that you're seeing from a PC perspective? There is ongoing debate about inventory build. What you guys think about in terms of sell-through and that relative to the commentary going into the December quarter?
Steve Luczo: Well, this is same commentary that was going in, in the September quarter as I recall. Demand was pretty good in September through the quarter, [pull] so far in the December quarter are good; inventories are well within the balance we like to see. So, we currently don't see any stress on the system.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Hi. Thanks. Steve, you mentioned strength hybrids any color or details you can provide. You said clients of the notebook, desktop or even client server and maybe more importantly what has kind of changed in the OEMs seemingly being more interested versus two, three quarters ago?
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. This is Rocky Pimentel. Certainly we were really excited to see the success of the hybrid this quarter across both the client and midrange product categories. I think our OEMs have really embraced the value proposition of the consumer. The product experience now is equal to from a feature set, the kind of experience you have on accelerated storage, but at a very attractive price and capacity value propositions. So the OEMs have building enthusiasm for the category as Steve said. We're very positive as we go forward. And as we said, we shipped over 12 million to-date and we had a very strong quarter which was over 3 million this last quarter. So, we continue to see strength in that overall program.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Could you bucket it at all, Rocky as far as which categories, which product segments you’re seeing the biggest uptick?
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. I mean it is led by the client end, but like I said, the midrange desktop and even at the cloud class customer or products, as well as even the enterprise products we're seeing people interested in the hybrid solution. So, it's certainly been driven at the client, but it's continuing to move up the stack and we think long-term all categories will have value proposition which should get good customer traction.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Okay. And quickly on enterprise, I think it was first understandably so choppy, what if anything can you tell us about the hybrid scale et cetera plans for calendar ‘15? Specifically do you see any risks for any kind of malaise after this current spending uptick like you saw throughout fiscal ‘14?
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. I think we’re cautiously optimistic. Obviously we saw some pretty interesting results over the last several weeks from major OEM, some of the cloud providers. But I think we see overall the category is still showing optimism like Steve said quarter-to-date we’re still seeing strength in that category. So, we continue to be cautiously optimistic. And the fact that we’re servicing customers across all the key geographies gives us a lot of confidence in the category.
Steve Luczo: I think just also the hybrid deployment in enterprises, to go a little further on Rocky’s point, where we really see initial traction there is in the cloud service providers especially as they to need the specific workloads. And I think as that continues to deploy, obviously that gives some competitive advantage. So, we expect continued traction there. On the legacy side, it’s probably a longer design-in in terms of the various levels of software that have to be changed to accommodate some of the real performance improvements. So, I think it’s really the cloud service providers that are pulling that which is I think from our perspective pretty exciting given the shifts to technology there.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Helpful, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you. Just wanted to get a little more detail if you could provide it in terms of your view about the different end markets as we go into December, the TAM is going to be down roughly 3 million. Is that down part going to be PCs and what is your view about enterprise and gaming in that mix? Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Well, I don’t know that it’s down because I don’t know that anybody has been able to total up what the TAM is for September quarter yet. So, we’re just facing it off of industry analysis which is what we've said we're going to start doing. So, a lot of analysts I have talked to thought that the September quarter was 142 to 145. So, I can't say that 145 is down for December. I think seasonally, we would expect a bit of a slowdown on the gaming side, because there is a little bit of front loading for the December quarter that impacts the component companies in the September quarter. It also leads to little more linearity in October, which is nice from a production perspective. But in general, we would expect obviously gaming to be down a little bit that might be offset by retail being up a little bit and again, we seem to seeing so far cloud strength is pretty good. And I think in the client space, it's I think we're kind of finding new territory here as the shift between desktop and notebook continues to evolve. We saw really great growth in the desktop in the first half of the year and the growth has slowed down a little bit in the second half and of course notebook has taken off. So, we feel pretty good about the client side. And as you know long-term, we think it's really positive market opportunity that people haven't focused on yet. I mean if the cloud does have the things that it’s supposed to, what it means for the client is actually pretty spectacular, the view that this client goes away is kind of a traditional net zero some gain theory of technology which I think has been pretty disproven over the last 25 years. So, we think as the ecosystem grows, the end points are going to be pretty dynamic as well.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. Two questions from me; one, I guess on OpEx to start with. I guess organically if I look at it [$525] million taking of the extra week that you had in September, so is the guide of 555, that incremental $30 million call it, is that essentially all driven by the LSI assets getting rolled in or other factors being considered as well?
Rocky Pimentel: That’s driven with the full quarter of LSI asset, number one; offset coming down the 14th week, we don’t have, but we also have our annual increments next quarter. So, all that sort of washes out to be somewhat about flat quarter, slightly up. And Steve talked about we’ll continue to invest these new adjacencies which will keep us to that high-end of the 13% to 15% for the year. We’ll manage that very closely, but a lot of opportunities there. So, we’re not going to shy on those investments that yield good returns in the future.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. And then if I could just ask question on the cloud service provider market, the hyper scale side. It has been fairly lumpy for you guys in fiscal ‘14. But I’m curious as you keep expanding that customer base beyond the two, three customers we talk about, I think you talked about Baidu this time. As you keep expanding your customer-base, as you potentially interact more with them, is there a potential this becomes less volatile for you and more predictable in fiscal ‘15?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think absolutely. I think clearly for the next say two to three years, the 10 or 15 largest CSPs are still going to drive a lot of that variability quarter-to-quarter. On the lumpiness, if we think about in the last year, has been there, but if you think about it over the last three years, it’s pretty much been up into the rights phenomenon; and I still think it’s just a issue of when they get big efficiency gains either in terms of time to deployment or utilization rates, it’s still against the backdrop of demand for storage that’s accelerating against the larger and larger principal and growing probably at a faster rate. So I think even there while you may lumpiness associated with some advancements in technology, the big ones are still driving a lot of storage. And then to your point, over the next three or four years, you're going to have another maybe 2,000 or 3,000 service providers that are solving different needs which will certainly take the lumpiness out of it overall. And then throw on top of that five to seven year period of time where you're going to have Fortune 4000 deploying some version of “hybrid cloud” which should take even more lumpiness out. So again clearly, it's a diversified customer base for the drive industry relative to where we were for the last 30 years. And the long-term trend we believe is certainly less lumpiness and less concentration on the customer set.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First question is on the cloud segment. I remember on the analyst event you guys talked about 650 million to 700 million in revenue from cloud solution group. If you could talk about how that is tracking and how to think about the gross margin from that segment?
Jamie Lerner: Hey Monika, this is Jamie. We are tracking to that goal and probably beyond that. This quarter, we were over 109% of plan; we grew 11% quarter-over-quarter, seeing strength across the three big businesses that we run; EVault was up 18% year-over-year, ClusterStor and [Strata store], the high performance computing segment was up 18% year-over-year and the majority of our revenues in our OEM, our OneStor business which was up 21% quarter-over-quarter. So the business continues to grow quickly. I think the customers are excited, the partners are excited. So right now, we feel comfortable about hitting that plan this year and we see continued growth in that business for at least, say at least to eight quarters I can say continuous growth from at this point.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest: Thank you. Then the last one just a follow-up on the hybrid side, you’re getting good growth in that segment. Can you talk about is it mainly a client hybrid drive which you are seeing the strength in the market because I think you see kind of enterprise hybrid drive picks up too?
Rocky Pimentel: This is Rocky Pimentel. As we mentioned it, the majority of the strength this quarter was at the client level, but we see growing momentum in all the categories of the product lines.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest: Thank you. That’s all for me.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions, first on the hybrid side again. I believe your controllers are from the Samsung Seagate joint partnership on what you’re shipping today. And if so, will you be able to migrate that overtime to the -- although the five controller or will you continue to remain on the Samsung side?
Dave Mosley: Hi Rich, this is Dave. The controllers for the hard drive business are developed in-house, they’re not merchant controllers. We believe merchant controllers across the number of different SPP and PCI solutions that we have, but the ones that we use on the hybrid drives all the different markets that Rocky talked about this service are developed in-house.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: So, the roadmap just emerged now?
Dave Mosley: Well, I think we’ll continue to do that in-house development. We may use some external technology depending on what the best control point is for the flash that we have to use. But right now I think we feel pretty comfortable with what we have in-house to be able to keep going on the hybrid drives for quite some time.
Steve Luczo: The key to the hybrid anyhow, Rich, at that level is far more anyhow. It's the algorithms that we have that maximize the usage of a flash.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, great. And then on the cloud side, obviously your overall average capacity was up nicely, but are the cloud buyers mainly still on 4 terabyte or has they shifted to the 6 terabyte? And then within that range, can you talk about Baidu and that relationship and whether that can be applied to other accounts or you see this as bit of a one-off?
Steve Luczo: We're not going to talk about specific customers other than the press release is that we've done with their permission. In terms of capacity points, they are shifting to 6 terabyte.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning. How does the later Chinese New Year influence the pace of demand in late December early January versus the last couple of years, and then I have a follow-up?
Dave Mosley: Katy, this is Dave. We don't have too much concern about where Chinese New Year is falling relative to the back half of Q2 and then getting Q3 started. I think traditionally if you go back a couple of years we had some hypotheses that we would have a very fast January and then would slowdown after Chinese New Year. But I think given the strength that we're seeing is geographically right now, some of that maybe muted this year.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. And then Pat, I think you guided for gross margin up slightly in December. Can you just walk through the gives and takes on gross margin next quarter? And then can we get back up to that 28.5% range that you are running out in fiscal?
Pat O'Malley: Yes. I think 28.5 is sort of a sweet spot in the short run and that’s what we’re trying to move that model too on a very short run even December quarter. And that’s primary as Steve talked about, there was a lot of, if you want to call it low-end business or with the gaming generally has -- it's good cash flow business, but lower gross margin. The market mix will help drive us to that next quarter. And as Rocky talked about some of the migration to a higher capacity in the cloud, we see that going. So, we have some capacity and product mix driving it. So, those two items are probably fuelled offset by challenges we’ve talked about of integrating the rest of business, but we feel comfortable with those challenges that we could offset them. So, I think in the 28.5 is sort of sweet spot in the short run where we want to get to.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. I had two as well. Pat, just going back to the gross margin, your capacity per drive was up quite a bit and your gross margins were down sequentially. I know you mentioned the gaming probably aid up a little bit, but was there price competition also at the high-end as cloud service providers? In other words, which was the bigger impact on the gross margin change for the September quarter?
Pat O’Malley: Pricing was relatively in line with what we thought, so wasn’t a concern on that, Keith. Obviously areas where we have strong portfolio, we’ll use that and sometimes drives a little more pricing, but you get back on your volume at last just -- curve. So, we’re comfortable with the trade-offs of pricing, so we didn’t really see it as much there. Much more saw it in the market mix as a compression this quarter. And so, I think that’s placing our benefit next quarter.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Then my follow-up is on the cash cycle. Days sales outstanding was up a little bit, so your cash conversion cycle was in that 25 day range. So, it's consistent over the last couple of quarters. Is that where you anticipate being over the next couple of quarters in that 25, 26 day range or can that come back down a little bit to maybe the low 20s?
Pat O'Malley: Yes. We're targeting that for ‘20. I think I get two days of DSO for -- a lot of OEM this quarter which we generally are, but the timing of that collection was a little up, but we expect to get maybe pick up two days of DSO and we could pick up a day or two off of the DIO. So, we know where the model is off a little bit, but we think we're -- it pushed it to 25. We're very comfortable with that. That was driving overall good business that lined up for a good delivery of Q1 which is a good cash flow model for Q2. So, I think 20 would be where we push the model to; we could to be optimal where our business is today. So, that's what we're driving for.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: All right, fair enough. Thank you, Pat.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore. Your line is open.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Hi, great. Thank you very much. If I can ask two questions too because [fattened]. Just on the 14th quarter can you I don’t know give us any sense of how much you think that just mathematically boosted if at all your September quarter numbers? And then secondly just I wanted to check back on -- it sound I guess that you guys were going to pick the buyback up, again I wasn't sure if that was the message or not, but you guys had been obviously super aggressive back at Analyst Day it sounded like you were moderating, but now it sounds like you are planning to pick up back again, I just want to clarify that? Thank you very much.
Steve Luczo: Well, I don't know how much more to clarify it. We said at these levels, we believe the stock is well valued and we’ll be opportunistic about accelerating above the base plan.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Okay.
Pat O'Malley: And then on the 14th week as opposed to the quarter, it seems like it was 14 quarters but…
Rob Cihra - Evercore: I am sorry, yes, 14th week. Yes.
Pat O'Malley: Yes, but the 14th week, it’s easy to cost what it runs to do that business; we did see some tapering off in the last week of the quarter which would tie to what Steve said last quarter that a lot of OEMs tied to quarterly deals, may not look it as ‘14 or ‘13 week. So, marginally, I’d say if you do the math on just the cost, it’d actually be a little bit of drag. But we really don’t look at it that way; we look at 26 weeks over the next 27 and we thought it was a good quarter performance of lining up cost and revenue.
Steve Luczo: Okay. And then just one thing, there was a question earlier about the non-core businesses, I thought it was related to the systems business when I said it was an over 200, if we met the systems business plus LSI, then and it was over 200, so just to be clear on that.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Okay.
Operator: And I am not showing any further question -- I am sorry that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Steve Luczo: Yes, good. Just want to thank everyone, our customers, our suppliers, employees, and our shareholders. And we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-07-17 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick – Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Albert Pimentel – President, Global Markets and Customers Patrick O’Malley – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dave Mosley – President, Operations and Technology Jamie Lerner – President, Cloud Systems and Solutions
Analysts: Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Joe Yoo – Citigroup Joe Wittine – Longbow Research Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Steven Fox – Cross Research Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital, LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kathleen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's call. Joining me today from Seagate's executive team are Steve Luczo, Chairman and CEO; Pat O'Malley, EVP and CFO; Jamie Lerner, President, Cloud Systems and Solutions; Dave Mosley. President, Operations and Technology; and Rocky Pimentel, President, Global Markets and Customers. We've posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal fourth quarter and year end on our Investor Relations site at Seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights from the June quarter and fiscal 2014 and then provide the company's outlook for the first fiscal quarter 2015. We will refer to non-GAAP measures which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplement. After that, we will open up the call for questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements related to the company's historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the September quarter and thereafter and includes statements regarding customer demand in general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are also based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are based on management's current view and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ are contained in the company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2014, and in the supplemental information posted to our website. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's view of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated strong operational performance in the June quarter, achieving revenues of $3.3 billion and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 28.5%, net income of $370 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.10. We had another strong cash flow quarter generating $577 million in operating cash flow and $446 million in free cash flow. Full-year fiscal 2014 revenues were $13.7 billion and on a non-GAAP basis, we achieved gross margin of 28.5%, net income of $1.8 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $5.04. Operating cash flow generated for the fiscal year was over $2.5 billion and free cash flow was approximately $2 billion. We exceeded our shareholder capital return goals for the year, returning $2.5 billion in the form of dividends and share redemptions to our shareholders. We ended the fiscal year with approximately $2.7 billion in cash and investments, and $327 million ordinary shares outstanding. One of our strategic priorities for fiscal year 2014 was to further optimize Seagate's capital structure to support the long-term growth of the company. Over the course of the fiscal year, we successfully raised $1.8 billion in investment grade debt while retiring $700 million. These actions decreased our weighted average interest rate to 5% and extended our debt maturity profile out to 2025. We continue to be focused on making investments and acquisitions to build out Seagate's storage offering, enter new market adjacencies and expand our core technical capabilities. The first quarter for our Cloud Systems and Solutions business, which includes the OneStor systems, ClusterStor and Evolve product lines was strong and we exceeded our internal revenue plan. The traction we are achieving with existing and new customers is encouraging and we believe this momentum will create new revenue opportunities in the future. At the end of May, we announced our plan to acquire the SSD controller and PCIe assets from Avago, to further build out our integrated flash technology portfolio, expand our customer base, and drive new revenue opportunities. The transaction is on track to close at the end of August or beginning of September and we look forward to talking more broadly about our strategic plans post-close. Our fiscal year capital expenditures were $559 million below our long-term planning range of 6% to 8% of revenue. We continue to plan cautiously and focus on deploying capital towards the maintenance of our existing operation, increase technical R&D capabilities, and improvements to our global facilities footprint. Looking ahead to fiscal 2015 and beyond, the significant changes and economics and architectures taking place in the traditional storage industry continued to create opportunities for Seagate. As we plan for our next fiscal year, we remain focused on investing in our storage technology product portfolio to deliver high quality storage products and solutions that create advantages for our customers. Some of these investments will have immediate benefit to our business, while others will take more time, but we believe will create important strategic advantages for Seagate in the storage marketplace. As noted on our last call, we talked about demand momentum building towards the back-half of the year. Based on the June quarter activity and as a result of ongoing conversations with customers, we continued to see demand trends strengthening across multiple segments. This is the first time we've seen this kind of sustained traction during the last four years. In addition, while it is early in the quarter, we are seeing higher-than-normal pull rates for July and a significant increase in capacity for drive thus far. Turning to our outlook, we believe market demand in September and December quarters are being driven by a few key factors, improving sequential momentum in the cloud market and the traditional enterprise market consistent with product refreshes, sequential strength in the notebook market, and seasonal demand for gaming and branded. Taking these factors into account, industry estimates are for market demand to be approximately 142 million units to 146 million units in the September quarter. Given the current outlook for notebook demand, we anticipate the addressable market will be at the higher end of that range. In this demand environment, we believe Seagate's product portfolio is well positioned competitively. In the enterprise market, most of our major OEMs and cloud customers are qualified or are actively qualifying our 6 terabyte product. This product has many industry-leading features in terms of capacity, performance, and cost. We have also delivered 8 terabyte customer development units to major customers and cloud service providers and the initial customer feedback has been very positive. While it’s still early in the development of our Kinetic object-based storage platform, we are in deep technical discussions with a very broad-base of enterprise customers. We believe our focus on developing key values for object-based storage will make the Kinetic platform a differentiated offering in the cloud storage marketplace. In conjunction with improving dynamics in the client market, we have been focusing on optimizing our client product portfolio and reinforcing our competitive position. This past quarter we finished qualification of our 7200 RPM notebook product at all major OEMs, and we expect to quickly ramp volume in this critical space and win share that is in line with our segment averages. We are encouraged by the adoption we are achieving with key OEMs for our hybrid drives and the top three worldwide PC manufacturers now offer our hard drive in their mainstream product lines. We have seen a significant acceleration in demand and plan to ship over 2.5 million hybrid drives in the September quarter. And finally, we expect to maintain share in the gaming market and have a fully refreshed portfolio for the branded space for Seagate and LaCie products. Based on industry forecast at this time in the quarter and the competitive positioning of our product portfolio, we are planning to achieve revenue of at least $3.55 billion in the September quarter. We are targeting product gross margins to be relatively flat, recognizing we have margin pressure associated with the integration of Xyratex and the Avago flash technology assets. Operating expenses will be approximately $550 million, slightly above our long-term targeted range of 12% to 14%. We are planning for our core businesses expense to be relatively flat and approximately $35 million in one-time expenses from our planned 14-week quarter and other charges.
 : We are optimistic about our storage technology leadership position and we look forward to updating you on our vision and strategic plan at our strategic update on September 12. On behalf of the entire management team, I want to thank our employees for meeting our operational goals for the fiscal year and positioning Seagate for ongoing success in fiscal year 2015. I also want to thank our customers, partners, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support and commitment. And we can now turn it over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research: Yes, thanks, good afternoon. There is still some debate in the market around the sustainability of PC strength post Win XP. And I think your comments in the back-half you mentioned cloud and notebooks and gaming, but not desktops. So can you just talk about what you've seen in July around commercial desktop and whether that strength is continuing?
Stephen Luczo: I think it's early, Katy, but I mean what we are seeing right now is strength across all the segments.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research: Okay. And then as it relates to the constructive comments on the back-half, what do you think is driving that, is that just global improvement in macro, is that catch-up in capacity, demand as data has grown and orders have not over the last year, just curious what you think is driving the strength?
Stephen Luczo: I would say most of our customers would attribute it to just general macroeconomic strength. I do think there is, as we said, these changes between the deployment of storage and the demand for storage and those can fluctuate based on either time to deployment or utilization rates, and those are going to constantly flux over the period of years or quarters. But right now, I think the strength is being driven by macroeconomic factors.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research: Okay. And then just lastly given the potential for better fundamentals in the back half, what should we expect on the buyback in the first-half of fiscal 2015?
Stephen Luczo: We'll talk about our capital allocation plan at the strategic update in September.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Stephen Luczo: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. Two questions; one, maybe you can just talk a little bit on the Enterprise Drives, what do you expect in the back half between the mission critical and the capacity-optimized drives? Do you expect both of them to see robust trend? Is one better than the other?
Stephen Luczo: Yes, Rock, you answer that.
Albert Pimentel: Yes, this is Rocky Pimentel. So, on the enterprise side, we expect consistent improvement based on our OEM customers anecdotal and forecasted data. On the cloud side, I think our anticipation is the capacity driven products going more into the cloud side and we see probably a stronger sentiment in the cloud side as we go through the remainder of the back half of the year.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And if I can just clarify the second part, the $550 million of OpEx that you guys are talking about for the upcoming quarter. $35 million of that is related to extra weeks or extra, how should we think about $550 million run rate on a quarterly basis go forward?
Patrick O’Malley:
 :
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: And is that…
Stephen Luczo: And then at the – and at the Strategic Update, we'll provide a better annual and quarterly outlook on OpEx, because these will be two quarters and on the Xyratex business and kind of a couple of months and at least on the knowledge of what other side looks like. So, we're going to give you more transparency about what the overall OpEx looks like at that time.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And I guess, Pat, just to clarify this thing of the extra week, is that a net neutral or bit of a drag to your operating margin and EPS?
Patrick O’Malley:  It's a good question. I've been around this business a long time. This is probably my fifth cycle, 14 weeks. We certainly expect to get some marginal uplift on that 14th week, but the way OEMs negotiate on a quarter-to-quarter basis, you can have some debate on that. There's not too much debate on the OpEx or the other costs and they're fixed and we know those, so – but we've modeled it.
Stephen Luczo: 
 :
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: That's helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Yoo with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Joe Yoo – Citigroup: Thank you. So, I wanted to ask more of a longer-term strategy question, and more specifically to the NAS market, and obviously, you announced some products and, I wanted to ask that question, because the Soho market that you're targeting, it appears to be fairly sizeable. I mean there's, I think over 5 million firms just in the U.S. with 20 employees or less. So, and also your major storage customers don't really participate in that market. So could you help us, maybe, size that opportunity and, and how soon it could become a meaningful contributor to the P&L?
Stephen Luczo: I think the key to it being a significant contributor to the P&L revolves around software. I think still to-date, the main inhibitor to that market really achieving its full potential is that the software is difficult to use. And it's an area where we've been making investments and are trying to solve that problem. But to your point, the market is attractive. I want to say, shouldn't guessed at this, but I want to say this is $1 billion market or something like that when you take all the companies that we know and then hear about often and then maybe some of, what goes through integration. I think the difficult part is, what goes through the VAR channel and SI channel that ends up being a NAS product, we lose visibility on things like that. But I do think that this is a substantial market that likes the DAS market as the drive industry started delivering more integrated products with software and hardware that, that's opportunity for us on the NAS side. And again, our distribution channel really knows how to reach into VARs and SIs that have storage expertise, so I do think it's a potential but and so the software gets a little easier to use. I don't think it's going to be as addressable as it probably should be.
Joe Yoo – Citigroup: Got it. Thank you, Steve, for the color. And Dave, I believe in the past you talked about various cost levers like scrap, warranty, and freight, and where do you see opportunities in the second half to maybe further optimize costs?
Dave Mosley: I think we'll continue to pull those levers as much as we possibly can. There are some product transitions going on, for example, the 6 terabyte and things like that. So, as we get up the initial ramp and then are able to get our yields up and work those issues, we can continue to take costs out. So I think products transitions and more efficient use of internal components, high number, high component counts that cover fixed costs, things like that. There's a lot of opportunity there. Also there are some synergies that we get from some of the acquisition stuff that we've done like, for example, Xyratex, making the supply chain flow better up and down. I think there will be some cost opportunities there as well.
Joe Yoo – Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Hi, thanks. If you're willing to, just a question on the rationale behind the LSI acquisition, I think the WarpDrive piece, the PCIe is self-explanatory, get you closer to the hyperscale guys. But I really want to ask you on the core SandForce, the standard FSPs. I know the standard control is typically focused on kind of the channel SSD and replacement SSD market, so just curious, any quick thoughts of how that second piece is complementary to Seagate?
Dave Mosley:
 :
 :
 : Steve talked about how that market's growing quite a bit, so I think there's a lot of synergies there, I hope that answers your question.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Great, thanks. And then switch gears to branded quickly, you said, you have some work to do on the, on product introductions coming up here. I don't know if you can give any more details there. And second, what is the reasonable expectation of kind of go-forward unit growth for brand? And I only asked, because your units grew only a point last year. I know Toshiba kind of aggressively grabs some share early in the year, which didn't help. But if you can give us your updated thoughts on what the long-term, mid-term secular growth rates is here?
Albert Pimentel: Yes, this is Rocky Pimentel. So, I think we're still looking at a single unit direct-attached storage market for branded for the next couple of quarters that being the dominant product. But like Steve talked about, that the – today that the branded has pretty much serviced the small home office type category of products and then demands. But I think as we see our product's roadmap over the next 18 to 24 quarters, we'll start to be introducing additional more complex products in the NAS, with a focus on the user experience and the software offering. So we totally recognize the opportunity as the segmentation between traditional – between real consumer and true small business emerges that – it's an opportunity for us to continue to offer low-end complex NAS storage to that segment.
Stephen Luczo: I think a lot of that where the real research on the market side, and Jamie can lean on this as well as this line between prosumer to small business to medium business, and which of those segments you are going to be serviced through HTDs through cloud offerings, whether or not it's an AWS-type solution or a hybrid solution where there is local storage as well as some cloud-based storage.
 :
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thank you. I think you kind of dovetailed a little bit with the comments that you just made. Can you talk a little bit more about your Xyratex business and in particular your ability to position a solution sale into the cloud opportunities? Has that started to materialize? How much was the Xyratex revenue contribution this last quarter relative to the $100 million? And maybe talk about how we should think about the trajectory of that opportunity going forward?
Stephen Luczo: Jamie, do you want to handle it?
Jamie Lerner: Hey, Aaron, this is Jamie. Maybe I'll take a moment and highlight some of the accomplishments this quarter. ClusterStor which is our high performance computing business is gaining a significant amount of traction in the oil and gas and healthcare verticals especially genomic sequencing as well as seeing a lot of strength in the government sector for immense big data deployments. Aaron, to give you an idea of the scale these projects, our team closed a 65 petabyte, 3-petaflop deal with a European weather service, as well as we recently won a 82 petabyte deal in partnership with Cray, that's delivering 1.7 terabytes per second for immense data processing to the U.S. government. Of the Fortune Five, two of those oil and gas companies are using ClusterStor for their exploration and geospatial analytics. Now, for the cloud-scale folks that you talked about as a sign of that pipeline, we are responding to a 0.5 zettabyte and a full zettabyte storage opportunity for the world's largest cloud storage operators. Few other points that are worth mentioning is also with ClusterStor we have an item called the Secure Data Appliance, which is the world's fastest data analytics engine. And this product achieved the Intelligence Community Directive, ICD 503 this quarter. And for those you don't know what that is, this is a group that oversees the analytics work for the Intelligence Community and has certified us for the world's most secure data projects for the U.S. Intelligence Community.
 :
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Right. And so when I think about that opportunity or that business trajectory materializing and considering that you are stripping out the pass-through effect of what Xyratex would have been historically selling on hard disk drive content. How do I think about the margin profile and how that could progress and play into the Seagate story? And I'll cede the floor.
Patrick O’Malley: So let me take that Aaron, this is Pat, and if Jamie wants to add color, please, Jamie, add more color. But when we made the acquisition we knew it was the – the first thing, we were going to stabilize the asset and I think what you're hearing from Jamie is, we stabilize it and start reinvigorate the product lines, that's the good thing. As we go through the fiscal year, we really, the only thing we really said was the revenue would be $500 million to $600 million. I can tell you here we'll probably get more color, but we really don’t want to break this business out, so it gets about $1 billion, but with that $500 million to $600 million, like I said, we are trending in the high part of that, but it won't be accretive during the first fiscal year, but it will thereafter. I think the margins have a slight drag, but should trajectory through the course of the year get equal to and above. So we like the path, but there is a bit of reinvigorating that product line to drive that and Jamie stabilizing the existing and growing with the new.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Very good. Thank you.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Thanks. Good afternoon. First of all, could you just expand on your comments about the significant increase in average capacities that you are expecting for the second half of the year, where exactly you're seeing it, what's driving it from the customer-end? And then secondly, can you help us put the 8% growth in exabytes versus the 4% decline year-over-year in revenues, what's making up the difference there? Thanks.
Stephen Luczo: Well, on the growth thus far, it's just – we're just using an average capacity for drive across the board, which is – from where it’s been the last several quarters and that’s across all customers. And we are not going to talk about customer specific or market specific.
Unidentified Company Representative: Clearly the high capacity drives are getting higher capacity and lower-end drives are going up in capacity, so there is multiple drivers driving the average size of the drive sold up.
Stephen Luczo: What's driving it is richer content and more people needing access to richer content.
Patrick O’Malley: And data, right.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Okay. And then just putting the…
Stephen Luczo: Would you restate the second half of the question?
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Yes, I think you said in your prepared remarks that exabyte growth was up 8% year-over-year for the quarter, your revenues were down 4% year-over-year, so how would we split between the two?
Patrick O’Malley: I think as we highlight the back-half of the year, where the cloud was somewhat muted, where they're the richest drives. We saw the average capacity of drive go up, but we saw as we talked about in the last two quarters, where we had some whether it’s enterprise or cloud that was somewhat muted, we see that accelerating. So what we saw were growth in a lot of the – in the notebook drives, which are per unit, a lot lower capacity, but that even as those units go out, their capacity for drive is increasing. So I think you have to look at the whole portfolio, but if you look at it individually you will see an increase of every drive capacity across the board. So every segments getting richer, it’s just the mix that's sort of covering that story up.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Thank you.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. Just going back to the Xyratex revenue question, I think you had said in this quarter, you thought that revenue would be about a $100 million in this quarter. It sounds like you guys think that it was higher than that based on the $500 million to $600 million annual revenue run-rate at this point, is that fair?
Patrick O’Malley: Yes, that's fair. Like I said, we're not breaking it out and until we get to a significant more scale, but that's probably a fair assessment.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just looking at the guidance for $3.55 billion, am I – is it fair to assume that you are not including any revenue benefit from the fourth quarter, I'm sorry the extra week in the quarter?
Patrick O’Malley: We're some marginal, but not, as Steve says, it's not a 1/14, it’s very small.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just looking at your guidance versus the TAM guidance, it looks like revenue is going to be up at the midpoint about 8% versus units up maybe 6% to 7%, is that because of better mix, why do you expect the ASPs to go up? Thanks.
Patrick O’Malley: That's all mix, as we talked about in the last call, where we see the strengthening in the back-half of the enterprise and the cloud, classic enterprise and cloud, that's being fuelled by that, and it's also being fuelled by richer content of richer of mix up of every segment drive.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon. Actually just taking on the last comment, Pat, what do you think – in terms of pricing dynamics in the retail segments, are you expecting prices to go up there as well? And then I have a follow-up.
Patrick O’Malley:  If I look at the whole portfolio, it’s relatively benign. It has been relatively benign for a while. We expect it to stay that way. We don’t – we’re not a company that place quarter-end deals. We sure just – we run a long-term business model and we expect pricing to be relatively stable, what we’ve seen over the last year.
Stephen Luczo:  And when you say retail, Richard, are you talking about branded?
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC:  Yes.
Patrick O’Malley:  So we don’t see price rises, but we see relatively price stability. 
Stephen Luczo:  I’d say that the price competition has been less aggressive than it was earlier in the year.
Albert Pimentel:  Yes, and I would say, this is Rocky Pimentel, where we see a benefit of mixing up of capacities in the retail portfolio, strength in the one terabyte, two terabyte offerings, and as we continue to go out over the next few quarters, so certainly that’s going to be positive impact to the retail business across the industry basically.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC:  Okay, and secondly on the margins, as you look at the balance of the year taken into account Avago and what you’re doing with the Xyratex business, do you think that there’s greater leverage on the gross margin side or on the operating margin side?
Patrick O’Malley: For the fiscal year, I think we have more leverage on the gross margin, the operating leverage will be a little more difficult during fiscal 2015 until we get to scale and as we knit these companies together to get more efficiencies as Dave highlighted on the supply chain as we look at all the facilities, we got to knit those in but that’s going to be the challenge if you want to think of it that way for us in fiscal 2015 to set up a good 2016. But the gross margin leverage I think we’re going to have tools to optimize that better than the operating for the first 12 months.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC:  Okay and then just lastly, Steve, you mentioned that for the first time in four years, you’re starting to see a little bit better demand and visibility out of the OEMs. I’m just interested, are you seeing any changes in behavior regarding inventory or hubs or how they want to manage the business this time around or do you think you can maintain the same supply demand discipline that’s been in place for few years? 
Stephen Luczo:  No, I didn’t say OEMs, I said customers.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC: For Customers. 
Stephen Luczo:  And I think I'll do a quick answer and then I’ll let Dave talk on the operational side, which is really what you asked. But I would say across the customer base globally, there’s a greater degree of confidence about what’s ahead of us for the next four quarters than what I had felt anytime in the last – since the debacle of 2008 September. And we’ve had a couple of starts before as I mentioned on the last call, but this is I think the first time that’s actually sustained itself here at the end of the summer. And I think that’s encouraging and then in terms of the operational side, I think, things just continue to get better in terms of people understanding that as my friend, John Monroe says inventory is not an asset, Velocity is important. And therefore, lean supply chains are where people make money. But I’ll let Dave talk to that because we’ve made a lot of good progress with some of our key customers there. And in that case it has been mostly OEMs.
Dave Mosley:  Right, to that end, Rich, we’ve had a lot of success optimizing freight lanes, using the right kind of freight, whether it’s ocean or rail, not air, and using super hubs rather than individual jet-hubs [ph] for everybody, to do late stage postponement and things like that, that's really helped our inventory positions and that’s helped by the fact that some of the big OEMs are working complexity across every segment. They’re doing a really good job there. We can always redeploy those drives out of the channel or whatnot if they don’t have the demand and I think just in the last few years, that’s been a market change in our industry. We just continue to work on that systems that enable that with our key partners.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC:  Great, excellent. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities:  Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick – the market share was just a bit lower in the quarter, about 39 points, usually it’s been 40% around, any particular reason or you think it’s just quarter-over-quarter noise?
Stephen Luczo: No, I think it’s quarter-to-quarter noise. Again, the industry still has competitively at the end of the quarter that Seagate tends not to participate in, and there’s also big shifts on depending on where your relationship is with which gaming company and you are at in the cycle with that gaming company. You could see SharePoint moves off of a point. So half point moves are noise level to us. We believe we’re going to win with good solid product execution, better performance, better reliability, and we’re not worried about where the share is at these levels. This is a revenue share, our exabyte share has been relatively flat for the last four or five quarters. And we really focus probably more right now on revenue share and exabyte share than we do on unit TAM share as long as we are getting enough absorption. Because of the shift, the higher capacity for drive that we’re seeing across the portfolio, we’re absorbing heads and disks and that’s what we need to do.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Then just as a follow-up, Seagate currently uses much higher external media and head capacity. Do you think you will move more of it in-house, just maybe it could help the margins more?
Stephen Luczo: If we were really short-term focused that would be something we could do. But our thesis is that there will be long-term constraints in the supply of storage versus the demand of storage. And therefore, we believe the partnerships that we have with our head vendors and our disk vendors and other parts vendors will be well served over a longer-term view, where we can more efficiently use our capital and frankly more efficiently use our R&D dollars as we are with some of our partners right now.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities:  All right. Thanks a lot. That’s all from me.
Operator: Our next question – our last question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean. Your line is open.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital, LLC: Hey, thanks, guys, for squeezing me in. Two, if I could. The first, Steve, is for you with regards to your comments around, I guess, 12-month visibility. I guess 12-month visibility has sort of increased demand to go along with the customer visibility there. Does that include your hyperscale customers? And I guess really what my question is, do we have maybe longer than a two-quarter deployment cycle here with hyperscale?
Stephen Luczo: Again, my comments were about what customers are seeing across the board in terms of the macro trends in the world and the confidence it gives them in their business models. You can’t draw one to one correlations and what does that mean, this hyperscale customer or that hyperscale customer. Every one of those companies that are providing public, cloud services are operating under different business models with different architectures, different applications, different deployment rates. So I’d hate to paint a big broad stroke other than the general confidence level of people running technology companies or that are involved with the business of technology as strong as I’ve seen it in four or five years.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital, LLC: Okay. Got it, guys, that's helpful. And then my follow-up is with regards to gross margins, you're forecasting flat gross margins, even with the cost load of the acquisition, which would suggest gross margins, I guess, up year-over-year without that load. And then I guess there was some commentary around having leverage through the year with regard to the acquisitions to get some gross margin leverage. So my question is, we had a few quarters of year-over-year gross margin increases, sort of on an apples-to-apples basis, without the acquisitions, do you think we're in sort of an environment now where that kind of dynamic could more or less continue for the foreseeable future? And then the second part is, given you have levers on gross margin from the acquisition, should we expect a little bit more expansion even on top of that over a reasonable period of time?
Stephen Luczo: We’re going to talk about the long-term gross margin models in September. I think viewing the company without the acquisitions at this point is irrelevant. I think the trends are, again, that if the fundamental demand is towards higher capacity per drive, subject to a benign relatively, rational pricing environment, where we match supply and demand closely and don’t do silly things to, take a point of share for no obvious reason. Then yes, the general margin structure improves from the industry, but it has to. For us to hit the demand profiles that we see out in 2016 or 2017, we will not be able to do it on capital to revenue of 6% to 8%, and I don’t think, we're going to be able to do it on 28 points of gross margin. I mean we just – to deploy the amount of capacity that we have to, to hit the multiple zettabytes of demand out in 2017 or 2018, we’re going to have to establish more consistent business models. So if it isn’t moving in that direction, the industry is going to be even more challenged.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital, LLC: Got it. Appreciate that.
Stephen Luczo: I want to thank everybody for taking time on the call today. We will see many of you prior to the next call, because we have the Analyst Day on September 12. In the meantime, we thank you for your continued support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pat O’Malley - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rocky Pimentel - President, Global Markets and Customers Dave Mosley - President, Operations and Technology Jamie Lerner - President, Cloud Storage and Systems Ken Massaroni - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Aaron Rakers - Stifel Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joe Wittine - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s Fiscal Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jackie and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today from the Seagate executive team is our Chairman and CEO, Steve Luczo; EVP and CFO, Pat O’Malley; President, Global Markets and Customers, Rocky Pimentel; President, Operations and Technology, Dave Mosley; President, Cloud Storage and Systems, Jamie Lerner; and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this moment we are experiencing technical difficulties. Your conference will resume shortly. You are back in the line.
Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations: Information concerning risk, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from the expectations described herein are contained in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2013 and in the supplemental information posted to our website. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s view of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kate. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before I begin our quarterly overview, I’d like to welcome Jamie Lerner who has recently joined Seagate and is our President of Cloud Systems and Solutions. Jamie is leading the integration of the storage systems business that we have recently acquired with Xyratex in addition to other cloud initiatives within Seagate. We expect Jamie to provide more details about these initiatives on next quarter’s call. Now, I will review the key figures from our fiscal third quarter. Seagate demonstrated solid execution this quarter achieving revenues of $3.4 billion, net income of $395 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.17. On a non-GAAP basis, we recorded gross margins of 28.5%, net income of $453 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.34. During the March quarter, we shipped 50.8 exabytes of storage and average 920 gigabytes per drive across our portfolio. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 14.7% and operating expenses were $470 million slightly better than our plan due to lower variable compensation and cost containment efforts. Inventory turns, days sales outstanding were within our targeted ranges. We continue to manage our capital investments closely and our production cautiously and we are pleased with our performance against our metrics for manufacturing efficiency and operational excellence. For fiscal year ‘14, our capital investments are running below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue and it will most likely be below the range for the full fiscal year. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $443 million and free cash flow was $319 million. There were various reasons operating cash flow was impacted this quarter, some of which were non-recurring in nature and some front-end linearity. We expect to be back to our normal level of operating cash flow in the June quarter and we anticipate achieving operating cash flow of at least $2.7 billion for the fiscal year. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in cash and investments. We continue our focus on returning capital to shareholders. And during the March quarter, we returned $324 million, including $184 million to redeem 3.5 million shares and $140 million for a quarterly dividend of $0.43 per share. We are planning for a similar level of cash return in the June quarter, which will keep us on track to exceed our shareholder capital allocation goals for the fiscal year. We are currently in the early stages of planning for fiscal year ‘15 and we will update our capital allocation plans on the July call. We closed our acquisition of Xyratex on March 31 slightly earlier than planned. The addition of Xyratex will further ensure uninterrupted access to important capital equipment for our integrated supply chain and expand Seagate’s storage solutions portfolio with their enterprise data storage systems business and high-performance computing business. We are in the initial stages of integration planning and we expect the acquisition to be slightly EPS accretive in fiscal year ‘15. We continue to believe that this decade will be transformational in the amounts of data created as well as where and how data will be stored. The economics of storage infrastructures are changing as utilization of public and private hyperscale storage and open-source solutions are working to reduce the total cost of ownership of storage, while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage power. Growth in mobile, personal devices, video surveillance and big data analytics are all trends that we believe will continue creating significant demand for next generation storage systems and solutions. Through our technology investments, we are aligning our storage product portfolio with these emerging trends, which we have categorized as mobility, cloud and open-source computing. We believe the significant investments we are making at the drive device level can bring even higher capacities, faster access time, increased reliability and improved overall efficiency to storage systems. Examples of these investments are reflected in the new products we introduced this quarter, including our 6 terabyte nearline enterprise drive, which is our highest capacity, self-encrypting product for server and storage systems and the fastest nearline drive on the market. We believe we will see a strong ramp for this product in the second half of the calendar year, as enterprise cloud customers continue to push for higher density drive technology. Our seventh-generation surveillance drive, which can store over 500 hours of high-definition video, is specifically designed for the high right workloads of surveillance applications. It is estimated that surveillance cameras worldwide are producing over 400 petabytes of data each day. And we believe this market will continue to be a high growth opportunity for Seagate. In addition, market interest for Seagate’s object-based Kinetic Open Storage platform continues to grow across many industry verticals. We believe the Kinetic platform will be a fundamental underpinning for next generation cloud architecture and we continue to actively cultivate an ecosystem of system integrators and software developers. We plan to have further technology development and customer announcements later this year. Turning to our outlook, the market environment in the tech sector remains dynamic with visibility somewhat limited. We therefore continue to plan conservatively for the near-term, while providing flexibility to meet importer upsides and make investments for the longer term opportunities we have discussed. For the June quarter, we are planning for revenues of at least $3.3 billion and operating expenses of $505 million, including the acquisition of Xyratex. As we just closed this acquisition, we are not modeling synergies assumptions at this time. Non-GAAP margins of approximately 28%, down slightly from the March quarter reflecting seasonality, market mix and with relatively stable pricing and maintaining overall market share of approximately 40% to 42%. Our June outlook assumes unit demand to be down a few points with negotiated pricing having been relatively benign. The outlook also assumes Exabyte growth will be modest due to seasonality in the client and branded markets as well as due to a few specific temporal factors in the enterprise and nearline market this quarter. These factors include a few significant enterprise customers are absorbing in-house drive inventory and reducing disk drive purchases in the June quarter as they prepare for their new product introductions planned for the second half of the calendar year. And a number of cloud service providers have accelerated their time to deployment and have improved overall utilization and existing cloud infrastructures during the last three to four quarters, thereby absorbing their in-house drive inventory over the last two to three quarters. Based on current customer sentiment, we are planning for a stronger market demand in the second half of the calendar year as these entities deploy new build outs. As we look ahead at the second half of the calendar year, we are anticipating the stronger seasonal demand in the client and branded markets that we have seen historically and for the temporal issues in the enterprise and nearline market to be resolved. Given these factors, we would expect market demand at the higher end of the range we have seen over the last several quarters with continued benign price erosion. On behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank our employees for their performance this quarter and thank our customers, partners, suppliers for their support and commitment as well as our shareholders. At this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions, I guess first just a follow-up, Steve on your last comment there on pricing, so your indications from conversations with the OEMs that you think that the second half if their demand profile plays out that you can maintain this or even a lower level of price erosion quarterly?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean if we break it down by market, Rich I think on the client side both notebook and desktop, those markets have stabilized I would say over the last year, I mean I think we have been pretty consistent in saying we thought it was kind of flattish market year-over-year. And it seems to continue to be so and I think for the rest of the year we are probably thinking the same, which would imply maybe low-single digit growth for the second half of this year relative to the first half, but flattish year-over-year. That pricing has been pretty stable overall. There has been shifts by the OEMs in terms of capacity points that they have been purchasing. Nearline, I think has been aggressive in the last couple, three quarters and I just don’t see those price erosions sustaining themselves, given the capacity points that we have to deliver over the next year, going from 6 to 8 to 10 terabytes, that’s a lot of technical investment as you know, it’s also a lot of test investment. And therefore I think that the margin profile on those drives is about where they can be in order to sustain the investment that we have to make going forward. So I would say that I would see a reduction in that price erosion to something close to what we are seeing on the client side.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. And then just lastly I don’t know if Jamie wants to handle this or Pat, but how should we be modeling the progression to neutral to slight accretion from Xyratex, how long do you think it will take to get to a more efficient operating model for that business?
Pat O’Malley: This is Pat. Jamie could add color to it Rich, but obviously we haven’t started the synergies. Jamie and his team and Dave and his team are working on the capital equipment group have already started that. I would imagine you would see incremental improvements quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, we want to drive the top line growth as well and not just the OpEx, but I would expect you see OpEx reshaping over the next two quarters and start seeing signs of that in the P&L as Jamie reshaped the top line that will probably take a little longer.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: And will the Evolve business be rolled up into that entity?
Steve Luczo: Well, Jamie has responsibility for Evolve as well and we are going to through the work right now to figure out how they are going to integrate our Evolve business, Xyratex, our data center operations business and some of the business – some of the new efforts that we had focused on devices aimed towards hyper scale inside the both the product management and the design center, so all of that will be under Jamie.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Please proceed.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Thanks for taking the questions. So the first question just to build on Rich’s question on the Xyratex transaction. We actually build our models I have got a lot of questions around how we think about the gross margin of bringing Xyratex into the fold, relative to what Xyratex were to look like on a standalone basis to gross margin on that systems business. So maybe you can help us understand at least albeit early how we should think about that gross margin trajectory from that revenue stream and are you still targeting $500 million to $600 million in revenue for the first fiscal year of combined, that being in the model?
Pat O’Malley: This is Pat. I think the $500 million to $600 million is where what we are targeting whether we can achieve that obviously we are engaging with customers has been pretty positive. So that would be the model we are aiming to, but even with that with the gross margins probably 10 to 20 basis points drag on overall HDD, but we would hope to even neutralize that as a year, but that’s what we are modeling now.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, can you talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about capacity shipment trends in the overall hard disk drive industry, I think obviously at 8% year-over-year growth that’s a little bit off the pace that we saw outlined at the analyst event back in 2013 I think 26%. So maybe you can help us understand are we changing at all from that growth trajectory in terms of capacity shift are you still comfortable that that’s a progression we are working towards?
Steve Luczo: I think we are still working towards that projection. I don’t, it’s an interesting discussion between capacity shipped versus capacity deployed. And I think – I usually typically think of it in terms of capacity deployed, i.e. end user demand of petabytes versus ability to deliver aerial density. And I do think that there has been a lot of inventory absorbed over the last six months as again on the cloud side as utilization rates have bumped and deployment times have been blocked down. And you know at least of one major customer that also kind of redeployed a bunch of drives into cold store or warm store. All those customers have kind of said that that one-time event or series of one-time events is kind of over and they were looking at second half demand that more reflects the end user growth in data. And their end user growth in data is actually, probably accelerated not decelerated over the last six months. So that’s why I am still fundamentally encouraged by the overall delta, which is what’s petabyte growth at the demand level versus aerial density growth and I still believe it’s running two laps at least.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay, thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi, I think I just wanted to ask a quick question about your expectations for Xyratex in terms of how much revenue they add next quarter, I guess I would have thought the revenue would have ticked up some based on the benefit of having Xyratex in the business?
Steve Luczo: Yes, about $100 million, but it’s really hard to say right now, because again you may have a big test business, which we now own and we have to kind of – we don’t really know what the order profile of that business is going to look like yet. I mean, obviously their customers are still deciding which orders to place when and then of course we have to be able to fulfill those and that timing isn’t completely understood yet either. So I think right now we are thinking about $100 million. I think you also have to recognize that the systems business was declining fairly rapidly over the last year. And the good news is, is that the traction with our OEMs has been quite positive in terms of their perspective on what they might do with us now that it’s owned by Seagate, but of course, the lag time on that is fairly long as well. It’s not like they are making order and we shipped it this quarter. So, I think we have to recognize that those revenues were falling and we are kind offsetting the fall of that revenue as quickly as we can. So, all in all, I think about $100 million, which kind of speaks to a seasonal decline in the June revenue numbers for the HDD business. And then we will just see what happens with the test business, whether or not the Xyratex business picks up a little bit. Good news on the Xyratex business is they do a lot of the integration for some of the new storage architectures as well and we have seen a lot of encouraging signs from those customers buy Seagate’s ownership as well. So, I think we just have to get a little more time under our belt to be able to be more articulate about what that revenue profile looks like and we hope to do that in the call for the June quarter.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you, Steve. And then I just wanted to follow up with a question about your expectations for PCs, you were generally pretty positive in your comments earlier about the PC market, but I think some people are concerned that maybe the XP refresh impact is starting to wane, so wanted to get your updated thoughts? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: In general, I think versus last quarter where it felt like business was getting some traction. And I was a little bit cautious about – but we are going to be really disappointed in April or May like we were kind of the last two cycles that’s happened. I actually have to say that I am more encouraged in terms of what I think is going on, on a global basis in terms of economic activity and what that means for technology spending in general. So, I mean, I think that we are – we have stabilized the decline and I think we are going to see some modest growth across – really across all segments here going forward. June quarter is obviously, mostly always seasonally down except for when we have been recovering from floods or huge cutbacks by the industry. So, where we are at in June? I actually feel okay about and the back half of the year is we are starting to get some good indications from customers about stronger shipment scenarios.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Steve Luczo: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please proceed.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions from me. First of all, I don’t know if there is any more detail in terms of what the initial steps are that you guys had tackled in terms of integrating Xyratex, it will be great to get some more color on that. And then secondly, Steve, in terms of some of the temporal issues you mentioned, you did mention that higher utilization of HDDs. I guess is that something that we should think of as an ongoing impact of some new technologies, have been sort of ramped into some service provider capital models?
Steve Luczo: Not as I have heard the conversation, which has been directly with two of the largest CSPs that they are more. Again, I think people can understand that for the big CSPs today that are buying directly mostly from the drive industry, they are all employing very different architectures. I am not sure if we grasp this yet that those architectures are in fact their proprietary competitive advantages for the application set that they are serving. So, the Google implementation is very different than Microsoft’s is very different than Amazon’s and different than AWS’ versus the rest of Amazon versus eBay. And what’s happening is that as they are pursuing different architectures to achieve those application sets, they have breakthroughs every once in a while whether or not they are on how quickly they can get a server up and running and active with storage to how they get utilization rates and then in a couple of cases over the last couple of quarters, a couple of those really being providers have either dramatically pulled in time to deployment in one case, because I think they were probably not competitive and/or kind of step function improvements and utilization. The conversations are pretty much that I have had it pretty much some of those technical leads have pretty much concluded that that’s it for a while. And then you know in another year or two maybe there is another step function change. I just think that’s the nature of the business with those big CSPs that are calling multiple billions of dollars into their infrastructures. So, I don’t think it was like some magic of some new technology. And by the way I wouldn’t say it was disk drive related, I think it’s overall system related that those are utilization rates and deployment rates that have improved, not just targeted towards disk drives. I think it’s across the board.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great, that’s very helpful. And then just any other color on what are the first steps in terms of or you got to get a handle on with Xyratex?
Steve Luczo: I will let Jamie talk to it, because he has been into it the most.
Jamie Lerner: Hey, Steven, this is Jamie. I mean, I think we are thinking about the acquisition of Xyratex in terms of putting together both a technical architecture and a business architecture. On the technical architecture side, we are looking at ways and drilling in with our customers in the ways that we can combine the storage devices that we have into the enclosures and appliances that Xyratex builds. And working with our customers say, are there architectures that we can come up with that allow us to achieve synergies or technical breakthroughs by combining those technologies, essentially Seagate on Seagate methods. On the business architecture, we are looking at can we provide greater operations, manufacturing and logistics synergies between the disk business and the enclosure business to pull cost out of the model as well. So, we are working to do both those and next quarter we should be able to come back with a strategy.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great, that’s all. Very helpful. Good luck going forward with that.
Steve Luczo: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. Two questions for me. One on the enterprise side, Steve you talked about a couple of the temporal issues that are impacting the enterprise business. It sounds like enterprise units both mission-critical capacity will be down sequentially in June. I am curious are we seeing incremental conversations about SSDs becoming a more of a replacement option on the enterprise side and if that’s the any parts, especially for nearline drives?
Steve Luczo: No. Again, I mean, I just don’t – the architectures aren’t really about replacing HDDs. I mean, we have kind of been over this a whole bunch of calls. SSD deployment is about the acceleration and fast data processing. HDD is about storing data and they complement one another. So, it’s not that architectural shift. What’s happening is we have two big customers who are both about to release new products on the storage side, which are mostly HDD-based storage products for the second half of the year. And when they do that, they typically bleed down all the inventory they have inside of their company in various labs. And I mean, people don’t realize the scale of what some of these customers do in terms of the drives that they hold for a number of years as they test these systems. And when they get to the end of a product cycle, they basically are able to flush through all that technology as they prepare for the next generation of technology. So, it’s related to that.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. And then I guess the $505 million of OpEx that was mentioned for June, how much of that incremental $35 million is Xyratex centric versus some of the organic Seagate dynamics, can you kind of break that out? That would be helpful.
Steve Luczo: The vast majority of that, you could probably model in $40 million for Xyratex, $35 million to $40 million, almost all of it. You might have little puts and takes, but you just model all of it.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks. How did the shorter cloud deployment times impact you order visibility? In other words, when will you have certainty around whether those orders come through, is it a few weeks ahead of time or is it months?
Steve Luczo: Well, kind of I’d just associate to two things. It’s not so much about visibility on orders, it’s about how much inventory or how much are they guessing about what they need. So, I think, how I view it Katy is that we have way better alignment between supply and demand, because with the longer deployment periods, what was happening is that the customers were having to predict out in the future how much capacity they would need, server capacity, storage capacity, and they would buy all that and then sometimes they were right and sometimes they were wrong. And of course, being wrong is probably was really probably a really bad thing, because when they couldn’t bring servers online. So, with the ability to deploy quicker just means that the forecast that we get are more accurate. In terms of our ability to respond to that, that’s a completely different dynamic which is actually becoming more challenging I think for the customers. And one of the reasons why we think some of these pricing issues are going to kind of have to stabilize is that, as you get to the 6 and the 8 and the 10 terabyte drives, the lead time on those drives is going to be pretty significant whether or not that’s wafer-related or whether or not that’s test related. And so you are not going to kind of be able to call up and say, by the way I need an extra 500,000 eight TBs I forgot to order, because they are just not going to be there and the industry can’t respond that quickly. So I think we are going to get better linkage on supply and demand and I think we are probably going to get more accurate forecast because people are going to realize that the lead times on these drives are longer, much longer than they are used to.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. Any update on expected timing or results of MOFCOM deciding whether the industry can begin taking out costs?
Steve Luczo: I think Ken can talk to that.
Ken Massaroni: Yes, we continue to have a positive dialogue with MOFCOM regarding market dynamics that gave rise to the original conditions that were attached to the approval of our Samsung transaction. We are going to continue to have those discussions with MOFCOM and we continue to expect that in due course, the conditions will be released. But unfortunately, I can’t tell you it will be this day or that day. It continues to be something that they are paying close attention to and we will continue to cooperate with them on.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Please proceed.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: Hey, thanks guys for taking the question. Few if I could, the first maybe for Pat, the second for Steve. Pat I believe last quarter you guys were talking about HDD related OpEx starting to soften at least as a percentage of revenue, in the June quarter you are beginning to drive some leverage and having some of that going forward, I was just wondering if you could give us some context around what to expect now?
Pat O’Malley: I think you saw it manifest in this quarter where we basically went from the 4.90 plus down to the 4.69. So we started shaping that at the end of activities in December, which showed up in this quarter. We expect those to stay at the same level from an HDD level and all the increases from Q3 to Q4 are really driven by the integration or just the addition of Xyratex OpEx. As we look to integrate the organization, Xyratex we expected some synergies there. But many of the modes that we are looking to reshape right now and on this reshaping deployed obviously with Jamie’s initiatives to drive cloud we will make the appropriate level of investments there with the SSD appropriate level there. So probably we are going to stay at the high end of that 12 to 14 for a period of time with the expectation to drive revenue growth with those investments. But for the short period of time in that high end of HDD and then we have to figure out how to integrate Xyratex. As Steve said Evolve and look at the whole holistic picture and say how do we reallocate that, but it’s going to be at the high end of the range. And we will – as Steve talked about the capital allocation we will talk further about the OpEx model for ’15 as we finalize our plans going into next year.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: Yes, thanks Pat. That’s really helpful. Steve can you just – just a follow-up for you on your TAM comments with regards to the second half, should we expect I guess you said sort of a high end what current quarters have been, should we expect September and December to be sort of towards the high end of what sort of recent quarters have been which should be more in the 1.42 range, are you saying September quarter will be sort of at the high end of what recent September quarters have been and December quarter at the high end of what recent December quarters have been, just a clarification there? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Sorry I was trying to be confusing. I think we think that September and December are probably in the 1.40 to 1.45 range.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. I understand the weakness in the enterprise, but can you discuss the initial uptake of your new 6 terabyte drive by the cloud providers? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. So the 6 terabyte drive is in late evaluation with the customers and we see clearly very positive response from all the cloud customers there. They are definitely interested in higher capacity, higher density per drive products and we have done some really good engineering work on that product. We think it’s a real value leader in performance and design margins, so we are pretty optimistic about how it’s going to play in the marketplace when we start production shipments probably towards the back half of this quarter, but certainly building strongly as we go into the second half of this current calendar year.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay, got it. And then I know you will update your capital allocation next call, but can you tell us how much cash you need on hand to run the day-to-day operations and what’s your appetite for taking on more debt to maintain the current level of repurchases if needed?
Pat O’Malley: We think we have the appropriate level of leverage, we certainly could take on more leverage, but we look at that leverage more as monetizing it through investments in business. So I think returning the level of capital we did has been appropriate for where we have been in the investment stage of the company, so we are still committed to our dividend and growing the dividend. And we will continue an active buyback program, but we want to look at everything that’s available to us. So we will monitor that and like Steve said, we will come back in July with further updates on that, but we will – certainly will continue a buyback and a dividend program. And with the debt like I said, I think the levels we have today even though we have the capacity for some additional debt, but I think the levels are fine today.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: And then the minimum cash level?
Pat O’Malley: I am sorry minimum cash level, $1 billion to $1.5 billion we could run the business at that level. I am more comfortable with $1.5 billion for strategic elements that may pop themselves up, but we feel comfortably at the $2.3 billion that we have plenty of cash to run the business.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of first on the September and December time, which you talked 1.40 to 1.45 range, maybe could you elaborate which particular segment you see the more pickup for the demand?
Steve Luczo: I think it’s across the board.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. And then you kind of talked about some inventory digestion at your customers at enterprise and hyperscale, do you think it is possible that you are seeing the pause, because people are waiting for the 6 terabyte drives or it is more to do with some products at their end?
Steve Luczo: No, this has to do with your own products.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, just kind of the last one on the NAND side, maybe could you kind of talk about the NAND strategy, do you think you need any more M&A in this field or do you think you would like to grow the business more in-house? Thanks.
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. On the NAND side, certainly, we have our organic efforts on SSD, but as we have said in the past we are definitely always on, looking at the inorganic activates we can do, whether it’s acquisition or investments. So we continue to have a pretty disciplined filter, but needless to say we see ourselves pushing forward the initiative from both an organic and an inorganic standpoint.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Craig with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Pat I was wondering if you can go over the OpEx again on the quarter because it came in a bit better than you guys have thought originally, you mentioned cost containment, given you expected some of the comp stuff to go away, so is there anything specific you guys are doing on the cost side that perhaps continues moving forward here. And then secondly, just a clean up item on our models on the tax rate, there was a credit there as opposed to an expense, can you help us understand what that was and is that something that is more one-time in nature? Thanks.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, so starting backwards on the tax there was some tax adjustments every periods from time-to-time, audit periods expire with time, so you just – you take a look at that and you make the appropriate level of adjustments. So that was a $14 million one-time item, that’s why I think claiming the tax rate of about $60 million on a go forward basis, spread equally through quarters is probably the best model for that. On the OpEx were some actions of reshaping some of the activities throughout the company. We had some cutbacks over the last several months. So we certainly reshape some investments through actions inside the company and then through slowing down some investments on pieces we talked about SATA 4 SSD where we thought that wasn’t probably the appropriate place, so you saw some expenses come of there. So it was looking across the board, not just core, but some of these new investments where we thought the best chances if we get the adequate level of return on investment. And so that was done, that activity will continue to keep ourselves flat through on the HDD for Q4 the June quarter and as Steve and Jamie talked about from a business process we will continue to look to how to integrate further and maybe harbor some of that, but like I said probably with the appetite to redeploy in other areas. So, I would like I said model that high in the 14% and we will get more clarity on the Xyratex, Evolve everything else optimization in the July timeframe.
Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Pat O’Malley: Sure, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Hi, thanks. With the weakness in enterprise, I am curious, Pat, if there is an impact, a noticeable impact on gross margin for not just on a mixed basis and if so how much?
Pat O’Malley: We already gave you our gross margin outlook of 28%.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Yes, I am sorry. So, talking to just to clarify talking to the current weakness we have seen over the last couple of quarters, is that driving a noticeable level of weakness in the companywide consolidated gross margin that you are reporting?
Pat O’Malley: Yes, enterprise drives have higher gross margins in the corporate average.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Okay. And then maybe just on market share, with the big swings in enterprise and the downside in client, especially desktops and the upside, is there anything you would like to note in market share that’s been happening over the last quarter?
Steve Luczo: No, market share has been pretty consistent for the last four or five quarters. Maybe if I think back the last six quarters, I think the biggest swing in market share has been a couple of points overall. I think half a point shifts here and there are kind of to be expected then those are seem to be mostly a function of either product gaps from either us or the competitors or maybe someone has access to a customer that happens to be doing better and sometimes that advantages us and sometimes it advantages one of our competitors. I would say the only kind of significant trend if I think back over six or eight quarters is that Toshiba has picked up a lot of share on the branded side, which was done through relatively aggressive pricing three or four quarters ago and that seems to have been resolved in the last couple of quarters as well. So, no, I don’t see any huge market share shifts, some at the fringe, but that’s mostly either product related or maybe something specific customer related.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Okay, helpful. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Good, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Cihra with Evercore Partners. Please proceed.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners: Hi, thanks very much. Two questions as well if I could. One on just your internal head in media, mostly the head side just that without, not so as far number, but just where you are now and if you think there is that’s changing over the next couple of quarters in terms of more internal head mix or do you think it will stay similar? And then on the enterprise side, I know it’s been picked apart 50 times, but out of the 7.7 million enterprise units, if you could give us any kind of mix between mission-critical and nearline and all the dynamics you are talking about, Steve, in terms of the OEM product cycle than a hyperscale, I assume is applied across both mission-critical and nearline or are they kind of mostly mission-critical on the OEM side and mostly nearline in the hyperscale side? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Let me answer that before forgetting and Dave can talk about the sourcing stuff. Yes, the most of the mission-critical stuff is I would call legacy system, which is obviously still an enormous market and that’s where you see a big rotation on the architectures, the new product offerings from a few of the customers that’s causing kind of the soak up in the inventory that they have in the house. And then the deployment and utilization rate stuff that we have seen over the last few quarters has been mostly on the hyperscale side. That can show up either in the OEMs or it can obviously just show up directly to the drive companies and to the server companies or the white box server companies, because as you know, the CSPs for the most part are buying direct although from time-to-time, they are still buying through certain OEMs. So, there is a more of a mix on that side of whether or not it’s impacting OEMs or if it’s impacting the component industries directly.
Dave Mosley: And Rob, to answer your question on the heads internal versus external, we are fairly happy with the mix, also the technology access that we are getting across various platforms. So, right now, I don’t foresee any changes in internal versus external strategy for the coming few quarters.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners: Alright, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) with Technologies Insights. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thank you. I got a couple of questions. First is to pick apart guidance a little bit more, $3.3 billion includes about $100 million from the Xyratex. So hard drive operations revenue, it sounds like that’s about $3.2 billion, so probably about 6% Q3 decline on hard drive revenue. Could you help parse out the two factors that you have cited, the inventory correction and the seasonality?
Pat O’Malley: So, on the inventory correction, that would probably be…
Steve Luczo: The seasonality is usually 4%, yes.
Pat O’Malley: Right. And the inventory correction would be the other piece and probably the bigger drag on the margin.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, okay very good. And my other question is on the branded that has had two consecutive quarters of core unit growth, but more importantly two consecutive quarters of ASP growth. So, the question is are you seeing this growth coming from higher ASP offerings, and more importantly, where is this mix shift at this point in time and where do you think it will go two years from now?
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. Yes, I think we have been pretty pleased this last quarter with the execution on our retail side. And that is a mix to higher product, higher capacity products, particularly our momentum built in the 2 terabyte category in the channel. So, we continue to see higher capacity products playing a bigger role in the mix as we go out over the foreseeable future in the branded side as well as the emergence of more NAS centric products in both the small, middle – small, medium-sized business as well as consumer NAS.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your question comes from the line of Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks. Looking at the demand outlook you discussed, how should we think about exabyte shipment growth in the second half of the year given that the strength I believe you said was going to broad-based across the segment?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think it’s going to accelerate. I think what I said is I expect growth across all segments, but I do think that on a relative basis, the growth will be better on the nearline side, where it’s been pretty flat the last three quarters. So, I think we are going to see some exabyte growth acceleration. And keep in mind obviously on the client side, we have large capacity types, through lots of people gobbling up one and two and three terabyte drives on notebook and then two, threes on desktop. So, it doesn’t really hurt you so much even if you get it on notebook and desktop, but I do think the weighting will be more towards nearline mission-critical.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. That’s helpful.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Second question on MOFCOM, can you remind us of the potential benefits you would expect to see if all the restrictions were lifted and obviously we don’t know how it will play out, but just how are you thinking about that today?
Pat O’Malley: Yes. Obviously for Seagate, it was – we picked up a product line, we picked up a good engineering team that would still utilize post MOFCOM and continue to invest there, but if you take a look at the total operating synergies on the OpEx, you could make that case for $40 million, like I said what would we do with that, whether we redeploy it, but that will be probably a magnitude for us. And then obviously just giving us our customers would like to have one access point. So, the customers would prefer it as well. So maybe customer set and that yields something, but from an OpEx about $40 million.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s question-and-answer session. With that, I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Steve Luczo for closing remarks.
Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, just want to thank everybody for being on the call today. And then we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pat O’Malley - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rocky Pimentel - President, Global Markets and Customers Dave Mosley - President, Operations and Technology Ken Massaroni - Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
Analysts:  Aaron Rakers - Stifel Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Jay Noland - Robert Baird Steven Fox - Cross Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Rich Kugele - Needham Scott Schmidt - Morgan Stanley Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research  
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jason and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed Kate. 
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today from the Seagate executive team is our Chairman and CEO, Steve Luczo; EVP and CFO, Pat O’Malley; President, Global Markets and Customers, Rocky Pimentel; President, Operations and Technology, Dave Mosley; and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal second quarter 2014 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights from the quarter and provide the company’s outlook for the fiscal third quarter 2014. We will refer to non-GAAP measures which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplement. After that, we will open up for questions. Please note that our announced acquisition of Xyratex is in the regulatory approval process and we will not be taking questions about the transaction on this call. As a reminder this conference call contains forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements relating to the Company's historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the December quarter and thereafter and includes statements regarding customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are based on management's current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from the expectations described in this report is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2013 and the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2013. The risk factor section of which are incorporated into this report by reference. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the the Company’s view of any subsequent date, and Seagate takes undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve. 
Steve Luczo: Thank you Kate. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated solid execution this quarter achieving revenues of $3.5 billion, net income of $428 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.24. On a non-GAAP basis, we recorded gross margin of 28.5%, net income of $455 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.32. We had a very strong cash flow quarter generating operating cash flow of $856 million and free cash flow of $713 million. During the December quarter, we shipped a record 52.2 exabytes of storage and averaged a record 922 gigabytes per drive across our portfolio. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 14.4% and operating expenses, inventory turns, and day sales outstanding were within our targeted ranges. Our balance sheet remains healthy as we ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in cash and investments. As part of our capital allocation strategy, returning value to shareholders through share redemptions and dividends remains a top priority for Seagate. During the December quarter, we redeemed 33 million shares which put us a few quarters ahead of our fiscal ’14 plan and raised our quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.43 per share. Through these activities, we expect to meet our goal of returning approximately 70% of operating cash flow to shareholders this fiscal year. We have talked about strategic acquisitions as a potential area of capital deployment and at the end of December we announced that we entered into an agreement to acquire Xyratex for $374 million. Xyratex is a leading provider of data storage technology including hard disk drive test equipment in modular solutions for the enterprise data storage industry. The addition of Xyratex will further enhance Seagate’s vertically integrated supply and manufacturing chain for disk drives and ensure uninterrupted access to important capital equipment. The acquisition also expands Seagate’s storage solutions portfolio by adding Xyratex’s industry leading enterprise data storage systems and high performance computing business. We expect to close this transaction sometime in the June quarter and for the acquisition to be slightly accretive in its first full fiscal year of operation or sooner. As the trends in Exabyte growth and technology shifts continue to develop over time, we focus on a few main areas that we believe will allow us to continue to deliver solid results in the near term and position us well for long term success. These areas include expanding and innovating our storage product portfolio to align with emerging trends in mobility, cloud, and open source computing. In the mobile space, we’re leading the industry in hybrid technology and our 5-millimeter drives are now being sold by multiple-OEM manufacturers in tablets. For cloud-based applications, we have launched our Kinetic platform for object based storage with strong interest from developers, customers, and then users, and we are continuing to expand our offering of high capacity drives with our 6-disk, 6-terabyte drive shipping early next quarter. Investing and improving areal density and advanced storage technologies, we are shipping in-volume drives that utilize single magnetic recording or SMR and we will continue to deploy this technology advancement across our portfolio in the coming months. We also continue to invest in advancing our HAMR technology development and our hybrid and flash technology initiatives. We are deepening our customer engagements. One of the most positive emerging trends we are seeing is the interest from customers in requesting a deeper strategic engagement. Our opportunity to add more value for our customers and help them advance in areas such as big data analytics, hyperscale data management, and high-density content management are new opportunities for the disk drive industry. We are making investments in our go-to-market capabilities and product development and technology to engage more strategically with an expanding customer landscape, including OEMs, service providers, enterprise information technology functions, and consumers, and we are managing our capital investments. We are currently running our capital investments at the lower end of our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue, and it will be most likely -- and it will most likely be below the range for the full fiscal year. We are managing our production cautiously, and we are pleased with our performance against our metrics for manufacturing efficiency and operational excellence. Turning to our March quarter outlook, we expect to achieve at least $3.4 billion in revenues and to maintain non-GAAP margins approximately flat sequentially. Demand so far has been at a solid pace this quarter and industry inventory remains low. We are planning for operating expenses to be relatively flat sequentially, which would result in OpEx that is slightly higher than our targeted range of 12% to 14% of revenue for the third quarter, but it’s still within the targeted range for the fiscal year. Over the last year and a half, industry Exabyte shipments have grown approximately 30%, while units have remained in a manageable range of between 130 million and 145 million units per quarter. Based on macroeconomic conditions, we expect these market dynamic characteristics to continue as customers remain cautious with their forecast and the project-based nature of cloud build-out represents challenges for them in terms of purchasing, timing – of purchase timing. Given these dynamics, we are running our business consistent with what we have done in the last several quarters by managing production slightly lower than forecast with the ability to flex up if additional demand warrants. On behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank our employees for the performance this quarter and thank our customers, partners and suppliers for their support and commitment. Seagate is well-positioned in the storage technology markets we serve and we will continue to focus on executing to our financial model and delivering strong operating results for Seagate shareholders. We are now ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Please proceed. 
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Yes, thanks for taking the question. So I guess I want to go back to two things really, the comment on the capacity shift, if I look at your capacity shift and also what Western Digital had reported, it looks like we saw about 12% year-over-year growth. So I am kind of curious of what underneath of that you are seeing be it on the enterprise side, I guess in the context of that given the decline sequentially that we saw in this last quarter? 
Steve Luczo: Decline, I am not sure you are referencing any decline? 
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: The enterprise shipments sequentially declined in the December quarter? 
Steve Luczo: Okay. 
Rocky Pimentel: This is Rocky Pimentel. I think it addresses actually which I think our competitor referred to, in the fourth quarter, I think the industry saw a bit of a softness in the cloud side of the enterprise drives, the capacity-centric enterprise drives, and that was really just due to the timing of the build-outs and planning of CapEx. It has continued to be a category that offers substantial long-term growth, but I think as others have pointed out, it will be a situation where it will be lumpy until processes improve at the cloud service providers to create a more smooth and linear approach to how they deploy their resources in the data center but I think that was just what you saw in the December quarter, but fundamentally the category is very strong and represents a tremendous growth opportunity as we go forward. 
Steve Luczo: One of the things that we have noticed in terms of conversations with some of the customers, in case, sometimes it's through the OEMs and sometimes it's directly with the customers that are deploying. There has been a lot of effort to reduce the time between purchase and deployment of these assets that are going into the cloud infrastructure, and especially you know the folks that are in the multi-billion dollar range per year, so deployment being reduced from in excess of nine months to more best-in-class deployment rates that are probably in the 3- to 4-month range now are still working their way through the industry, and so I think that does create a situation where there is inventory that’s basically being absorbed as people reduce that deployment time. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Couple of questions, one I guess just for the March quarter, it sounds like you are expecting sales to be down about at least 3.5% - 4% or so. What are you expecting from a TAM basis, and then on the pricing as well because it sounds like enterprising can actually pick up for you guys a bit in the March quarter? 
Steve Luczo: Again I think what we -- right now the outlook is for revenues to be at least $3.4 billion so it's in the least. So, I mean I don’t know what’s the percentage you want to apply to that and it kind of depends how good the quarter fills out, but it's off to a good start. In terms of TAM, that’s why we try to make the comments that we did that the industry seems to have been operating in the 130 to 145 range, and we expect it will continue to operate in that range, and then I guess we said in the last few calls within that range, you know, arguing about whether or not it's an extra 1 million or 2 million units is not what drives the business models of the companies. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And inventory, let’s say was up about 9% sequentially for you guys. Can you talk about what drove that in the quarter and how do you expect inventory to track in the March quarter going forward? 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, a couple of things on inventory, so finished goods was relatively flat, although there is some of the – I’m going to call it and hold it across the finish line especially in the cloud space, because their lead times are very long for those product lines. I think as people know, but finished goods was relatively flat. It was within raw materials and some of that was just staging for this early linearity that we have seen pretty healthy up against Chinese New Year, I think so, but that’s the general trend there. I think we can get it back right down and check to where we have been running them the last four quarters, so I’m not too worried about inventory. 
Steve Luczo: Inventory in the system at the customers is very lean. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Just following up again on those enterprise comments I guess your overall enterprise unit growth lagged to Western Digital this quarter, but your capacity [centered] (ph) drives certainly performed nicely despite not having a 6 terabyte drive in the market. So I guess were you surprised by that growth and do you think that will accelerate when you have a more competitive product in the market next quarter? 
Rocky Pimentel: I think we definitely think there is lots of opportunities, still you know some throwing out in some of the cloud service providers demand, but certainly as we go out over the year strong growth and in terms of next generation capacity-centric drives, you know we’re very positive because we will be, we’re releasing a 6-disk, 6 terabyte drive early in the June quarter which we think will be very interesting to the customer demand. 
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay well maybe then on the performance-optimized side, I guess what’s going on there? Is there any sort of competitive dynamics impacting your growth there? 
Rocky Pimentel: No I think it's pretty much as it's been in the last number of quarters. Nothing unusual there. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. 
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Steve, I hope you could talk about within the PC category, the mix of hard disk drives within PCs, and really just kind of where they are trending, is the rate of share loss let’s say easing? From my – from where I sit, I guess in the low end, we are starting to see some $300 type PCs with traditional HDDs and Windows, etcetera that seemingly makes sense for the category that has faced some headwinds from Chromebooks. And then in the high end, you guys have put out the press releases on the 5 millimeter getting into 2-in-1s in some tablets, so really just kind of curious on your commentary of the rates of share movement of HDDs within the PC category? 
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean, I think the client business was stronger than we would have expected in the December quarter and it was stronger throughout the quarter, and client can be desktop and/or notebook and it seems to be continuing into this quarter. So in that sense, I think there is a stabilization and I am glad you pointed out, most of the world is not at $1,000 price point, but I think that the one thing in your comment, to just point out too in terms of even the high end, about 6 million notebook units a year -- a quarter going out with SSDs, but the hybrid penetration on that has been actually growing as well. I think last quarter we did something like 1.7 or 1.5 million hybrid drives, so almost 20% of that market that was part of that time, SSD-only has already been penetrated by HDD, which I think not a lot of people aren’t really focused on. And then as you pointed out, the traction of the 5-millimeter drives in no thinner, wider either direct tablets or even convertibles, we do think it’s going to be a decent product category, especially for people that have high-density content that they want to have on those devices. So I do think that there is plenty of role for disk drives to play in this ecosystem. But again as you heard me say many times, whether or not it’s about mobility or whether or not it’s about SSDs, these are all complementary technologies that are just expanding the product portfolio of technology that people use, and it grows the overall need for storage across the ecosystem whether or not there is lighter devices that are helping it make people capture things in 4K like the Samsung Note 3 has 4K capture capability, and that eats up a lot of video in an hour or the network effect of being able to share that stuff. At the end of the day, it all ends up on a disk drive or usually three to four of them. So I don’t want to make it seem like it is this net zero sum game, because I don’t think it is at all, I think these are just technologies that are growing the ecosystem, but we do believe there is a role for high-density caching g, which is really what we do with the 5 millimeter drives, and we believe those opportunities are expanding, not decreasing. 
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Great, that’s really helpful. And then I am glad you brought up hybrids , that was my follow-up, just kind of curious where are we innings or however you want to talk about it on the high-end client environment taking a look at hybrid again adopting them, I would assume we are still in the early innings, kind of curious if you can talk through it? 
Steve Luczo: Yes, early innings and actually we have often been surprised a few times over the last five or six quarters in terms of some of the traction that we see with hybrid on desktop and it’s not just gamers. So no, I think the hybrid drive, it’s probably not a great name for – probably some of the different names of hybrid, but I think high performance drives have their role and I think we are still in the mode of thinking the majority of our portfolio is going to be hybrid drives whether or not it’s for aerial density or performance as we look out over the next three or four years. 
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Noland with Robert Baird. Please proceed. 
Jay Noland - Robert Baird: Okay, great. I wanted to follow-up on the hyperscale drive opportunity, Steve, it sounds like it’s in lumpy and a certain degree of limited visibility right now, I wonder if that’s a function of just the product cycle at this point or maybe R&D that’s involved, but your outlook, your thoughts on the full year calendar ‘14 as it relates to this part of the market? 
Steve Luczo: Well, I mean, we are still encouraged by the outlook for the full year. And I think that this is a market, where small unit TAM variances can have big implications. I mean, the community, the investor community sometimes moves the driver to driver to drive, a million notebooks drives is just like a million nearline drives and that’s not in lot of case in terms of lead time, ability to respond revenue or profits associated with and some of that is related to the technology and some of it's related to the test. We’re still confident that 2014 is going to be a positive year in terms of deployment and cloud infrastructure what it means for the growth related to nearline drives. I do think that there is this added variable that the big users of this technology realize that they can’t take nine or more months to deploy the assets because they get into this very difficult situation where they are making estimates about cloud infrastructure and not just storage, right, but everything that goes into the infrastructure. Cloud infrastructure is nine months out to satisfy a quality of service for users and that’s just too long of a lag and so you get this thing of it's not really about in quarter demand it's about how well did you predict demand was going to be three quarters ago and it's costly. I mean that’s all inventory that basically they laid out capital for, they haven't started generating revenue. So it's an intense focus clearly at the big buyers of this capital especially if you’re spending 1, 2, 3, 5, $7 billion a year on it to get that stuff in the production much quicker and I think there has been success. As we look at our customer base and the big purchasers of those systems, again whether or not it's through OEM or direct I think that time of deployment is actually compressing which is allowing them I think to use some of that inventory that they bought a couple of quarters ago to bring it online quicker and we will see if that features holds out but we’re still bullish about the Russell calendar year especially actually when you think about the 4K deployment and a lot of the technologies that were shown down at CES whether or not it was actual high density captured equipment or high density viewing [ph] equipment or some of the technologies being shown to assist big data analytics, biometrics and various other technologies. It all talks to an increasing need for people to keep the data. We’re still bullish about it and that’s why we’re not pulling back on how we invest in that infrastructure because I think it's going to be the situation where again if the industry is faced with a 1 million or 2 million unit upside on nearline in the quarter the industry can’t respond to that. If it's faced with a 1 million or 2 million unit upside on notebook we can probably respond to that in two weeks, that’s how different those two markets are. So we’re going to stay focused on making sure that we can deliver till it's upsides as they come. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please proceed. 
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Just a couple of questions from me, first of all, looking at this current calendar year in terms of Exabyte growth, how confident are you in achieving 30% type of growth rate for those shipments and any color on how the mix might be changing between on an average capacity and then secondly I know you’re not talking about Xyratex specifically but can you just sort of outline your plans for say moving upscale into more of a storage systems offering overtime and how that fits with your strategy? Thanks. 
Steve Luczo: Yeah we’re not going to respond to this second question because that could be too closely related to the Xyratex’s acquisition, I rather just not tread that line while we’re under review. On the first one I think we’re confident that the data growth rates are still in excess of 30%. Again I think it comes back to infrastructure that’s being installed and deployed relative to original expectation. So we will have to keep an eye on it. The industry does a great job obviously of keeping track of the Exabytes it ships but that’s not quite the same as the Exabytes that have been put in production by the various cloud companies and we’re trying to get a better handle on that directly with some of the relationships we have been through our OEMs but we still believe the growth rates are in excess of 30% a year. I would expect that the average capacity per drive crosses over terabyte sometime this year and we always think about the cloud but again one of the biggest drivers of the average capacity per drive calculations, what’s going on in the consumer front? You know where people are taking 2 and 3 and 4 terabyte drives into their homes pretty rapidly and we see that continuing as well. So we are still a lot confident that we have good growth in average capacity per drive and that we have petabyte growth rates in excess of aerial density growth rates, which puts pressure on us from an ability to deliver the petabytes required. 
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great. And then just real quick, in terms of the PC industry serve this bottoming that we have all been talking, is there from your PC any differences in terms of client versus enterprise we should pay attention to over the next couple of quarters? Thanks a lot. 
Steve Luczo: I mean, yes, it’s been bottoming for a while, I am not sure what a bottom is when it’s been bottoming for five or six quarters, but it does feel overall, I would say, it feels better, demand feels better. And maybe on a relative basis, it feels better in client than it has, but I’d say across the board, business feels a little better. The caveat I would put on it is in the last five years, its felt better three to four times and it seems to have always felt better right about now. And then right about May or June, it feels not as better. So I am hopeful because it hasn’t felt like this in a while I guess. I don’t know that last year it felt better at this time. So I think in that sense, I am encouraged or we are encouraged, but we are cautious that we can always flex to the upside. Again, the industry in this range of whether or not it’s 132 or 144 that’s easy for the company, the industry to respond to. So – and I don’t think we are going to break out from that one way or the other this quarter or probably next. So we are pretty cautious things from how we are going to plan our production. That being said, it probably feels better than it has in the last couple of years. And maybe the relative strength is in the client that might reflect a better macroeconomic condition for regular people instead of just big governments and big companies that could borrow at zero percent and buy the stuff they need to keep the companies and governments running. 
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to dig into the expenses this quarter a little bit higher than I think at least I was expecting, I know you have commented Steve that they are going to be up a little bit, they are going to be flat next quarter, can you give us a little detail on why they were up and do you expect them to come back down into your targeted range of 12% to 14% of revenue in the next couple of quarters? Thanks. 
Steve Luczo: I will let Pat handle that. 
Pat O’Malley: Yes. So, sure, yes, I do expect to come back down as you see in the financials, we have talked about last quarter doing a little reshaping, so we certainly went off to reshape the P&L where we took minor restructuring charge, but we continue to shape that to stick in the 12% to 14%, but we do want to continue to make some investments as Steve and Rocky commented on getting deeper relationship with the customers, that’s just not in the go-to-market, but that’s also in a technology engagements, whether it’s IP, whether it’s working with them or whether it’s product offering, that’s all in front of us. So I think there is good opportunity. So we are going to keep those investments. The other small piece about that is that we have a deferred comp trust that you had some about $5 million to $6 million more in OpEx this quarter than you normally would have that offsets an OIE, so that’s – that will disappear, so that will be normalized in the future. So that was a little harder, but that wasn’t really P&L harder, that was just a category. So what we do, we are committed to that 12% to 14% and we see some of these investing’s for a good business model or revenue stream in the future, that’s why we are going to keep those investments. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And then just I just want to need a little more detail on your SSD strategy, I know we talked about hybrids, but maybe if you give us some detail on what you are seeing with your SSDs and how that’s going? Thanks. 
Rocky Pimentel: Sure. This is Rocky Pimentel. So we continue to make great progress on our organic SSD initiatives. We also have a very robust portfolio of inorganic initiatives on the SSD side. We look at our solid state storage business as a portfolio. So it’s the pure SSDs plus the success in the hybrid. And on the hybrid side, we have been succeeding in not just the client level, but also at the low end of the enterprise level on hybrid adoption. So what we are looking at is a complete portfolio, but believe me we are making serious investments in our organic efforts on the pure SSD side. We continue to make progress, did design wins and some of our inorganic portfolio opportunities are really looking interesting and as they mature we plan to share a little bit more detail about them but at this point I think we feel a need for some confidentiality due to competitive concerns and so we will keep those things under tap until a future day. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. 
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: I was wondering if you could give us your view on cash priorities for calendar ’14 and maybe talk a little bit about what we should expect for allocation between dividend and buybacks in ’14? And then maybe just lastly comment on sort of how you think about share repurchase, does it meet through the year? Thanks a lot. 
Steve Luczo: So obviously our biggest message is returning the best fashion of capital to shareholders and given as we have talked about we are pretty much on target for the 7% this year so that’s important. Now giving guidance for next year obviously the dividend in a buyback program will be active. We do have an active buyback program, authority to do so and it will remain active. Now the split and how we’re going to manage that, we will probably look over the course the remaining part of this fiscal year for June and will get more clarity but I think what your reference is we had it go 250 obviously that was put in place when stock price was well different from it's today but we’re still committed to the stock buyback program and the dividend and both of them will be vehicles as Steve also alluded we will continue to look at opportunities whether it's an IP or other assets that we will look at but that’s all we will probably be needed on it and we will stay committed to the 70% but this share will probably come with greater clarity in due time on how we want to breakout the dividend and the buyback. 
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: I guess and just second one for me. How should we think about free cash flow generation or how you’re thinking about in ’14 you know cash conversions like all you know think you can do to grow free cash flow? 
Steve Luczo: I think right now our cash conversion side we’re pretty comfortable, could move it for a couple of more days we could but as Dave said we’re managing the inventory on just the tactical but a strategic where we want to setup some things. I think we have a good understanding of the cash flow on the margin it might change a couple of days but for the cash flow I don’t think you should plan up difference than you’ve seen recently. As Dave talked about, we’re living in the world sort of a set range and we’re committed to staying in a target margin range and for the products that continue to generate the cash flow you’ve seen over the last several quarters. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed. 
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: First question on the Kinetic solution maybe can you talk about just sampling or is it solution in the produce type stage and when they expect the revenue recognition? And also since the solution competes with often kind of storage OEMs. Do you think it's going to impact your relationship with the storage OEMs? 
Dave Mosley: I will say couple of things firstly we’re shipping this is the technology development platform right now so we’re shipping it largely to a developers community. There is a lot of interest amongst customer base but we ship 6000 CTUs [ph] now so that people can get developing on these platforms that is not usually one drive at a time since it's a network drive. Their (indiscernible) a number of these things together but there is a lot of software host level development that has to happen in order to enable solution. So the cycle if you will the developmental cycle has been very long to that host side. A lot of people have a lot of interest because they see the opportunity to save money on the host side. Does it challenge our customers? Architecturally it challenges but I think at the end of the day some of those architectures need to be challenged for lower, lower cost. The host will enable the architectures and also the drive. Architecture is still, you know I think the customer ultimately once the, since the whole development platform matures then those customers will be able to take advantage of it and deploy it as they seek it. 
Rocky Pimentel: This is Rocky Pimentel just to add on to Dave’s comments, with our existing cloud service provider customers and our OEMs customers are clearly very interested and have cost [ph], as Dave mentioned I think also an emerging set of customers in the telecom space and the content delivery network space and also coming to the forefront team, this is a big opportunity for their future infrastructures as well. So it’s a pretty exciting space for us to get new customer. 
Steve Luczo: Yes, a lot of work left to do I think, but it’s going to be quite some time before we monetize it. 
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Then as a follow-up, I mean, on the Analyst Day, you talked about organic revenue growth target 3% to 4%, it depends it’s kind of in the units which you talked about 130 to 140ish moving units, do you think it is still possible to realize that revenue growth? 
Pat O’Malley: This is Pat. Over time, absolutely, because we fundamentally believe in the data storage trends out there that Steve talked about that the deployment maybe somewhat soft one quarter, stronger the next, but over a period of time, it will show up. And as folks deploy this capital and start utilizing and filling these up, that’s going to drive more growth. And so as it sits today, we are probably living in this range and we will continue to live in this range, but longer term, we do think it breaks out eventually clearly in the storage, how much storage we are shipping, but that eventually the industry is going to have to make some investments in capacity that we have made for the last several years. 
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. That’s all from me. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham. Please proceed. 
Rich Kugele - Needham: Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions from me. In terms of share count Pat for the fiscal third quarter what should we be assuming? And then on the OpEx side, is the guidance flat in absolute dollars relative to the second quarter or should we be backing out the incentive comp? 
Pat O’Malley: So you could back out there incentive comp, Rich and outside that would be relatively flat. And then on the diluted shares for next quarter that is 2.41 [ph]. 
Rich Kugele - Needham: Okay. And then lastly just Steve conceptually as you look at your exabyte shipments and the growth of that relative to your aerial density improvements within Seagate, would you expect that you would be able to outpace the industry’s ability to ship exabytes with drives like the 6 terabyte, is that what the extra OpEx is going through, any thoughts on over the next four quarters how Seagate trends relative to aerial density growth on the exabyte side? 
Steve Luczo: No, I don’t think. I think the industry is competitive across the board in terms of how it invest in the aerial density, if you will have not just for me to say, yes, we are better than those guys. I think the industry is working as hard as they can to drive aerial density in this 20% range, which is not enough to keep up with the demand side. We hope to do it better than our competitors whether or not, that shows up in aerial density or quality or costs or all three or responsiveness which is where we tend to be quite good as responsiveness in the quarter. I think the OpEx investments are in some of these areas, other areas that we pointed out which related to the mobile and cloud and open source side, you saw some of what we have been on the mobile side both within our own technology as well some of the announcements made at CES. So I think those opportunities are little different. I think the storage industry is in this beneficial phase right now where the opportunities in front of the providers of storage devices are pretty significant and they are pretty broad. And I think each company will probably pursue them a little bit differently as a result. So as a result it may not be as easy to say well, WD Hitachi looks like this and Seagate looks like that and Toshiba looks like that, but I think each of these companies is going to take advantage of their own skills and leverage those into an opportunity set that’s pretty broad. And so for us, we are investing in some OpEx areas that laid again, we have been transparent about but they relate to mobile, cloud and open source, but we haven’t been so transparent, because we view it as highly competitive in terms of how we are going about taking advantage of the long-term trends. But to your base question, we believe it’s absolutely fundamental that we remain competitive and hopefully the leader in our core technology of HDD, hybrid and SSDs. So, yes, we have a lot of investment going in that area and then we have others investments surrounding those areas that as we are successful there, will allow us to broaden our value proposition to a widening customer base. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Schmidt with Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Schmidt - Morgan Stanley: Aside from the test equipment with Xyratex, you see other areas of opportunity to further vertically integrate or make further supply chain improvements and maybe as a follow-up on that I think a while back if we go post the flood there was a certain amount of com componency [ph] or sourcing externally. Is there an update on that? Anything else that can drive further margin improvement? 
Steve Luczo: I think what we focus on more is continuing of supply and obviously if the market went up a lot then we have to ask ourselves this questions right now the model is not going to change relative to how much we outsource, it will be more discussions about continuity supply. 
Dave Mosley: I think the lessons of the flood and the tsunami, earthquake before that really have to do with the systems that we put in place with our suppliers and with our customers and those have been big investments that we will continue to make. I mean we do believe that we have driven a fair amount of operational efficiency as a result of some of those programs and we think there is more to come. So accelerating the flow of the technology from our supplier base to our factories to our customers, saves everyone a lot of money and I think Seagate has made real progress but it's also, it's taken big investments in people, in technology and systems and even investments in our suppliers and in our customers from an engineering perspective and IT perspective and time spent So, I think that will continue. 
Scott Schmidt - Morgan Stanley: Got it and just if I can follow-up on the branded business. Can you just talk about whether the strength came from more the retail side of things or if you’re seeing some strength in the SMB NAS Market and what the kind of margin profile of that is or implication of that is? 
Rocky Pimentel: This is Rocky Pimentel again, definitely strengthen in the NAS side of the business in retail or in branded. I would say we did well in the December quarter despite the fact we felt we could have had a stronger portfolio. We were late in one of our critical ramps in the branded business. It's a high capacity product and which could have brought better margins to the portfolio for branded and as we enter this quarter that weakness has been remediated and so I’m looking forward to seeing how we can compete in the marketplace at the high end which is a margin rich sector of the branded retail business. 
Steve Luczo: Can we take one more question? 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Nehal Chokshi with Technology Insights Research. 
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: I want a follow on branded here and focusing on the consumer side than the NAS side. Are you seeing an appetite for consumers upgrading to what is effectively a personal cloud offering rather than simple backup drive? And I might have a follow-up question based on that answer. 
Rocky Pimentel: No question, consumers are very interested in NAS solutions at the home level. I mean this is an opportunity for growth in the future which we’re pretty excited about you will see more and more of our product announcements around that. We talk about release of our most recent wireless drive at CES, under the LaCie brand which is really a great production. So no question if that’s a category that will continue to grow in the branded retail space. 
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: So what do you feel can be the incremental TAM opportunity as consumers take that wireless product effectively in personal cloud? 
Steve Luczo: We don’t put specific numbers on it. It's still an emerging segment of the branded retail TAM I mean direct attached storage is still it's a bigger segment of that TAM but we still, we see definitely shifts more towards NAS capable retail solutions and I don’t think we’re going to declare million to unit next quarter but this quarter but it's a growing demand by the consumer that we will try to service to the best of our ability. 
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: It does appear you know as people expand the eco-system with tablets and use those devices more and more that the attach rate for tablets is much higher than it was for desktop or high-capacity notebooks. There is some market data that shows those attach rates are in the 50% range versus rates I think more in the 10% to 15% range for the desktop side. Notebook side maybe was 15% to 20%. So we do see a big shift in attach rates there. And then what becomes a NAS versus a DAS is an interesting question when you have a bunch of wireless devices. So, yes, we think there is opportunity there, but again for us I think it’s just part of the expanding ecosystem and these mobile devices obviously need storage, because there is not a lot you can do even if you are rich person, you can buy a 64-gig tablet, you can gobble that up pretty quickly and you have to store all that great high-def video somewhere. So it’s our job to make sure that the technology we deliver is easy to use. I think that’s where the industry probably hasn’t done well. And competitively where you probably see both of the major players, WD and Seagate focusing a lot of energy, Seagate through both LaCie and our brand, WD through both of their brands, but I think clearly the ease of use issues around managing storage for your connected devices is a big opportunity for all of us and to the extent that we are successful it should drive significant amount of revenues and profits, if not tens of millions of units. 
Steve Luczo: Thank you. I want to thank everyone for taking time, being on the call today and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pat O’Malley - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rocky Pimentel - President, Global Markets and Customers Dave Mosley - President, Operations and Technology Ken Massaroni - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Eric Sterling - Barclays Rob Cihra - Evercore Aaron Rakers - Stifel Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Steven Fox - Cross
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s Fiscal First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Regina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today in Cupertino are Seagate’s executive team; our Chairman and CEO, Steve Luczo; EVP and CFO, Pat O’Malley; President Global Markets and Customers, Rocky Pimentel; President Operations and Technology, Dave Mosley; and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal first quarter 2014 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. Please note we have combined our supplemental data and CFO commentary into one document. During today’s call, we will review the highlights from the September quarter and provide the company’s outlook for the fiscal second quarter 2014. After that, we will open up for questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements related to the company’s historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the December quarter and thereafter and includes statements regarding customer demand and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are based on management’s current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors may be beyond the company’s control and may pose a risk to the company’s operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on August 7, 2013 and in the supplemental information presented and posted to our website. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s view of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our supplement. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thank you Kate. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated excellent execution this quarter and achieved revenues of $3.5 billion and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 28.5%, net income of $473 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.29. We had a strong cash flow quarter generating operating cash flow of $682 million and free cash flow of $521 million. In terms of our product portfolio we shipped a record 48.7 exabytes of storage, up 14% year-over-year and averaged a record 875 gigabytes per drive across our portfolio, up 19% over last year. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 15.1% in inventory turns and day sales outstanding were within our targeted ranges. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash and investments, and during the September quarter S&P raised its corporate rating on Seagate to BB+ further reflection our strong financial position. Returning value to shareholders through share redemptions and dividends remains a top priority for Seagate. In early October, we completed a private share redemption transaction with Samsung of 32.7 million shares for $1.5 billion. In addition, our Board last week approved raising our quarterly dividend $0.05 or 13% to $0.43 per share. Through these activities, we expect to meet our goal of returning approximately 70% of operating cash flow to shareholders this fiscal year. At our strategic update in September, we discussed the major dynamics we see in the storage industry and the expanding and changing opportunities for Seagate in mobile, cloud, and open source computing. Looking out to 2020, we believe that data growth and demand for storage is continuing at a pace that is higher than what the drive industry infrastructure is capable to produce, and we estimate that approximately 60% of this data will be stored in both home and enterprise cloud environments. Seagate’s research and development is focused on advancing our product offerings to align with these emerging market trends. Some recent examples of our R&D success include our 4 terabyte nearline product delivering a competitive combination of capacity and energy efficiency, the storage industry’s first enterprise and desktop hybrid drives, and enterprise level NAS offering leveraging are LaCie software expertise, and the announcement of our Seagate Kinetic Open Storage Platform designed to simplify data management and improve performance and scalability while lowering the total cost of ownership of cloud computing. Developing products that our customers value and which solves their storage needs is one of our highest priorities, and we believe we have a very competitive portfolio from traditional HDDs to the highest performance flash-based enterprise products. We also continue to focus development efforts on improving magnetic recording aerial density. We’re leading the transition to Shingled magnetic recording technology or SMR and are currently shipping drives utilizing this technology in significant volume. We will be incorporating this technology into additional products over the coming year. In addition, we’re integrating flash technology across our product portfolio, and we’re pleased with the traction we’re seeing in our solid state hybrid drives as well as our enterprise SSD products. For the September quarter, non-GAAP product margins were 28.5% reflecting market demand for our storage portfolio, effective supply chain management, and cost improvements. Maintaining margins within our long-term target range of 27% to 32% will continue to enable us to further invest in advancing our storage technology and manufacturing efficiency. Non-GAAP operating expenses this quarter were $469 million within our targeted range of 12% to 14% of revenue and reflecting investments in our core infrastructure and aligning our organization for our cloud, mobile, open source, and flash technology opportunities. Turning to our December quarter outlook, we see the revenue and unit demand environment remaining relatively similar to what we have seen in the last several quarters. While global macroeconomic conditions and technology transitions continue to provide a level of uncertainty with our customers, we are mindful of those factors and we are confident that we can continue to execute effectively. For the December quarter, we expect revenues of approximately $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion, and non-GAAP gross margin relatively flat sequentially. Seagate is well-positioned for this era of ongoing data growth and technology transformation, and we will continue to focus on executing to our financial model and delivering strong operating results. I am pleased with our performance this quarter, and on behalf of the entire management team, I’d like to thank our employees for their solid performance and thank our customers, partners, and suppliers for their support and commitment. And before we open the call for questions, I want to take a moment and acknowledge the well-deserved executive promotions we announced today. Rocky Pimentel named President, Global Markets and Customers and Dave Mosley named President, Operations and Technology. By elevating Dave and Rocky to lead our core product technology operations and customer engagement, Seagate is even better positioned for continued operational excellence and to further our ability to capitalize on our growing opportunities in the storage marketplace. This new leadership alignment also allows me to focus more on the long-term strategic opportunities for our company and to increase my efforts around accelerating our mobile and cloud technology strategies. I am pleased to continue to be Chairman and CEO of Seagate, and I have no plans to leave the company anytime soon. Regina, we are now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon guys. Two questions for me. One, maybe you could just talk about the buyback program as you go forward and given the repurchase of shares from Samsung, what implications does it have to the Section 382 limitations that you have on your buyback as you go through the next 12 months?
Steve Luczo: Well, the Samsung shares were not subject to the 382 restrictions. And as you may know, and I will have Pat go into this in a little more detail, the 382 requirements were changed a little bit in a mode that makes it more favorable for Seagate in terms of giving us more flexibility quarter-to-quarter. So the buyback redemption from Samsung didn’t affect us, and the 382 changes provide us a little more flexibility going forward.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, with the recent IRS relaxation or amendment of the 382, companies like Seagate have been buying back their shares were in the same ilk of other companies buying other companies. So, we got relaxation on that. So, now the 382 should not be a gate or anything like that buying back our shares. So, our buying back redemption of shares will be totally a function of the cash flow generated by the entity.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thank you. And then maybe if you can just touch on ASP declines that you had sequentially of about $1 to – it sounds like I am assuming it might be more due to the consumer side of the business, but maybe if you could talk about it on a like-for-like basis, what did you see in terms of pricing in September quarter and how do you expect that to shake out in December quarter? Thank you.
Pat O’Malley: Less than 2%, we expect that environment to continue on a like-for-like basis not mix of course, but like-for-like.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon. Just wonder if I could get a little bit more color your SMR drives, your competitor launched a 7-platter helium drive that’s expected to come out this quarter with one use case definitely targeted at the cloud. So do you think your drives leveraging SMR will be effectively positioned against those drives in both cloud and enterprise?
Steve Luczo: Yes. We are pretty confident in our cloud near line portfolio right now, and we look forward to the product launches that are coming next year.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just a last follow-up on gross margin, it certainly came in a little bit higher, and I don’t think you guided flat, you said so, I guess can you just talk about what drove that up this quarter and why you think it’s going to just continue to remain flatter, is that just a matter of mix?
Steve Luczo: I will let Rocky go into that in a little detail and Dave would just give some macro thoughts, this is Steve. One is we have continued to emphasize our focus on quality of revenue. So we are starting to focus a lot more in revenue market share and exabyte market share, and we feel that in certain segments it just didn’t make sense to participate given the rather lackluster revenue boost that would have provided maybe margin pressure. So, I think part of it is that we were selective in the business we pursued from a margin perspective. Rocky will talk to that a little bit more in terms of quality of share, and then the operating side, the factory has really performed extremely well. So we had some really great execution from Dave’s organization and he can go into a little bit more detail following Rocky.
Rocky Pimentel: So I think to echo Steve’s comments, you know, there has been a lot of operational go-to-market discipline that we have tried to build over the last several quarters through processes and behavior, and you know we’re focusing on preserving or gaining share in those key categories of the portfolio that give us margin leverage and being very disciplined at the low end of the portfolio where you know the competition is maybe looking for volume upticks, et cetera. So anyway that gives you the color on it.
Steve Luczo: And from the operations perspective, we continue to manage the things that are under our control scrap and freight lanes and warranty and things like that very well, so we’re pretty comfortable with the portfolio we have and we keep driving it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: First one here is could you maybe kind of talk about the momentum you see from your cloud or web scale customers buying directly from you guys and maybe if you could provide some idea of how much revenue – your enterprise revenues from these kind of segments?
Pat O’Malley: I will just again, let me just say you know generally the purchases by the cloud service providers or Internet service providers or any other big web based companies are they are very choppy, and we’ve said that over the last several quarters these large volume orders, but they tend to come and go in big blocks, and sometimes those companies are buying from our traditional OEMs and sometimes they shift their purchasing to direct kind of depending on what type of architectures they are deploying. So, I think it's a bit early to kind of get a read on how that’s going to play out consistently, in fact it's my personal belief that the traditional OEMs are probably going to reestablish themselves pretty effectively in this marketplace just because of their go to market capability, so it's dynamic and it's choppy, and then I can let Rocky talk a bit about how we view what percentage of our drives go into what I just think of cloud-based architectures.
Rocky Pimentel: Yeah I think we were really pleased this last quarter despite in the cloud market some softness overall, we were able to gain market share in some of the key categories, and we talked a few quarters ago about estimating our cloud business at somewhere around 10% to 12% and now it’s continued to escalate, and probably 15% to 20% because some of it is direct and some of it is indirect, but we’re really seeing a lot of traction and with our recently announced kinetic drive, we’re getting a lot of interest from all the key cloud customers across the globe, and I think we’re continuing to build a great relationship with all those key customers to give us a preferred competitive position.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: And last one from me regarding your hybrid enterprise drive, could you maybe talk about the traction you see in the market and kind of where you think the group could be in that segment?
Steve Luczo: Yes so, we've had a limited release of the enterprise hybrid drive with couple of our key OEM customers, but it is benchmarking really well. It's particularly as we noted against our 15,000 RPM class drive in the marketplace, so as we continue to kind of uptick the marketing effort with our key OEM customers, we see that continue to grow for the foreseeable future. We were really satisfied as well in our desktop hybrid introductions and then in our client class commercial class hybrid drives meaning we crossed over 1 million units this quarter of shipments and see that continue to grow as an important part of the client compute part of the TAM basically.
Operator: It's from the line of Nehal Chokshi with Technology Insights Research.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Can we go a little bit more into what’s underpinning the guidance of effectively flat Q-on-Q market by segment, and then maybe I might have a follow-up on that?
Steve Luczo: So, we generally don’t break it up by segment, but just if you take a look at the – even going back the last eight quarters, we have been running above our new target range of 27% to 32%, so – but while that period has been going on, the visibility is nothing stronger than it has been in the past. So we are in a world that has limited visibility. We are playing in the world that’s relatively flat on unit, but growth in exabytes and that’s how we are taking the approach of business. We are going after the quality of revenue. We are trying to manage the business accordingly and deploy capital appropriately. So that’s the world we are living in and that’s the world we are operating in.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Okay. And then within that context, would you be expecting flattish going out on to calendar year as well, and also given that you typically see seasonality in the December quarter and looking at the year ago compares where you had the iPad Mini being significantly cannibalistic, but there doesn’t appear to be any new tablets cannibalistic device. Is there an opportunity for upside do you feel or do you feel that this is actually an aggressive target basically?
Steve Luczo: It seems like you are focused on unit TAMs still, is that right?
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Yes, yes, I am sorry, I am sorry that’s with respect to unit TAMs.
Steve Luczo: That’s not the only world you are talking about. Again, that’s not the only world we think about. So we think unit TAM probably trends as it has over the last several quarters, which seems to be this kind of 140 give or take like we said I think the last call and the call before that whether or not when you are within 10 million units of either side of that type of TAM for the drive industry, now that’s the things that the industry can manage pretty easily given the way we are producing. It’s really the mix within that. That’s more critical. And I think that just the architectural trends that we see one is the continued advancement of mobile technologies and then the network effect that, that has on where data is created and stored doesn’t seem to us there would be any trend to break away from that. Hopefully, we are some of the new mobile products. You get an even greater network effect, because maybe there is more endpoints of people sharing which content, but the reason we kind of feel December is the same is the last five or six quarters is because we don’t really see any big macro changes negative or positive and we don’t really see any shifts away from the mobile and cloud future that we have been pretty solid on speaking to. So I think you are going to see relatively flat TAMs with the shift to increasing capacity per drive, which of course were the vertically integrated drive companies means absorption in heads and disc, which is good for us. And then the higher capacity drives of course are higher value-add technology as they are harder drives to making harder drives to test.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of (indiscernible) with BMO Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I had a question on hybrids and SSDs, in your Analyst Day you guys communicated that you guys would have about $100 million in hybrids and SSDs, can you provide an update on that for if you guys are still tracking that?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I would say we succeeded in those comments that we made previously. We are not given specific numbers on that, but we met or exceeded that comment that we made in the September analyst update.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. The question on the ASPs, it was down roughly 3% sequentially. And when I look at the product mix, your consumer electronics rose roughly flat and your hybrid shipments were much higher than we expected. So can you help us understand why ASPs were down 3, was there anything in terms of each products, where pricing was more aggressive or not?
Steve Luczo: Overall, the portfolio like I said was less than 2%. What you are seeing in ASP is much more mix adjusted on based on how the between segments. So if we take a look at the breakdown where the revenue came from, it was on a higher mix of I’d say client drives versus then I mean the enterprise side. So it’s all – what you are seeing is all affected by the market mix.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. A couple of questions from me. I guess first, when it comes to highest capacity drives that the cloud can buy, it's basically 4 terabyte correct, on the 3.5 inch form factor. I’m just interested in what the next aerial density point is when we should see that and will you launch it on the cloud first?
Dave Mosley: We will probably will launch it on the cloud first, we won't make a product announcement today but you can imagine that if that segment is really demand in the capacity points we were talking about and we’re looking hard on it.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Let’s go peep into the fourth ladder, universe.
Dave Mosley: It's pretty competitive information Rich but we’re not going to talk about what part of (indiscernible) we’re putting inside of our devices.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay and then I guess within that range if you write about where the Exabyte growth is going and the industry's ability to fulfill it the supply chain we will need to invest as well, especially on the head side, but at the same time heads are one of those categories where one of your competitors buys almost all of their business. So I'm just interested in your views of the strategic levels of commitment that the head supplier has to you guys and your view of cutbacks in that area if you want to keep it more in-house.
Dave Mosley: Well, I think we have talked about this a little bit at the analyst day in New York. We’re great partners with the external head vendor TDK and we don't foresee changing that going into the future. They have other customers obviously and what they do with those other customers kind of up to them. We will continue to maintain the technology and manufacturing synergies that we get with them going forward.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay and then last question is just Pat, what should we be assuming from a share count perspective on a blended basis for the second quarter?
Pat O’Malley: I think if you take a look at the December quarter based on what we have transacted with Samsung. It's is a 320 million for the actual shares and approximately 346 million for fully diluted and I just planned for that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Sterling with Barclays.
Eric Sterling - Barclays: Your competitor last week had talked about modest potential improvement on the PC side, I’m just wondering if you guys are seeing anything to substantiate that looking at into the end of the year and into next year? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Yes so I think right now we still see a pretty choppy situation among the different OEMs. There's clearly some that are still suffering and some that are doing better than the overall market segment and we look out to next year in early stages, we’re hopeful with the new design, the OEMs are coming out with well to stimulate consumer demand but it's still just a pretty murky segment of the market and that's why I think we’re very selective and cautious about how we continue to look at the client level of the marketplace.
Eric Sterling - Barclays: And any of the different view on the corporate PC side?
Steve Luczo: Yeah I think we’re much more optimistic on the corporate PC side, and we have got a couple of initiatives that should bear a very positive fruit as we go into 2014 so we’re much more optimistic on that side for sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Two questions I would like to ask one just real quick I guess for Pat with the OpEx do you think OpEx keeps increasing in dollar terms into the summer quarter I guess particularly with options but anything outside of the ordinary and then more sort of strategic product wise, can you tell us I know it's early but when you look at the ultra-mobile drive targeting tablet, where is the early OEM interest do you think most focus is it literally tablets or is it convertibles and is it going for using capacity or sure of bang to the buck as a differentiator or is it trying to kind of create a different looking part, I’m just trying to see where the demand is there. Thank you very much.
Steve Luczo: So I will answer the first part and then I will hand it off to Rocky but in the first part, we are committed for the December quarter statement, 12% to 14% revenue range for OpEx and it’s probably close to the high end as you said with options in our continued investment in cloud mobility. So it’s probably at the higher end of that range for the December quarter. And then it should probably moderate after that and for Rocky to go through.
Rocky Pimentel: Yes, this is Rocky. So we have a number of OEM programs currently addressing the ultra-mobile class product that we announced back in September. One of the benefits of our design kit is the ability for the OEM to either buy the drive in a native format or buy it as a hybrid, which gives a lot of flexibility we provide the micro code in the mobile enablement kit according to what the OEM wishes to do, but certainly as we see 2014 unfold and this is where there could be a new pop in the consumer side of the business as the new form factor and design packaging comes out to be more of a convertible device that functions the benefits of both the tablet and the traditional notebook world. This is certainly something we think it stimulate consumer demand. And also commercial demand, we think that there will be some commercial platforms also introduced that better fit the enterprise environment. So we are actually very hopeful on the ultra-mobile side. And maybe Dave has got a couple more comments on that?
Dave Mosley: Yes. I guess the other thing I would say is that we are pretty confident in that 5-millimeter design point as being robust enough to handle it. And a lot of that will depend on the market adoption of those form factors, but it’s still pretty slow, but over the next year we should see more and hopefully that’s a compelling play out there in the notebook space.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Yes, thanks for taking the question. A couple if I can as well. I think in the past and I have not seen the supplemental commentary stuff yet, but I think in the past you have talked about the breakdown of your 8.1 million units that you have shipped in total enterprise between mission-critical and near line. Can you disclose that? And then also I am interested to understand what you view as your share position in the higher capacity point with the 4 terabyte solution starting to ship this last quarter? And I have a follow-up.
Pat O’Malley: Hi, Aaron. This is Pat. I will answer the first part and I will let Rocky answer the high capacity. When we look at the products in the markets whether it’s near line business critical and mission-critical, they are very similar in their technical applications and the customer sets. Therefore, we feel it’s more appropriate to aggregate these for presentation purposes and we will continue to do that in the future. And Rocky, you could take the high capacity?
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. So, on the high capacity side, we actually gained some market share in the near line this last quarter with our 4 terabyte solution. We were admittedly a quarter or two late to market against the competition. We have gained our traditional market share in that category. And on the enterprise class products, we also gained this last quarter. So we are very happy with the performance of the upper end of the portfolio.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay. And then as my follow-up, just looking at the continued return of cash or free cash flow to shareholders, it looks like coming out of this quarter with a $32.7 million that you are spending on the shares of Samsung, we are already talking about $1.8 billion spend thus far this year. How do we take that in the context of the 90% cash flow from operations of return that you expect to do? And I think on top of that, are we still kind of sticking to the target of $250 million exiting calendar ‘14? I just want to be clear that those shares from Samsung aren’t on top of that?
Steve Luczo: So we commit three-side turn, 70% of operating cash flow. And this puts us well in line to do that. For the rest of the shares for beyond this level, we don’t view the – because of 382 rules now, we are going to view those as fairly synonymous going forward. So now, it’s going to be a function of cash flow, but given when we have started this program and the stock is at 19, it’s now going to be a function of the stock price and how we want to look at dividends and redemption of shares. So we will continue to monitor that and we will engage appropriately, but from our standpoint we are committed for the return on cash flow in the most efficient and effective way to our shareholders.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay. So the $1.5 million for the Samsung shares is inclusive or should be included in that 70% number?
Steve Luczo: That’s correct.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Okay, thank you.
Steve Luczo: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to ask a little bit about your CapEx plans going forward I think historically you have had a goal of 6% to 8% of revenue for your CapEx, you have been well below that clearly with the market being relatively flat. I wouldn’t expect you to increase that but just wanted to understand your views of spending for CapEx, what do you need to spend on? What do you think the industry is spending on and does that pick up at a new point? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: So yeah as we have talked about before we’re still pretty much in line with 6% to 8% for this year although as we see that we have enough capacity online to meet the demands you know quarter-over-quarter we will sometimes pull the breaks a little bit and we did that starting a little bit last quarter so which as reflected in the CapEx numbers that we talked about. I think that we can replace equipment and keep our technology migrating along for something well under that 6% to 8% so occasionally from time to time we will pull back but we will be ready to go should we see upsides either heads, disks or drives as Exabyte march goes on. Right now I’m a little bit just concerned that that we won't see that for another year or so we pulled this last quarter.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And then just thinking about the long term targets that you could have for the gross margins 27% to 32%, you guys are sort of at the lower end of that, how do we get to the higher end of that range what needs to happen? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I think Sherri it's really a function of again kind of relative growth of the cloud service providers again just because of the value associated with those drives and then really just macroeconomic traction I mean I think as long as the petabyte growth is where it's at, the industry does all right to maintain the margins because of the absorption, but I think really to push the industry you know let say above 30% I think it's probably going to take some overall growth. I think the world is still a bit cautious on maybe that plays into some of the things we talked about earlier in terms of what happens with the drives that are more targeted towards the mobile market that with the next-generation of products from OEMs could be compelling. You can get some Exabyte growth with HDD's in the markets that today are just purely SSDs. We have seen that even a little bit on the high-end notebook market that is all flash based or hybrid drives now represent about 20% of that market which is a market that I think year ago people would have said we wouldn’t have anything of so. I think it just plays into a bunch of things but I think the real driver is going to be a better macro outlook with generate just you know a higher rate of global demand for storage both in terms of exabytes and units across the board.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: The big introduction of new SSDs was in May, I hope you can maybe talk through how the adoption has gone and maybe how you’re competing there too with the relative mix of OEM versus channel and then maybe as a third point, what’s the ultimate share opportunity within pure SSDs? Thanks.
Rocky Pimentel: We’re still in the early stage of the SSD I think we were really pleased with this quarter’s performance on SSDs obviously, making the comment that we did over a $100 million of solid stake related storage in the quarter tells you that you know our SSD business unit performed very well relative to a quarter-to-quarter performance. I think as we look out and actually look at this quarter’s performance the unit is probably as big as anything that's been acquired recently by other companies. So we were very pleased with that, I think we’re still working on our technology roadmap of the sustainable strategic advantages we can have in each of the key product portfolios so I don't know that we can now that we made a bold statement as to how much of a market share we’re going to have but I think that we feel with our presence in our existing storage portfolio and the response we've been getting from our major accounts in both the cloud service area as well as the OEM area the opportunity is there for us to execute to have a pretty handsome share in the SSD market. But it's still early on and there is a lot of plays to be executed and a lot of competitive developments that are going to happen. So we have to go and attack it.
Steve Luczo: Yes, this is Steve. I mean, it’s pretty dynamic right now. And we expect it will be over the next couple of years as all these different technologies play out in terms of which application spaces they are successful and then which kind of workload requirements are needed by which type of customer. I think for Seagate, certainly, we have always targeted the enterprise SAS market as one that we believe we have a competitive advantage in value-add as a result of our experience in the higher end compute market as it exist. Obviously, Hitachi has the same advantage. So I think relative to some of the other players that haven’t been as exposed to those enterprise workloads as we have, the drive industry has kind of a natural advantage and I could see that those shares reflect what we see in the mission-critical space. I think the SATA space gets a little more confusing just because it’s currently under a lot of price pressure from the people that control media and then the PCI market space whether or not you call that storage or fast memory is also I think extremely challenged right now by a lot of competitors in the space. And while there is value-add to the software, the companies that are providing the media I think are making it difficult for anyone to really have an attractive margin there. So for us, we are really focused on enterprise SAS. That’s where we think we have our best opportunity in the most capabilities and we were most excited about our partnership with Samsung. And the other areas, we will proceed with cautiously, but with the same mindset that we are really focused on margins here and want to make sure that we deploy something that we can sustain over a number of years with the competitive advantage.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Great overview, thanks. As my quick follow-up, Pat, with the sustainable or a go-forward quarterly interest expense, net interest expense number after the $1.5 billion goes out, that went out the door in October? Thanks.
Pat O’Malley: So the interest expense, if you just talk pure interest expense, it’s around $40 million to $45 million in that range. Obviously, if you are talking to net line over the interest income, the interest income is still going to be relatively low whether we have the cash or not, you are not getting much on your investment this day. So that won’t marginally change. So I think if you are just looking for the interest expense model around $45 million and it will be okay.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Steven Fox at Cross.
Steven Fox - Cross: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just two questions from me. Just I was wondering if we can get some highlights around the branded business for the quarter whether just it look like it was up marginally from fiscal Q4 and sort of the outlook for the rest of the calendar year? And then secondly, just on the Kinetic announcement, probably don’t understand the technology as well as I should, but from a go-to-market standpoint, your ability to commercialize this platform, can you just sort of talk about, I don’t know if timeframe is relevant, but just sort of how you go about realizing revenues from this announcement? Thanks.
Rocky Pimentel: Yes, this is Rocky. I will take the branded one and then on Kinetic, I will turn it over to Dave. On branded, I would say, we were very pleased with the performance of the branded division. We succeeded in higher capacity drives in that category in the marketplace. There was legitimately a very challenging low end of the market price environment for branded, but despite that characteristic, our branded team did execute well against the market that made sense for our quality of business. So we are really pleased with that. Now having said that, there is a key product segment in the branded business, 2 terabyte that has been pretty successful in the marketplace for the last quarter or two and we are now shipping that product into the marketplace and that was not present to our September numbers in volumes. So we are optimistic about what we can continue to do on the branded side as we get to volume on our 2 terabyte products. So we will keep you posted on that. And I will turn over to Dave then for Kinetic.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Steven on the Kinetic announcement, it’s really a development kit at this point in time, it’s some electronics added to our print circuit board on our hard drives, not tremendously difficult to do, but the ecosystem that’s outside of the drive isn’t developed yet. So we need to get the product out so that people can get working on that development. As you know in the past, we have kind of spearheaded the changes whether it’s SCSI or fiber channel or serial attached SCSI in the enterprise world to new interfaces and this is the same along that line. Although it's not a block based interface it's really a key value Ethernet interface if you will, and the largest reason that we did it was because well we have got a bunch of customers asking us for things like this, but what’s happening what they see is that the objects themselves are being disaggregated in the blocks in order to be passed across the block based interfaces into the drive and that’s costing money outside of that the disk drive whether it's software or silicon or whatever. So by virtue of us having this I mean expose this kind of interface to them then they can go and integrate without some of those added cost and the total cost ownership [ph] goes down. So we’re pretty excited about it right now but you need everybody’s else to go help develop that ecosystem outside the drive. All right great. Thanks everyone. On behalf of the Seagate team we thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s presentation. Thank you so much for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-24 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Luczo - Chief Executive Officer Pat O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer Rocky Pimentel - Executive Vice President, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Dave Mosley - Executive Vice President, Operations Ken Massaroni - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Rob Cihra - Evercore Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Scott Smith - Morgan Stanley Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Cindy Shaw - DISCERN
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Seagate Technology’s Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year End 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Shaquana, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today in Dublin, Ireland are Seagate’s executive team, our CEO, Steve Luczo, CFO, Pat O’Malley, EVP of Sales and Marketing, Rocky Pimentel, EVP of Operations, Dave Mosley, and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal fourth quarter and the year-end 2013 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights from the June quarter and provide the company’s outlook for the fiscal first quarter 2014. After that, we will open up the call for questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements relating to the company’s historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the September quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand in general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors may be beyond the company’s control and may pose a risk to the company’s operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are contained in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2012 and in the company’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2013. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s view of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Luczo: Thanks Kate. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate demonstrated strong operational performance in the June quarter achieving revenues of $3.4 billion and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin of 28%, net income of $447 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.20. Bulk of our revenue and gross margin results for the quarter were higher, were at the higher end of our expectations, primarily driven by near line market demands, as a wide variety of customers deployed Cloud infrastructure and applications. Full year fiscal 2013 revenues were $14.4 billion and on a non-GAAP basis we achieved gross margin of 28%, net income of $2 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $5.31. We met our shareholder capital return goals for the year returning 70% of operating cash flow, and 90% of free cash flow in the form of dividends and share redemptions. In addition we successfully restructured our debt profile this quarter to optimize Seagate’s capital structure and to support the long term growth of the company reducing our annual interest expense by over $40 million. We ended the fiscal year with approximately $2.3 billion in cash and investments and 359 million ordinary shares outstanding. Going forward we remain committed to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share redemptions. We have nearly completed our share redemption plans for the September quarter purchasing approximately 4 million shares in the month of July. For fiscal 2014 we are targeting to return upto 70% of operating cash flow and upto 90% of free cash flow to shareholders. Our senior management is pleased that Seagate executed well in a time of change, uncertainty and opportunity over the course of fiscal year 2013. In addition to meeting the vast majority of our financial goals we successfully enhanced and expanded our storage technology portfolio through organic growth, partnership and acquisition to position us for future success with an expanding base of customers. For the cloud market we introduced several new enterprise products and features designed to specifically address the manageability, performance, total cost of ownership and security requirements for these environments. We’re particularly excited about the opportunities of our new 4 terabyte near line product with a competitive combination of capacity and energy efficiency that customers are demanding. We expanded our SSD solutions over the last several months to include our newest enterprise SSD that we developed with Samsung and we have strategic investments focused on the emerging enterprise PCIe market and key architecture advancements in next generation SSD technology. In the mobile market we have introduced our 7 millimeter hybrid drives and 5 millimeter disk drives for thin and light and tablet computing. As the mobile market continues to evolve and expand we believe we’re well positioned with competitive products that are high capacity, high performance and cost effective storage solutions. And then in the branding market our acquisition of LaCie and new products such as Seagate Wireless Plus and Seagate Central has significantly boasted our external drives and personal cloud offerings for easy to use home storage solutions that we believe will continue to be in strong demand. Over Seagate’s history we have successfully invested in our technology portfolio to deliver the industry’s highest standard of security, reliability and performance coupled with these efforts we have worked to make cost effective and well-timed capital investments to support our global manufacturing operations. In fiscal year ’13 our capital expenditures were less than 6% of revenue and focused on maintenance investment for our existing infrastructure and improvements to our global manufacturing and R&D footprint including the Korea Design Center for our Samsung acquisition and planning for our improved media R&D center in Fremont, California. In fiscal year ’14, we expect our capital investments to remain within our long term targeted gains of 6% to 8% of revenue. Mobile and cloud will continue to be the priority areas where we are investing in our R&D efforts and aligning our technology portfolio and we expect our operating expenses to remain relatively flat. At the same time maintaining our product gross margin is a key priority at Seagate which will enable us to make the investments required for advancement of our technology portfolio. For the past several quarters our model has proven to be effective for us to leverage both market opportunities and manage through uncertainty. We will continue to work to balance near term financial performance with long term strategic development or maximizing shareholder value. We remain mindful on the uncertainties affecting our industry including macroeconomic factors, monetary policies, government spending and the technology transition that’s taking place particularly in mobile computing. For the September quarter we believe the demand environment will be moderately, sequentially and we expect revenues of approximately 3.5 billion to 3.6 billion and non-GAAP gross margins to remain relatively flat. In summary, we believe Seagate is well positioned for this era of data growth and technology transformation. We are optimistic about our leadership position in product portfolio and technology, and we look forward to updating you on our vision and strategic plan at our Investor Meeting on September 10. On behalf of the entire management team, I want to thank our employees for meeting our operational goals for the fiscal year and positioning Seagate for ongoing success in fiscal year 2014. I also want to thank our customers, partners, suppliers, and shareholders for continued support and commitment. We are now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele representing Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Good morning. Just a couple of questions from me. I guess, first on the long-term trajectory for your business. It seems you have intentionally focused on the enterprise and some of the other higher capacity opportunities can you just talk about perhaps long-term, Steve, what you think two years out your mix might be between enterprise and all of the flavors, retail and client?
Steve Luczo: I think it’s probably more corporate we talked about that at the Investor Day, Rich, where we are talking about our longer term strategic vision.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, I will hop off of that. And then more near-term to the enterprise hybrid that you launched, can you just talk about how you think that, that will work into the product line of the customer interest, would you expect most of your OEMs to move to that or is that for a specific subset of the client of the customer side?
Dave Mosley: Yes, Rich, this is Dave. I can give you some flavor of that. So, obviously we know a lot about enterprise workloads, because we have been studying the drive from the markets for that are part of 15 years as people have integrated into the high-performance servers that we develop today. As we look at those workloads, what we see that is that sometimes the drives get used as I am going to call them almost memory devices that the data is spread all over the place in the drive, but oftentimes, the systems level operating systems, the applications layers so on, have been able to aggregate into more sequential workloads. So, what the hybrid drive does is it allows the drive to shift from one to the other really well, and we foresee that there is not really any massive changes coming in server architecture or the operating systems architectures, that’s going to address the drive. So, this is going to be a good value proposition for the high-performance drive for some time to come. And we think that most of the market will move over to these kinds of drives as people see that value performance of that (pay more).
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. Just two last housekeeping, one on the TAM, can you just give us your sense of what you thought the TAM was in June? And then lastly, if you can make any comments on the appeals court process was announced yesterday?
Steve Luczo: Yeah, it seems like the TAM in June was 132, 133, Rich. And I will let Ken answer the question about the Court of Appeals.
Ken Massaroni: Yes, Rich. I mean, the company is pleased of the Court of Appeals reversed and remanded the judgment back to the District Court with an order to enter the findings on our behalf that we did as indicators that will appeal to the Supreme Court Minnesota which has a discretionary appeal that Supreme Court is not compelled to take it. Seagate will do everything that we have to defend the judgment that we have received at this point in time, and we’ll see what Supreme Court likes to do.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you very much. Congrats on the quarter.
Steve Luczo: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah representing Brean Capital. Please proceed.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: Hi guys. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. A couple if I could. Hey, Steve, big acceleration, nice acceleration in the enterprise drives this quarter you referenced it as well. I was interested in saying if you give us some of the dynamics behind the 9% sequential increase and then also you are commenting on I guess if you think this is sort of the signal that some of the stronger growth (inaudible) that you mentioned on last quarter calls as well and then I’ve a follow-up. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I think I’ll let Rocky follow-up and what I mean generically it's continuous to be what we see as big build-out we call the infrastructure whether not that’s CSG related or ISG related or even private (inaudible) related I mean clearly architecturally there is a big change going on in terms of how people are storing and managing their data. So I think it is a continuation of that trend, those growth rates you know tended to be accelerating and it is an extension of what I think happen over the course of the next several years. I think what’s going to be interesting about the business is that it will be spiky I think from time to time I think more from upside perspective, I think that the general trend is positive and I think on top of that you’re probably going to have these spikes for either big ISPs or CSPs decide that they have to do some big build out competitively or geographically and that’s what we kind of manage our way through. You don’t see that in the normal quarterly or maybe multi-quarterly planning process but then in quarter all of a sudden you can get these opportunities and the ability to respond to them is important. So I think it is the continued trend of overall architectural change that is certainly driving higher capacity drives in the infrastructure.
Rocky Pimentel: I will add to Steve’s comments, there definitely was a strength of the quarter to quarter growth and what we call define as the cloud customer class, as Steve mentioned between each account the characteristic differ but the overall group continues to grow you know very robustly on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I think also this last quarter we filled in some of our product portfolio on the near line which gained a lot of momentum particularly in our 4 terabyte drive class category so couple of very positive drivers in the whole near line data center class products that’s what we benefited from.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Capital: Yeah that’s helpful and I then guess just part and parcel with that, growth margin guidance was flattish in the September quarter, can you just walkthrough I guess the puts and takes on the flash margin guidance kind of in the face of seeing improved mix as we begin the second half of the year. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Well actually in the second half of the year usually don’t get improved mix, you get a strong notebook playing (ph) you get a smaller gaming play so actually the mix works against you the second half of the year and that’s been in this case offset against you know we think continued growth on the cloud side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers representing Stifel. Please proceed.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: The first question looking at your 855 average capacity per drive as we look forward through this next fiscal year what do you think that exists this next fiscal year and then I think last quarter you had alluded the possibility of tightness on finished media if the industry were to get towards a 500 exabyte level or about 420 right now, what’s your view on that updated view on that dynamic?
Dave Mosley: So we’re not quite there yet I think it really does depend on the growth of the cloud specific Aaron to the extent that five disc drives are in the norm Rocky mentioned the 4 terabytes for example, as that continues to grow so I won't (inaudible) talk about box but just talk about Exabyte growth and then that really starts to strain the media. I don’t think we’re going to be there in FY ’14 but it will be more of a FY ’15 commentary.
Steve Luczo: Now on the first question now I think if you look at the product offerings, the 4 GB product that we mentioned in kind of the demand we’re seeing for that and then in the consumer marketplace which is really for the higher capacity drives are going obviously, there will a bunch of 2 GB products coming on so I think exiting the fiscal year will be certainly crusting our near 1 terabyte on average capacity per drive you know again you got to remember that the classic enterprise drives are lower capacity drives but they are doing much higher performance. So it's really what’s going on in cloud and what’s going on in consumer both those trends are quite neo-positive from a capacity perspective.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Great and then the final question for me, what assumption are you making as far as the TAM through the back half of this calendar year and how does that reflect the new game council cycle?
Steve Luczo: Well, we have only talked to September quarter, so I know we are not really talking close to the back half of the year. Again, we will give you a little better clarity about what we think some of the longer term trends are for the December quarter and to Rich’s question earlier a little bit, our incentive up, two or three years out, but I think the market estimates are implied in our moderately sequential number. We are kind of thinking that it grew to 132 last quarter you can see 135 to 140 in the September quarter, and we would expect December to be up from that.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And game council?
Steve Luczo: In terms of what accident numbers or?
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, in terms of just the new game council cycle with the Xbox One and then the PS4?
Steve Luczo: Yes, it should be positive.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line (inaudible). Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Kate Scolnick: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Just following up on some of the comments around solid say drives developments that you had with Samsung, I was just curious in terms of where you think you would be on commercialization of some of those products between now and year end? And then secondly, any comments around some of that, there was couple of acquisitions that were relatively high profile in that area? And I was curious where you guys stand on build five versus build given those acquisitions and given your own incremental elements? Thanks.
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. So, I think based on the activities that, this is Rocky by the way, that we have done over the last year were still very interested in making strategic investments in SSD and PCI category products. Organically, we have been utilizing our Samsung partnership as well as our internal development efforts. And right now, based on our forecast as we would exit this year, our organic efforts in SSD would be greater than any of those companies that were recently acquired by in the open marketplace. So, I think we feel pretty positive about the evolution of our SSD initiatives.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean, obviously there was nothing secret about the acquisitions that occurred and it was our decision not to participate. We are confident in what we are doing internally right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, that’s very helpful. And then just secondly just looking at the notebook market for the second half, can you may be talk about where you stand in terms of 5 millimeter drives design wins, how much momentum you think that can contribute to your business as the year progresses?
Steve Luczo: Sure. I don’t know that I view 5-millimeter necessarily as a notebook drive. I think we view 7-millimeter as probably the right platform for thin and light notebooks. 5-millimeter probably is the more compelling drive for something even more mobile like a tablet. And we are happy with the engagement that we have on the 7-millimeter side as most OEMs are incorporating 7-millimeter and 7-millimeter hybrid into their next generation thin and light offerings. And we are pleased to-date with the engagement we have had on the 5-millimeter side going into tablet. So, we do think that high capacity, high performance, and much lower cost on a per gigabyte basis is compelling to mobile users. So, we will see how it plays out the rest of this fiscal year, but so far I would say we are encouraged by what we are seeing from the OEMs. Rocky, you want to add?
Rocky Pimentel: Yes, I was going to say this quarter we will be shipping a meaningful amount of 5-millimeter drives as we launch into our initial program. So, we are pretty positive. We have several major OEM commitments on the 5-millimeter that we will be pursuing as we exit the September quarter and then continue to build that volume in the December quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, that’s very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra representing Evercore. Please proceed.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Hi, thanks very much. Two questions, I guess, because one on gross margin, it was actually solid in the quarter 28% even on a weak PC market. I am just wondering though if you look at your target range, what you think you need to see to get higher up that, I mean, is it simply better capacity utilization or there are more drivers to that? And I have a follow-up, if that’s alright.
Pat O'Malley: This is Pat, Rob. Clearly, volume would be beneficial to us, I mean, but given the world that we are seeing is with the modern growth rates now, we’re really managing on the price stability as much as we can because we need these margins continue to invest and also just mix. As Steve talked about with the cloud build out that’s certainly been helpful to maintain it, but to drive to the middle of the range, you need either a greater mix or some volume because I think we’re doing a pretty good job on maintaining the economics on the drives being sold.
Rob Cihra - Evercore: Okay and then just in CapEx you obviously have been running lean and you said running is a sort of whatever operational levels, I know you gave the guide for fiscal ’14 to stay in your target range. Do you feel like you're almost running too low, I mean you’re running nicely conservative but it was fiscal ’13 almost too low when you start looking at new technologies and that sort of thing? I mean is that a, is there a chance for higher up in that range as you again in fiscal ’14 or do you think you can still sort (ph) around maintenance levels. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: I think it depends on I think the answer to your question is no, I don’t think it was too low. I think it was appropriate for the visibility that we have around demand and which is both again a technical transition issue on the client side offset by a technical transition on the enterprise side offset by very squishy macroeconomic conditions and not a lot of that has changed so we’re going to run the capital pretty tight. If the trends continue where the client side shows little or no growth and cloud continues to grow. We do think we will hit capacity issues, which then you we will probably evidence themselves and shortages and a different margin structure at which point then we can consider what we do on the capital side but we’re not going to lean into it other than maintaining what we need for technical advancements. Dave do you want to add?
Dave Mosley: No I think that’s right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to get a little bit of detail on your thoughts on ASPs as we have head into the back half, I know Pat you said that you’re managing to have good economic, I mean there is a good growth margins in the quarter but I think some of the OEMs had said they had seen HD pricing starting to come down. So can you give us some sense of your expectation for ASPs as we move into September?
Pat O'Malley: Our position has been in the last several quarters remaining relatively flat. Obviously there is, our view is we still want to drive the cost of storage down by delivering compelling products through technology and cost management, but our view on the price is going to be relatively stable and that’s our plans for the rest of this calendar year.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And you also talked about having I think the commentary was meaningful and also a 5 millimeter drives in September quarter, are you’re going to start breaking out the hybrid and the SSD products in any time over the next couple of quarters because it seems like it's becoming a more important piece of your business.
Randy Olmstead: I think we will be able to give some level of guidance as that market develops for us, probably a little premature right now as Rocky said we’re going through a lot of OEM qualifications, we’re feeling fairly positive but once it starts taking traction that’s probably a fair breakout for a period of time.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay great and then just my final question. I know you guys, anniversary anniversaried the Samsung acquisition in the beginning of the year or last year December. Have you had any progress in terms of integrating that business, I know couple of quarters ago you said you weren’t really focused on that but just wanted to get an update. Thanks.
Pat O'Malley: We’re still under MASCOM agreement which we’re working very positively with the agency and so we don’t view it as a huge challenge but we’re operating these two entities on the interface of the customers vary independently still today.
Steve Luczo: Yeah I mean the R&D side and the ops side has been integrated for a while but it's just the customer facing activities that we’re managing separately and we will continue to do so until we’re released from those restrictions by MASCOM (ph).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Smith representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Scott Smith - Morgan Stanley: Guys can you just run through some of the puts and takes in the free cash flow side and when do you expect to get back to levels that allow to meet your repurchase goals?
Pat O'Malley: So, maybe on the repurchase goals I don’t know what you are referring to, but from our standpoint, Steve in his prepared comments talked about returning 70% of operating cash flow, which was our goal last year and we met it, and we are continuing try to target up to that this year as well and also as much as 90% cash flow. So, for fiscal 2013, we have never had a stated goal other than to continue to return large amount of the use of the cash flow to the shareholders.
Scott Smith - Morgan Stanley: Yes, I guess, and just referring to the $250 million target exiting 2014?
Pat O'Malley: Yes, okay, that’s calendar 2014. So, that’s still a target with us. Obviously, the share price does have an effect on it. So, we will manage the business and we will continue. In the meantime, the return significant amounts of capital cash flow to the shareholders. So, that’s the fiscal ‘13 goal.
Scott Smith - Morgan Stanley: And then Pat, just on the free cash flow this quarter, I think there was a large other item, can you just run through what drove the lower free cash flow in the quarter?
Pat O'Malley: The redemption of the debt we issued $1 billion, but we also redeemed $700 million. So, we had $111 million of basically premium and charges to accelerate that redemption, but in the period, we are going to say of over $40 million a year, extend their debt maturities over two years and dropped overall portfolio by 130 basis points. So, that was a one-time charge of the whole restructuring of the debt profile.
Scott Smith - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nowinski representing Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Good morning. It’s Dan Garofalo on for Andy. Thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to focus on the enterprise, I know there has been a few questions, obviously another strong quarter, especially in the near line category. I guess, as you look at that category, it looks like 21% year-over-year unit growth in fiscal ‘13 given the increasing capacity that is getting shipped in cloud applications, how should we think about unit growth in that category. Is it fair to think that it could accelerate?
Steve Luczo: It is tended to have accelerated over the last two years. And I think the conditions that are causing that acceleration are still in their early stages. So, I think as Cloud continues to build out, we still expect growth in that area.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then I guess just one follow-up if I could focusing on the PC industry, in addition to talk about second half catalyst related to new product intros, there has also been talk of Microsoft gaining support for Windows XP next April, potentially being a catalyst for the PC industry. I just wonder how are you looking at that event, as well as any color you can provide on your view of the PC pipeline for the second half of the year. Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Well, I don’t think we have – I mean, we have our own perspective on, which is we are positive, we are more positive than the doomsday scenario of the PC is dead. As you know, we tend to – we still wise line about PC Plus, not post PC. And we believe that the PC has an important role to plating and computing environment for sure as do the mobile devices that connect to it and around it as does the cloud that everything on it is going to ultimately connect to. So, our view is positive on the client side in all of its forms. And I wouldn’t want to specifically identify an action by Microsoft, but we think the long-term trends are still positive for the PC industry, but there is no reason for us to kind of plan to that right today. We just – we have the capacity and ability to address that marketplace that’s in front of us. And as it stabilizes or recovers we will be in a position to I think have a good product offering to fit all the different segmentations that are occurring around how people use technology and make their lives better.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg representing Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My question is on enterprise SSD market, I mean, we are seeing strong adoption of enterprise SSD, and Seagate has also made investment in the field. So, could you may be talk about the impact of enterprise SSDs on the mission critical drive?
Rocky Pimentel: Clearly there is emerging evolution of what’s the high performance layer in the data centers which is the, it's a blend between mission critical and enterprise SSD and I think it's important that we have both sides of that equation covered, certainly there is again ebbs and flows of the transition between somebody wanting mission critical elements of HDDs and their typology versus SSD. So, I think with the growing success of our enterprise SSD initiative we’re less concerned about what does that mean for mission critical drives and what it means about our kind of high performance element of the enterprise overall. So, certainly we see some customers migrating more to SSD enterprise class SSD solution but still the mission critical is an important element in the overall architecture so both elements are important and the fact that we’re succeeding it both kind of gives us confidence that whatever the customer wants we can fulfill their need.
Steve Luczo: We like to garner our characterization and these are complementary technologies, I have heard that somewhere before.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: And then if I may just a follow-up on the same question. I mean we have seen the NAND companies moving in the enterprise SSD space and given more than 80% cost of the enterprise SSD is just raw flash so the question is how you think HDD industry and Seagate compete against with NAND vendors when given they are increasing the offering in this space too.
Steve Luczo: Obviously understanding the customers and integrating with the customers is a key point of how successful you’re going to be and so pointing back you will see a variance in the enterprise space understanding customer workloads, is really important. I will say that the market itself is very complex and so at some places the SSDs are being used as storage devices and some places they are actually storage class memory or memory like devices. And difference (inaudible) that it might be hanging up of, it's a really complex space maybe with one brush (ph) and say you know 10k or 15k HDDs belong here and SSDs belong here especially given the plethora of applications and the servers this will be really completed.
Pat O'Malley: So I think the reality is that the workload and application aspects that we either favor SSD or HDDs are different and those that favor SSDs weren’t really being served by HDDs it's actually opening up in an entirely new application set and the front end of that set has advantages to SSD if it's random and if it enables therefore the analysis of more and more data then we think that obviously supports the need for high availability data to run through that front end and so we actually think warrant store (ph) and things like that are becoming very important as well. So again the replacement aspect of IE, I use an SSD drive to replace a boot drive that’s a three year old story that was about 1% of the mission critical drives that we sold. I think the reality is just like phones that aren’t using disk drives or driving the creation and sharing content that’s impacting the need for more HDD and the infrastructure, SSDs on the enterprise side are doing the same thing with basically big data analytics and we’re one having products that will participate in that category directly, we do it with partners, we do it with our own products and it also benefits us on the HDD side or on the hybrid side to one of the earlier questions I think which Kugele asked about the nature of that customer which seems to be the big data customers that need an accelerator into the SSD. So we think again this is just part of an overall architectural change that favors big data growth and big data needs to sit on that disk drive ultimately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine representing Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: I think, hate to look at market shares on a short term basis but any comments you can make on whether the strength in enterprise reflects any share gains during the quarter and conversely the softness and client reflects any share losses or anything you walked away from? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: We have tended not to chase prices much on the client side, which may have resulted in some share loss. I would say, on the enterprise side again, it’s the ability to kind of execute in quarter. Those could either be architectural issues, where we have to be qualified at some OEM or with some particular CSP in someone else isn’t or it could product related. We do feel good about it’s probably more of a Q1 story than a Q4 story, but we do feel good about the positioning of our new 4 terabyte drive. But I think in general, I think any market share shifts in the 1% range is pretty much noise level at this point. And I wouldn’t read too much into it. I think the industry is kind of fairly stable in its market share right now, and I don’t see any big shifts occurring there one way or the other.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Thanks, Steve. And then a quick follow-up on OpEx, we have crept over the percentage of sales for a few quarters now, maybe it’s not surprising given all the new products you have introduced, but you got it flat again kind of what changes – what changes going forward that enables if you kind of keep at this current level, any….
Steve Luczo: Yes, I know, it’s an important question. Yes, I know, it’s an important question. I think with the gross margin change that we have seen over the last couple of years anywhere from 800 to 1000 basis points of additional gross margin, and of course, the company has been good about returning a big percentage of that to our shareholders, I also think given all the opportunities in storage both on the mobile and the cloud side that it’s important for us to invest in some new technologies and products that are resulting from that change in marketplace and that’s where we have been making some investments. And it has pushed the OpEx up marginally. It’s obviously tied to our expectations of revenues and profits down the stream., Some of that is SSD related, some of that is core technology related to make sure that we can keep aerial density growing at the rates that we need to, some of it specifically to mobile and some of it is to cloud. And again at the September meeting, we will continue to update you on whatever our views are about these investments and the particular markets and the technologies that we are deploying, but I do think it’s important for the company to make those investments and position itself to generate revenue growth and margin growth down the stream from those investments. We watch it closely as you know. OpEx is something that we fight hard for every day, and it’s one of the nice DNAs of Seagate. So, we are actively managing it, but I do think it’s important for us to take some of that gross margin expansion and position our company for growth, because there is so much growth related to the storage that we would be remised not to.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Fair point, thanks.
Steve Luczo: Thank you.
Operator: You have time for one final question and that question comes from the line of Cindy Shaw representing DISCERN. Please proceed.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN: Thank you. Several questions. First, you talked at your Investor Meeting last year about going out after the cloud storage by trying to really go up the stack and go more directly, and there is talk about potentially getting higher margins and prices to that value-add. As you look at what you are getting in terms of cloud business now, is that what’s happening or is it more of a classic near line drive?
Steve Luczo: No, it’s a classic near line drive.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN: Is there still a thought that you can with some of these folks that are trying to use more commodity-like drives go up the stack and get those higher margins?
Steve Luczo: We think about it very differently. With OpenStack deployment, there is the opportunity for a desegregation of the software and services level that exist today and many companies are pursuing architectures that say how you take our devices and deploy it with OpenStack to achieve their storage goals. To do that, there are many changes that we may need to make at the device level that effectively move us up the stack, and yes, we have those discussions ongoing with a wide variety of technology providers.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN: And then it’s thought as to when that might actually start to happen in the marketplace, so we are talking the quarters, years?
Steve Luczo: Quarters.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN: Okay. And then following up on a couple of the earlier questions, there was some discussion about potential for capacity constraints as demand and start to improve and the constraint being media. Do you feel like you have got a lot of capacity in another area such as (inaudible) and things like that or would you start to bump into other things pretty quickly after the media?
Rocky Pimentel: It really depends on how it comes out Cindy, if it's the cloud drives there honestly heads media rich, if their client devices which were not as Steve said earlier we’re not really leaning into and those are more box cap related (ph) where we have to procure individual parts and test time and things like that, so there is a balancing act. I think right now we’ve got enough capacity for what we see in FY ’14 and we’re going to be cautious with our CapEx.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN: Okay and then one final clarification, when you answered one of the error questions I wanted to see, it was talking about PC long term trends, you used the word stabilizing, recover. Is it your view that the year-over-year declines in PCs was been seen, in the last few quarters are somewhat temporary phenomenon and the PC units are going to actually start to grow or is that factored in potentially getting hard drives into tablets.
Steve Luczo: Yeah I think it's maybe closer to the second half, I think that we need to stop viewing the world as defining it as the technology that’s 10 year’s old. When someone says PC I don’t know what they think about that giant desktop thing or the notebook, our technology market has continued to evolve over the 35 years I have been in it and what’s happening with tablets is in my mind not any different than what happened when we went from mainframe to many decline servers to PC to now phones and it's a constant evolution of technology that’s basically becoming more and more available to more and more people which allows more people to share and create and at the end of the day that’s driving more stores. So yes we’re positive on the future of client devices if client devices are things that go in individuals hands and they will take the form of something that I can carry in my pocket or something that I can carry in my briefcase or something that’s in my home or something that’s in my workplace that is all connected and some of it may also be in a shared services that many people connect to. So I think we need to kind of change our thinking about what’s happening to the PC, the PC is evolving just like it has for the last 30 years and continue to evolve. Okay. I think that’s last question. Again we want to thank everybody for your time this morning and for coming in for our early call and we look forward to seeing you in September and then talking to you on the next call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick - Vice President of Investor Relations Stephen Luczo - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Pat O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Rocky Pimentel - Executive Vice President, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Dave Mosley - Executive Vice President - Operations Bob Whitmore - Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Ken Massaroni - Chief Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Analysts: Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Richard Kugele - Needham & Company Jason Nolan - Robert Baird Rob Cihra - Evercore Partners Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology's fiscal third quarter 2013 financial results conference call. My name is Aisha, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to today's call. Joining me today at Cupertino are Seagate's executive team, our CEO, Steve Luczo, CFO, Pat O'Malley, EVP of Sales and Marketing, Rocky Pimentel, EVP of Operations, Dave Mosley, our CTO, Bob Whitmore and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal third quarter 2013 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, we will review the highlights from the March quarter and provide the company's outlook for the June quarter. After that, we will open up for questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements relating to the company's historic and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the March quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors maybe beyond the company's control and may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are contained in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2012 and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 29, 2013. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's view of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would like to now turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen Luczo: Thanks Kate. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Seagate's third quarter results again reflects strong operational performance. For the March quarter, we reported revenues of $3.5 billion and on a non-GAAP basis achieved gross margin of 27.6%, net income of $464 million diluted earnings per share of $1.26. On behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank our employees, customers, partners and suppliers for the support and commitment. Our balance sheet remains healthy as we generated $678 million in operating cash flow in the quarter and paid $379 million for the early redemption of a portion of our long-term debt. We ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion in cash and investment. Returning value to our shareholders remains a priority. And in the March quarter, we redeemed 3 million ordinary shares for approximately $102 million and paid a dividend of $0.38 per share. And as a reminder, this payment was accelerated for the December quarter. Over the first nine months of fiscal 2013, Seagate has returned 75% of its operating cash flow to shareholders. Our focus over the last few quarters is centered on effectively optimizing our business model in an environment with limited visibility due to uncertain macroeconomic conditions and technical product transitions among our core customers. In the March quarter, overall demand was slightly higher than our expectations, primarily driven by the continued build out of our infrastructure and applications. During the quarter, we shipped over 47 exabytes of storage with an average capacity of 842 gigabytes per drive. For the first nine months of fiscal year, Seagate has shipped over 130 exabytes of storage, reflecting 33% year-over-year growth, which is well above the current areal density growth rate. Non-GAAP gross margins for the March quarter were 27.6% within both, our expectations and our long-term margin range target. The pricing environment and the quarter was benign and blended ASPs increased slightly driven by product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the March quarter were $446 million, representing a 4% sequential increase which is primarily due to increased employee related expenses and investments in our new storage technologies. These investments support our continued focus on effectively aligning our operating structure to support a broader product portfolio of storage devices, including hybrid, solid-state drives and other devices and services which we believe will be critical to follow mobile compute environment. Capital expenditures for the March quarter were $221 million, representing approximately 6% of revenue. We continue to target capital expenditures at 6% to 8% of revenue. On a year-to-date basis, approximately 4% of revenue has gone towards maintenance of our existing operations while 2% of revenue has gone towards improving our global R&D footprint. The HDD industry continues evidence a lack of consistent visibility from our customers across most of our markets. As a result, we continue to plan cautiously which we believe will effectively position us to continue to optimize our financial and business performance. For the June quarter, we expect the unit demand environment that is flat to slightly down, sequentially. Revenue of approximately $3.3 billion to $3.45 billion, non-GAAP gross margins consistent with our performance over the last two quarters, non-GAAP operating expenses to remain relatively flat and lastly remaining on track to return of these 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders in fiscal 2013. Looking ahead, we believe the next few years the storage industry will present new and significant opportunities for Seagate. For calendar 2013, the growth trajectory of data-driven in part by cloud of mobile applications has our industry on pace to close to 500 exabytes of storage and is advancing at a rate which is more than two times greater than expected areal density growth rate. As a result, continued investment and heads in this technology and the continued absorption of capacity will be required to meet storage demand in all of our product segments. This trend in part supports the overall gross margin target of 27% to 32% that we have discussed previously. As an example, in the June 2011 quarter, which was before any market share shifts attributable to the flood or industry consolidation, Seagate produced 150 million heads with an average capacity of 180 gigabytes per head against the total industry TAM of 180 million HDD units. In the March 2013 quarter against the total industry TAM of 135 million HDD units, Seagate also produced 150 heads. However, these heads had an average capacity of 280 gigabytes per head. The growth in mobile computing and more affordable secure and available cloud information infrastructure is driving the need for storage across a wide and these are the key areas where we are investing in our R&D efforts and aligning our technology portfolio. In the mobile space, full featured devices capable of sharing and displaying content rich data have already grown to hundreds of millions of units. IBM recently estimated that there is approximately five petabytes of mobile data created each day from phones and tablets and from other machine learning exchanges. We believe that with the number of connected people, availability of rich content and increasing bandwidth, mass storage will continue to expand across a variety of devices in the PC plus environment. In the client space, while PC unit demand has flattened over the last several quarters, the demand for heads in disk and average capacity per drive continues to increase. Some of the innovative products we have introduced this year that have been well-received by leading OEMs include our 7 millimeter, 500 gigabytes for ultra mobile devices and two terabytes desktop hybrid products. We began shipping our third generation of solid-state hybrid drives in the March quarter and we have additional performance-based and high-capacity client products on our roadmap for this year. In the branded space, we personal files, wireless access and SSD performance based products are catalyst for continued growth and our acquisition of Lacie is proving to be a successful investment for our consumer and small business technology offerings. In the enterprise business, the expansion of cloud infrastructure and cloud applications requires high-capacity, high quality products. We will continue to provide a portfolio of enterprise products that meet the needs of the cloud environment including hard disk drives, solid state drives, hybrid drives and a complete line of flash-based PCI solutions through our OEM and distribution partners through our strategic investments. In summary, Seagate is optimistic about our storage technology roadmaps as it relates to current technology implementations as well as the advancing mobile, cloud and open source environments. We look forward to updating you in more detail at our Strategic Forum in September. Aisha, we are now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Murray. Please proceed.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Congratulations on a solid quarter and thanks for taking the question. I guess, Stephen, the first question is around ASPs. Can you just walk through the dynamics that led to the flat pricing for the quarter. It feels like it was, like you said, the benign, like-for-like, and then some mix but just the specifics would be helpful. Then I have, it seems like you are guiding down 3% blended for the June quarter. If you could just walk through those dynamics as well. Then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Stephen Luczo: So, on the pricing, like you said, is benign. We haven’t gotten into any specifics of what that is but it was below historical rates and that’s what we expect to be the operating model going forward as long as supply demand stays relatively in check. The mix was a positive element for the quarter. The business-critical near line drives clearly, forward growth segment for us and that helped the mix. But, all-in-all, it played out as much. Now, for the next quarter, we have a still benign pricing. We don’t have excessive pricing there by any stretch of imagination. It is a very benign but the mix is probably somewhat offset due to seasonality.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray: Got it.
Stephen Luczo: In the notebook space, we definitely felt that there was opportunity and the need to increase pricing marginally and we did do that and that pricing has held so far.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray: Got it. Thanks a lot. And, Steve, how should we think about the new pricing this quarter, next quarter manifesting itself on the margin. I guess, longer term you gave guidance for the June quarter obviously on the margin, because we think about sort of what might allow the margins to move up into the upper half or towards the middle of the longer term gross margin guidance range whether that you sort of envisioned that they get it there over time. Thanks.
Stephen Luczo: Okay. A couple of things, I think one is as you TAM expansion in the back half of the year. From a capacity perspective, the industry is kind of bumping up against its limit. I'll turn it over to Dave Mosley in a second to talk on that, but if we do have TAM growth that I think is actually more related to macroeconomic conditions and also I think to some of the new product offerings by the OEMs and the client. We are pretty excited about some of the things that we see in the notebook space, for example. Then I think, the other big trend is just a shift to the cloud. If the cloud continues to build out and it's our belief that we are going to see a fairly dramatic acceleration in that exiting this year and going into the next calendar year, given the number of heads in this that get absorbed into that product area, I think there is going to be some pretty tight supply situations in the back half of the year and we have already been signaling to our customers that the current pricing to me even look favorable relative to the last half of the year, because I think we could start seeing some constraints in near line even exiting this quarter. I'll let Dave talk to some of the math behind.
Dave Mosley: Yes. To the comments that Steve made earlier, the industry is relatively constrained, say roughly 500 exabytes of capacity and you will put capital online sparingly as we talked about earlier, but the growth of the cloud primarily continues to drive a lot of capacity into the industry and so as we see that we talked about the areal density growth, our ability to deliver that capacity relative to the sheer capacity growth. I think those are the two vectors that the demerging. And as we look to invest in the future I think we make sure we see the requisite and return on capital that, but trend definitely old that areal density is not growing nearly the rate as the capacity growth is and that's ultimately [constraint].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. You may proceed.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Hi. Thank you. First question, I want to talk about capital deployment I guess. with the near-term piece of debt taken out. You saw I guess a pause on the buyback this year and that maybe just as important that share count target for the end of calendar year 2014 still possible in your view with the appreciation in the share price? Thanks.
Dave Mosley: Yes. On 2014, we are certainly still committed to that even with share price…
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Then your near-term thoughts on capital deployment?
Dave Mosley: Continued dividend as stated and buyback shares within the limitations that we have today on that would change for any reason, we certainly modify that, but as Steve and I commented, we are still good for the 2014 to 250 million shares.
Joe Wittine - Longbow Research: Thanks. Then, Steve, in your prepared comments, you talked about being seldom growth in you form factors in the second half of the year. Intel recently said they think of 30% the client PC environment could be these new form factors ultra, fans, convertible, detachable, just curious from your point of view how many of those products do you think will be carrying or will be initiated with HDDs or hybrid HDD? Thanks. I think over time the penetration is going to be pretty high. I mean, it's kind of funny watching the tablet evolution. Reminds me of the netbook Dell evolution and certainly it's just that the tablets started with really great screens and no keyboards. Now they have keyboards and you can take them apart and I think shortly, where you are going to see tablets with HDDs in them as well and all of sudden what it was going to look like again going to look a lot like a notebook. So, I think it's just really a question between the breakdown overall of what's a super thin notebook, what's a slightly bigger notebook, what's a higher performance notebook. Some of them with detachable keyboards, some of them not. Some of them with flash and some of them with HDD. If you take up the super mobiles, we think the tablets today, I obviously believe that penetration rates is probably go into the 30% to 40% range because if you can deliver 500 gigabytes of storage with the same performance that you get of off flash for all those people that want to watch something through those pretty pieces of glass, you can at least store it somewhere. But I think it’s a ramp that begins hopefully sometime this year and then continues to accelerate.
Rocky Pimentel: I think with that, Stephen and Dave talk about some of our emerging form factor and product solutions on the clients' side over the second half of the year and you look at the total TAM between classic PC desktop and the tablet, you have got 80 million to 85 million units a quarter on the classic PC notebook desktop side and then you have another 40 million to 45 million tablets, you have a total market of like 130 million to 140 million devices. I think based on the product platforms, we will see over the next six to months usually serviceable simple market is probably is north of 100 million units which is a positive because we have been dealing with a serviceable market that’s been 80 million units. So it certainly has to be proven but I think we are optimistic about the opportunity to extend or expand the service that’s obtained on the clients' side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Kugele with Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company: Well done on the quarter. So just a few questions. I guess first that comes to the five millimeter rollout. I know you showed us last September at the analyst event but can you just update us on your timing on that side for both the standard version and the hybrid?
Rocky Pimentel: The marketing people really hate it when I do product announcements on earnings call. That being said, as you point out we show that we were up to back in September, we continued along with a great deal of positive momentum on our product offering. I expected that you will see something in the not too distant future about our product positioning and what the engagement has been like at the customer level.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company: Do you get the sense that the OEMs are leaning more towards the five millimeter versus the seven millimeter? Is there going to be a learning curve before they are willing to adapt their designs to that or take more advantage of that form factor?
Rocky Pimentel: No, I think right now they are for different devices like we were just saying in the prior question. Five millimeter, to me, ultimately at least initially is, it could go into thin and light as seven millimeter could go into a thin and light and especially if you are just doing a new seven millimeter, you have a lot of capacity opportunities. I think that’s the bigger play for hybrid as well basically. Five millimeter, I think, initially is probably going to be targeted more towards, we think it is a tablet market today and there, whether or not you need a flash based device or not is a function of algorithms in hybrid. Seagate's fairly well advanced in our hybrid algorithm. So we have the capacity to leverage off of the flash in the system but I think ultimately again, as I think of what that product path looks like a couple or three years out. It just really going to be a function of capacity. There is no scenario that we think off that says get two disk in the five millimeter. So you are going to limit yourself to 500 gigs or 750 or whatever the point after that was for seven millimeter and of course you are going to have to accept that and there will be plenty of need for that amount of storage on portable computing devices. So I think they are separate markets and they both are going to be picked by (inaudible).
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful and then in terms of your ability to take cost down, can you just update us on where you are in the areal density transition for the one terabytes per platter and then any comments on the Chinese regulatory bodies approval on fully integrating the last bits of Samsung?
Rocky Pimentel: Steve, you want to talk about transition?
Stephen Luczo: Yes, relative to areal density transition one terabyte a platter, We still have some of the 500 gigabyte per platter technology around but its more of a convenience thing for us. I think we could transition if we wanted to. So I consider that transition complete. Certainly, one, two, three terabytes and on up, that’s all on that new product family.
Stephen Luczo: On the [comp] situation, we continue work with the regulatory agency. They are in, as we said before, we do it as constructed relationship and we don't have any current thinking about when that relationship is going to it's personal direction, but we think it's been a positive relationship as we (Inaudible).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Nolan with Robert Baird. You may proceed.
Jason Nolan - Robert Baird: Great. Thank you. Steve your comment on visibility not being very good broadly is understood wondering if the cloud storage part of your market provides better visibility given your comment on constraints in the potential constraint in the back half of the year.
Stephen Luczo: That's really some interesting question. It does, but I think the lack of visibility overall is, in my mind, fairly just a function, what I will call macroeconomic conditions. I think maybe more exclusively deficit related issues that there's still as hesitancy I think certainly among multinationals they kind of extend too far off, so some of the structural issues around spending are understood a little better. That being said, inside of the cloud build out area, I actually think the lack of visibility is one where what we are seeing is probably going to be below what really gets rolled out. There's been kind of a bit of an uptick in the cloud build outs and build out have been consistently growing for a while, but it is certainly our sense from engaging with either our OEM customers or directly to the companies that are doing the cloud build outs directly that we maybe within 12 months of some your step function changes that build out has guys for the company starts go global and their footprint, starts recognizing some of the issues around bandwidth as well as some of the issues around in-country storage requirement. So, the kind of the scalable of that infrastructure I think is potentially going to be bigger than what maybe people thought just six months ago.
Jason Nolan - Robert Baird: It seems like we would see blended ASP start to mix shift upwards at some point.
Stephen Luczo: Yes. That's just, but to Dave's point it also probably have those products mispriced right now, because the capacity issues around it from heads in disk absorption as well as other factors such in the past are dramatically different. That's just a different economics for us, so we are watching it closely.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore Partners. You may proceed.
Rob Cihra - Evercore Partners: Hi. Great. Thank you much. Two questions if I could. One, just one, I guess, it's an [question], but lot of people think always wonder what the TAM being 136 in the quarter versus PCs that were down and recognizing I know the drive market [PCs] in the back half of last year. Just how comfortable you are in terms of inventories out there both in terms of channel and OEMs given the fact that at least mathematically more drive shipped and then or at least drives or flash and PCs down and then I guess following on that any ability or I know you say visibility is bad and it is, but if you look in December quarter WD talked about maybe first take at 140 tight TAM is that you something you think is reasonable at this stage? Thanks.
Stephen Luczo: I think the first question is interesting. Obviously just our hard drives will not, but the desktop 3.5-inch drive doing the tune up and currently just don't go. They don't just go into PC. There's other lots of devices that they go into including data devices and one thing I think that we have seen from our market research is that you with the increase of tablets and smart phones, if you will, the attach rate of data devices has gone up pretty dramatically in some market segments increased from like 20% attach rates to 50% attach rate, so part of it may be that. But with respect to the question, we don't see any issues in inventory and whether or not that's what we can see inside the hubs, or clearly in the channel, channel inventory has been really flat for last several quarters actually certain measure probably got lower in the March quarter and we manage our hub inventory really closely. Again, I am a little suspect of the data, Rob, in terms of when people cite, PC shipments being down. Are they talking about individual companies or what ODMs are saying because it is also shipped between what the PC manufacturers are doing in terms the mix of internal builds versus ODM builds. You could see it could be said it’s the ODM level but that’s doesn’t necessarily a one-for-one relationship to what the PC industry is shipping. So I think there is more work to be done by everyone in terms of this kind of disconnect and we are certainly working with all the industry analysts and trying to resolve it but we certainly don’t see any inventory buildups. In terms of back half of the year, again, I think it is, to mo, it is going to be more influenced probably by macroeconomic issues but the macro situations stays the same where it gets better, they yes, I do think the back half of the year shows that we are going to rollout today. 140 isn't a whole lot higher than 137 so I might saying numbers slightly above that but we just have to wait and see what happens. The industry is well geared right now to operate very efficiently between 130 million and 150 million units by just targeting the low-end and chasing the upside. That’s the smart thing for the industry to do. So I am not worried about it breaking out away from us other than to Dave's point that if it breaks above probably 150 million or 155 million units and there is a mix shift, the industry is going to tapped out of exabyte capacity and there is no way to address that in short-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel. You may proceed.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for taking the questions. First question. Just going and looking at the enterprise piece of your business and the industry in total. By my calculations the industry grew shipments by about 7%. Clearly we have seen some weak data points out of some of the OEMs. So I guess, my question is how do we look at that data and triangulate that relative to what you are seeing from the cloud and maybe you can give us a contribution from what you are seeing directly from those type of data centers at that point and help us understand that up 7% relative to some of the other demand data points we have seen?
Rocky Pimentel: Again, I don’t know what other demand data points you are referencing exactly but if you are asking me, do we see demand increases from cloud service providers? The answer is, of course. One will know architectural features that the cloud service providers are pursuing are architectures that allow them to buy drives directly and put their own software on top of that as opposed to buying that software stack from someone else. So we believe that’s the beginning of a trend that’s probably going to sustain for many, many years.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Any idea of contribution or share position that you have in that environment today?
Dave Mosley: In the cloud environment?
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes.
Dave Mosley: We feel that we are, overall, at least equal to what the standard enterprise share is against our competition and in some cases in a preferred position.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Then the final question for me, as we look at your capital return strategy and we look at free cash flow generation, how should we think about the model progressing, in that context of how we should think about annualized free cash flow generation?
Stephen Luczo: So, on the capital returns, obviously, we have a dividend payment in place and we are certainly committed to that. So that will be part of the return to shareholders, now and in the future. Of course , the one item we said to go on a 250 million shares, you could model that anyway you want. It is going to be somewhat lumpy as we go through some of our (inaudible) issues but we are committed to the deployment of that capital. So you can certainly put those two numbers in and see the level of cash that is going to be returned to shareholders and then clearly our business could support that level. So you are back in that way.
Pat O'Malley: If your question is, when do we see a shift in CapEx as of relative to the return capital, the answer is, not until the bathtub is full which I don’t think happens till the end of this year. Then we will slowly address the capital needs that we see in the marketplace as we confirm. We are not going to be needing the capital, yet in this uncertain environment.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess, what I am asking is, you are doing about $1.8 billion of annualized free cash flow in this most recent quarter, is that the right level to think about or do we go higher? The driver is high of that?
Dave Mosley: Slightly higher than that. Certainly, as Steve said as business evolves you get some TAM upside and we think this is going to more and more, we certainly believe our cash flow should be at least that and grow.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks. Pat, I just wanted to round out the guidance a little bit. Steve, you gave us a lot of detail, but just thinking about interest expense. I know you bought back some debt this quarter. How should we model interest expense in terms of the tax rate? You guys have a pretty wide range 3% to 10%, I think what you talked about in the past that you haven't really been. You've been below that. How should we think about taxes and what type of share count are you thinking about for June?
Patrick Connolly: Sure. On the interest, you just take the $5 billion out of that. It's a simple number. Just take that some level as you are taking that down, but it's going to be relative to all big numbers are going to be still relatively flat there's just a tranche of that was a smaller tranche of that, but was significant tranche on getting the security out. So, that's all I do there. Tax rate, it is variable somewhat. I [stock] use $15 million to $20 million as opposed to tax rate crazy tranche and tax rate I think that's fair, and I would use the share count where we had this quarter and relatively flat for next quarter given what level share we will be buying.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: So, just to clarify on interest expense or you can take $5 million out of interest expense sequentially?
Patrick Connolly: Yes. Let's take around that level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nehal Chokshi with Technology Insights Research. Please proceed.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Yes. Thanks. I would like to get two questions. One is with the gross margin. Looks like you had a positive mix shift in terms of enterprise non-compute versus client. Your June was flat also flat [q-on-q]. I know that the volume was down 4% q-on-q, so the question is purely volume that drove the effective higher cost per drive up q-over-q or is there something else going on there?
Patrick Connolly: It's much more than mix driven than anything else. The cost structure, whether from input cost to the factory end delivery was relatively flat and somewhat better, so it was primarily driven through the mix.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Okay. And staying on a sequential theme here, mission-critical consumer electronics and branded hard drives they all seem to have trended above seasonal, so can you discuss what we were drivers of Seagate's above seasonal performance there? Was that industry or was it Seagate-specific. And importantly, do you see those drivers being stable?
Patrick Connolly: Yes. I think on the mission-critical or on the enterprise class drives, there was again some unique advantage that we had in product that we took advantage of and then on the [CE] it was strong in winning more market share at some of the CE customers that we underserved in the last several quarters et cetera. So, I think those were probably the two key changes in and what you in those lines of product.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research: Okay. Thank.
Stephen Luczo: Aisha, we'll take one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal. Please proceed.
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Yes. Thank you. Number one, why was there such a disparity on the client side between yourselves and WD this quarter in particular, desktop WD had 54% sequential growth and yours was down I think 11, and then my follow-up is on the TAM, but I wanted to kind of go through that as why was there such a disparity and what do you think that portends if anything?
Stephen Luczo: I guess I am not sure what data you are assigning right now.
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Just on the client side sequentially, sorry.
Stephen Luczo: What are you trying to find?
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Well, we'll just focus on the desktop if we could.
Stephen Luczo: I would say it's as much price positioning, Keith. I mean, we went in there as stated in my comments, we are fairly benign on the pr and certain capacity points we are just not willing to move to market. So that’s clearly one aspect of it. I do not think it necessarily has anything to do with the portfolio or attribute anything to our position going forward but probably the largest driver of that was price position both in the channel and in the OEMs.
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Okay, let's shift to the TAM. Steve, you mentioned, let's just say, for argument's sake, the TAMs caught 145 in the September and perhaps even December quarter. How are you thinking about the contribution within those numbers if they turn out that way both from hybrid and/or all of the media in the tablets? Is there much contribution in the back half of the year from those type of products as we look out?
Stephen Luczo: On an absolute basis, there will be some decent growth on hybrid but as a percentage of what we ship it will still be pretty small. I would say, in terms of tablet, you could go from zero to hundreds of thousands or maybe a bigger number by the end of the year which is big numbers but obviously on a percentage basis, they are tiny. I think the more significant thing is that once the penetration starts then you decide what type of curve you wanted to draw if you are at least getting into a marketplace that, I have been told that moment we weren’t participating and that’s what we are more excited about.
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Steve, if you look at just 2.5 inch drives, would hybrids in December quarter make up 5% of that that notebook shipment or 10% of the 2.5 inch category?
Stephen Luczo: I think you have to look at the notebook systems today how many of them are flash based. The umber is, flash based notebooks are 10% or less.
Keith Bachman Bank - Montreal: Yes, its less than 10%
Stephen Luczo: So if you are saying could we be half of that, what 5% would be good.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I will now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Stephen Luczo: Good, great and well, just on behalf of the management team and I want to thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen J. Luczo – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick O’Malley – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Albert “Rocky” Pimentel – Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Dave Mosley – Executive Vice President, Operations Bob Whitmore – Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Ken Massaroni – Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Rob Cihra – Evercore Partners Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities Shebly Seyrafi – FBN Securities Steven Fox – Cross Research Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Meredith Dunne – Wells Fargo Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co., LLC Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc. Jung Pak - BMO Capital Markets Eric Sterling – Barclays Capital Inc. Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Scott Craig – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to today’s call. Joining me today in Cupertino are Seagate’s CEO, Steve Luczo; CFO, Pat O’Malley; and EVP of Sales and Marketing, Rocky Pimentel. On the line we also have EVP of Operations; Dave Mosley; CTO, Bob Whitmore; and EVP and General Counsel, Ken Massaroni. We have posted our press release and detail supplemental information about our fiscal second quarter 2013 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today’s call, we will review the highlights from the December quarter and provide the Company’s outlook for the March quarter. After that, we will open up the call to questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the Company’s historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the March quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors may be beyond the Company’s control and may pose a risk to the Company’s operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2012 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on October 31, 2012. These forward-looking statements should be relied upon as representing the Company’s view as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Seagate’s second quarter results reflect strong operational performance as we continue to manage through a challenging demand environment. For the December quarter, we achieved revenues of $3.7 billion, non-GAAP net income of $525 million, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.38. We generated $844 million in operating cash flow and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through share redemptions and dividends. In December, we raised our quarterly dividend 19%, and in the first half of fiscal 2013, Seagate has returned over 95% of operating cash flow and over 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. Our business environment continues to be impacted by a wide range of macroeconomic, spending and demand challenges. Industry shipments declined 3% sequentially in the December quarter to approximately 135 million units. This decline was primarily driven by the notebook market as all other segments demonstrated quarter-over-quarter growth. The overall industry demand environment was slightly lower than what we had expected. By executing effectively in response to in quarter upsides from our customers, our market share grew to near the higher end of our market share expectations. We effectively balance supply and demand with finished goods inventory levels decreasing over 10% from the prior quarter. For the December quarter, we shipped over 47 exabytes of storage with an average of approximately 823 gigabytes per drive. This reflects a 59% year-over-year exabyte growth, which is well over twice the current rate of areal density growth. Gross margins for the December quarter were 27.6% within both our expectations and our long-term margin range target. The pricing environment and the benefit we’ve received from cost improvements from product transitions were also within the expected ranges for the quarter. Product mix improved slightly in the quarter. Operating expenses in the December quarter were $437 million, including a $21 million benefit from legal costs reimbursements. We are focused on effectively aligning our operating expense to support a broader product portfolio of storage devices, including hybrid and solid state drives, software, other devices, and services. We believe these additional investments will support our continued leadership in the storage market and effectively align us with the rapid advancements in mobility, cloud, and open source initiatives. We also continue to make strategic investments that position us for the future success in new storage applications. As an example, today we announced the strategic relationship with Virident Systems Inc., a performance leader in flash-based storage-class memory solutions. The company’s plan to jointly deliver solutions for the fast growing PCIe storage market and most immediately, we will offer a complete line of flash-based PCIe solutions to our OEM and distribution partners, powered by Virident. Longer term, we plan to jointly create next generation hardware and software solutions for the solid state storage market. We also made an strategic equity investment in Virident. Virident products are highly regarded for their industry leading performance, reliability and capacity. This is another example that accelerates our strategy to offer our customers a complete line of solid state products across all markets. Now I’ll provide our view for the March quarter and some context related to our outlook. Based on current planning indications from a broad base of customers and our assessment of the global macro economic conditions, we are continuing to manage our business cautiously. While customer demand visibility remains challenging, we expect the industry to continue to balance supply effectively and maintain relatively stable pricing. For the March quarter, unit shipments in the first few weeks of the month of January have been linear and have trended higher than the beginning of the December quarter. Our outlook reflects an addressable market that is flat to down sequentially, and we are currently forecasting March quarter revenues of approximately $3.25 billion to $3.45 billion. We continue to focus on the quality of our business versus absolute unit shipments. And at the low end of our revenue guidance, we have a conservative view of in quarter upsides. We expect to maintain gross margins at the lower end of our long term range of 27% to 32%. Seagate remains focus on sustaining profitability in the current demand environment and investing to continue to be a storage leader. We are targeting non-GAAP operating expenses to be relatively flat sequentially, which should then directionally decline in the June quarter. As we’ve said over the last few quarters, Seagate is maintaining capital expenditures to meet narrow term demand signals as opposed to deploying capital and anticipation of our recovery of demand. The vast majority of our capital expenditures continue to be used for maintaining our existing operations and our current technology transitions. We expect to maintain capital spending at or below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In light of the gap between areal density growth and petabyte growth and the resultant upward pressure this puts on average capacity per drive shipped. We believe that this approach to capital provide support for our long-term gross margin expectations. Delivering value to our shareholders continues be an important objective with Seagate. Through the share redemptions we have made this fiscal year and through our quarterly dividends, we are on track to return approximately 70% of operating cash flow and 100% of free cash flow to shareholders in fiscal 2013. The next few years in the storage industry will present new and significant opportunities for Seagate. Data consumption and creation, along with the increase of global internet connectivity continue to drive petabyte growth at rates that are significantly greater than the areal density growth rate. At the same time, open source software, cloud infrastructure and architectures, and mobility are fundamentally reducing the overall cost of computing and extending its deployment. In addition, the new touch-enabled thin and light systems, along with Win 8 should be increasingly compelling in the client market. These dynamics should provide significant benefits for Seagate and the storage device industry. As such, we remain optimistic about the second half of calendar 2013 and beyond. Keith, we’re now ready to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) And your first question is from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Rob Cihra – Evercore Partners: Hi. Thanks very much. I was just wondering with the enterprise was clearly better than expected in the quarter versus when you went into the quarter, and I know we are going through inventory correction that really hit in the September quarter. Did you think that the upside particularly in near line was reflecting better end demand or was it really just a timing we’re coming out of a inventory correction and we’re just sort of correcting a little better and quicker than we thought, or do you think, I guess end demand was stronger than expected? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think demand continues to increase in the near line space. I mean that’s where the vast majority of the companies that are providing cloud infrastructure, purchase those types of devices, so as the cloud deployments continue, that market continues to grow. And I think in Seagate case, we did execute well in terms of in quarter upside there as well.
Rob Cihra – Evercore Partners: Okay. And then if I get a follow-up i'm not sure if I do, but I will ask one, may be I’m curious with LTAs as a run through here into that beginning of calendar 2013, any expectation that they impact your pricing or market share, or do you think they really don’t have as much impact as maybe people think, or do you think they do? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: I know I do what people think, but the LTAs again provided favorable pricing to the OEMs in the supply-constrained environment, substantially lower priced in the spot market would have provided at the time. And it was to align the longer-term purchase requirements of those customers with our supply situation. A number of those agreements have been extended. Others originally extended beyond this calendar year, last calendar year and this calendar year. So I don’t see any big changes as a result of the constant evolution of the LTA agreements.
Rob Cihra – Evercore Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The question is on the TAM, if I compare the peak industry TAM about four or five quarters back, and with this quarter or the guided quarter for the March, it seem the industry and Seagate is operating less than 80% utilization. So I would like any comments thoughts about right sizing the capacity?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think our businesses isn’t as simple as just taken the TAM and the number of units. So you have to take into consideration the nature of the devices so to split between client and enterprise and then the capacity per drive. So with average capacity per drive increasing the way it is, that’s absorbing head and disks, which is a very good thing for a vertically integrated drive company. And with average capacity per drive continue to increase, that also absorbs test capital. So our most expensive capital deployments are in heads and disks and test, and our most expensive R&D is in heads and disks. So as we continue to drive more heads and disks per platform, it’s actually not a terrible situation in terms of being a flat TAM or slightly eroding TAM. That being said, clearly TAM growth would be a good thing in terms of a final assembly, but with the average capacity per drive right now, our factories are running at levels obviously it allow us to maintain these margins, and we are not considering any sort of reduction in sale just because our longer-term outlook obviously is different than what the situation looks like today is. As you know, we believe that by the end of the decade there is going to be a significant demand for petabyte shift and that will evidence itself in unit growth, as well as average capacity per drive, so we don’t want to take capital a lot right now.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, thanks. Just the last question on the Virident acquisition, a very interesting acquisition there, could you maybe talk about the Virident’s current customers and kind of any of the traction where you would see in the market?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah, it was an investment.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Yes, sorry, yeah, I misspoke.
Stephen J. Luczo: And I’ll let Rocky talk to the details of it. I’ll just provide a brief little overview that is consistent with how we approach the emerging solid state market, which is developing nicely. And we believe that we have to participate in a variety of segments that we feel very good about our position. On the enterprise SaaS side with our partnership with Samsung, the PCIe space is clearly an attractive one. And we feel this partnership is going to allow us to address the needs of our OEM and distribution customers, and then we are doing things on the clients’ space that we have talked in prior calls.
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Yeah, I mean I think Steve just covered it. It’s really another step in completing the platform for solid state storage that Seagate wants to offer alongside of its traditional magnetic core storage side. I think we’re pretty excited about this engagement with Virident, not only to we have a strong go-to-market initiative, but also strong development initiative forward. And so as a result, we’ll have a stack of SSD solid state solutions that span from the client all the way through to the flash server, high application, data demands of the massively scale data center.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shebly Seyrafi with FBN Securities. Please go ahead.
Shebly Seyrafi – FBN Securities: Very much. So it looks like your guiding down – revenue down 9% sequentially and that’s worse than what I have in Western Digital down 3% sequentially. Maybe you can talk about why you think you’re going to go down more, are you being more price aggressive than them? And also relates to this on the gross margin, do you expect to get a mix benefit in the March quarter, you had one in December just now, and with the lower revenue and perhaps no mix benefit, is there a possibility that it goes below your target of 27%?
Stephen J. Luczo: I’m sorry, what was the last part of that?
Shebly Seyrafi – FBN Securities: The possibility of the gross margin goes below the 27%, what was your target range?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think we already indicated what we thought our gross margin is going to be, so I’m not going to repeat that. On the first one, I’m not sure what Western Digital’s revenue decline was. I thought at the midpoint it was closer to 6% not 2%. But and for us I’m not sure if you’re in the first part of the call where we indicated that we’re also at the near of the high end of our market share in the December quarter as a result of some really good in quarter execution to customer upsides. At the low end of our range, we haven’t modeled that type of performance again, we typically don’t model that. So I think that the outlook for the markets, we maybe a touch more conservative in TAM than our competitors and coming off of the higher market share. We may have some small market share loss if we don’t get the in quarter upside like we did. But in general, I think it’s a fairly consistent, okay.
Shebly Seyrafi – FBN Securities: Just a quick one on Virident, right, can you talk about the opportunities with Web 2.0 customers?
Albert "Rocky" Pimentel: Well, we definitely think are the huge opportunity with Web 2.0 customers. When you actually look at the index that we manage to of our direct cloud-based customers, that share the business or that portion of our business grew strong double digits quarter-over-quarter, and certainly the Virident product solution is a very pertinent solution for the hyper-scaled cloud providers.
Shebly Seyrafi – FBN Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just one question from me, Steve, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your average capacity per drive, the recent trends are up again from like about 832, I think you said in a release from 802. You exited like fiscal 2011 like less than 600. I’m just curious, can you talk about what’s different between the first for this fiscal year versus maybe in the first half of last fiscal year, and then how you see that progressing and what are the key drivers over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think if we go back further than that, Steven, I think of it kind over a four-year trend and the average capacity per drive is kind of gone from mid 20s to mid 30s to mid 40s to mid 50s. And whether or not it goes to mid 60s, I guess we can argue about. But even at these rates given where areal density is, it’s a good thing for the drive industry, because what we do is we ship petabytes, how we package them is probably the easiest thing that we’re faced with, driving areal density and then of course managing our capital deployment and matching up with our customer needs architecturally is where a lot of our work goes. So I don’t see it slowing down. I just think if the – know if the silicon folks can keep on track in terms of reducing the cost of silicon and the software people can continue to develop nice portable easy open code, then we’re going to see device proliferation in the client side, especially in the mobile space continue to grow and hopefully we go from 1.7 billion people connected to 2.7 billion connected and sharing all sorts of rich content which is what we hear about. We do believe that to give people the user experience that they probably deserve at the edge, there is an opportunity for HDDs to play a greater role in some of the mobile devices and we’re pursuing those discussions but clearly the backend infrastructure to support that type of data growth is a big opportunity for us. I don’t see it slowing down if anything I see it accelerating.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: And do you see…
Stephen J. Luczo: If you go to high frame rate video, you go to 4K video, I mean these imply, movies today in HD are 20 to 30 gigabytes and 4K that’s just average frame rates is 100 to 200 gigabytes. So it just gives you a feel for the challenges we have gone for to provide storage people are going to need.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: So all that applies and given some of your previous comments that you are thinking at both the enterprise and clients side can grow capacities at a similar rate going forward, or is it a one that’s going to grow faster?
Stephen J. Luczo: Depends on the application, enterprise has to be split, I think, in the mission critical enterprise versus maybe call service provider or content. If you are in an archiving mode, then clearly we believe that there are architectures we can deploy that drive capacity per drive. But if you are in the pure mission critical, you have a performance constraint that always has to be bought about. So it just depends on the application.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolas. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question guys; one on gross margin and a follow-up on the Virident acquisition. First on the gross margin line, can you just clarify how much benefit you got back from the Brazil situation last quarter? And then also as you think about people looking at these models on a capacity shift versus a unit TAM assumption, can you provide us an update on where you stand with regard to the industry supplying enough media as you expect obviously there is possibly to accelerate in terms of capacity per drive?
Stephen J. Luczo: I’ll take the first one, Aaron. On the first one…
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Aaron, this is “Rocky” Pimentel. Let’s clarify, you said acquisition, we made an strategic investment in Virident.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Fair enough, sorry. And I’ll ask on that little bit.
Stephen J. Luczo: So on the Brazil issue, however, last quarter we said – at least half of the impact in that was even less than that this quarter, so it was measurable but not any frame that we were about. We’ve put a plan in place to correctly resolve some of our provision in inventory and I think that’s working well. So we think we largely taken care of that issue.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Okay. And then on the media in terms of continued increase and capacity per drive?
Stephen J. Luczo: Dave Mosley is on the call. I’ll let Dave talk to that.
Dave Mosley: So just real quick, I think with the TAM being down here, we are putting more disks into each drive, but I think the industry is probably okay for the next couple of years depending on how you view the overall growth of petabytes and the box count. But after say 2015, there could be significant challenges if we could continue on the rates that Steve just illustrated. So that’s the way I’d answer that.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Okay. And then on Virident maybe you could help me, if you compare and contrast maybe this illusion relative to the primary competitor of the market being Fusionio, either from an architectural perspective and also on a cost per gigabit perspective if you can?
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Yes, so one of the, Aaron, this is Rocky Pimentel again. Obviously – they actually have benchmarks that you can refer to on their website, but based on the benchmark, the external third-party benchmarking they’ve done with their product against other leaders in “the category out there”, they demonstrate the ability to exceed many of the key specs like IOPS et cetera against the incumbent competition out there. And I think secondly, another thing that we can bring to our relationship is the ability to drive their cost structure down from a product standpoint, given our scale and our involvement and other areas of solid state storage.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Okay. No quantification on cost per gig right now though?
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: No.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meredith Dunne with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Meredith Dunne – Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks. Someone in the industry have talked about hybrids accounting for about 0.5 of the 2.5-inch notebook drives for 2015. Just curious what your expectations are for that and whether there are any shifting capacity or utilization effects to think about in the market transition that could impact gross margins? And I have a follow-up as well, please.
Stephen J. Luczo: Sorry, I got the first part of that question. What’s the second part of the question related to the first part or was that a second question?
Meredith Dunne – Wells Fargo: It was, it was related to the first part.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay, so while the first part is I think that those types of estimates are possible. And then what was the second part of it?
Meredith Dunne – Wells Fargo: It’s just in terms of – if that starts to ramp up and the HDD side starts to “ramp down” just in terms of any sort of shift in that market impacting your gross margins?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, no. Hardware isn’t HDD, it just also got flash in better than along with a bunch of software that makes that flash work well. So we don’t, from a manufacturing perspective, we don’t see that shift is being problematic because again its still lots of heads in this. And I think the trend up where we are at on single disk and two disk solutions is probably not necessarily influenced by hybrid. It’s really a performance play. I think it’s a big deal. I think because you kind of get the SSD – for example down at CES last month or whenever it was now, earlier this month hard to believe and just shocking the number of thin and light machines that are packed with expensive SSDs when you can use a hybrid drive for a lot less money with the same performance. I think as the industry has now become the line around the right chipset and the right performance measures, we are going to see a lot of thin and lights that roll out with hybrid, because you can pickup ten times the capacity of one-fifth the cost and that probably will help the notebook market, that’s probably more price sensitive than other market. So I think it’s a big transition ahead of us.
Meredith Dunne – Wells Fargo: And along those lines, can you just talk about the opportunities in the tablet market and I am referring primarily to the ARM based market that’s using flash today. May be if you could just talk about if and where discussions currently are? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. And I think it’s a big opportunity again. We indicated that we believe to deliver the user experience that you probably deserve as a mobile user. There is lots of reasons that you need more storage capacity in that device, not citing anyone’s product. We are just calling something a tablet. If you only have 16 or 32 gigs and you have to decide which three or four movies you are going to take with you seems kind of silly when you can take every movie your own for less cost and actually the same battery performance in the same (inaudible). So yeah, we think there is a big opportunity coming down the pipe for tablets as well and we are engaged on multiple fronts.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co., LLC: Hi, good afternoon guys. Thanks to taking the question. Steve, let me just ask one on pricing here. I believe that earlier comments you guys are looking for March quarter pricing to be more flattish blended, and I think if I just work in a point of the guidance it seems like down mid-single digits. Is that accurate and if so can you just sort of walk through the puts and takes maybe it’s a mix, talk about some of the mix issues, not issues but the mix situation in the December quarter that maybe them winding, just love to get your thoughts and I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think where we had some share gain in the December quarter was spread across all the markets, but probably a little heavier on the enterprise and on the newer line so that’s partially influencing the AUP discussion. So in general, the pricing that we’ve entered into was pretty much what we expected and pretty benign.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co., LLC: Got it. Thanks. And then I guess just to that end, the gross margins are still pretty solid in the March quarter. I guess even with – I’m just I’m sort of referring that maybe some of the market share gains in the enterprise, there’s some of the share get backs that you’re talking about the normalization and you still guiding to 27% gross margins in the March quarter. So not to get too far ahead, but can we infer that go and post the March quarter with sort of more of a normalized mix and you expect margins to still be pretty stable?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co., LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Nehal Chokshi with Technology Insights Research. Please go head.
Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research: Yeah, thanks. I calculate that your ASP for the December quarter was down Q-over-Q. So could you take and also you didn’t reflect all your segment numbers. So if you are not divulging your segment numbers, could you at least take us through which segments drove that and if you don’t mind, do you have older segment numbers?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, we don’t have segments, but Pat you can talk to what the AUP decline was, pretty minimal as I recall of the September quarter.
Patrick O’Malley: Yeah, AUP was managed mainly with mix. We had talked in the September out, it’s September call in October that the pricing was negotiated in the backdrop if they had access and so we were heavier on pricing than historically in the December quarter, but even with that they were able to stay in the target margin range and we highlight that we will be going with fairly benign pricing going forward and that’s been the case across the board.
Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research: Okay, thanks. And I’d also like to ask question about the Virident investment note that I got that right. But so as you guys hope to get this product out to market, do you expect this to be margin neutral, margin accretive or margin dilutive, because it sounds like this is more of a distribution relationship and that the technology relationship is to come?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah, the first phase is definitely a go-to-market phase. The next phase will be joint development on product. And our intention is to make it margin neutral to margin accretive overall.
Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research: What about initially?
Stephen J. Luczo: Initially it will be pretty minor amounts of money. By the time it becomes visible, it should be margin neutral and margin accretive.
Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research: Okay. Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: And just on your first question, we just – we just look the AUP, the AUP decline was only 3% quarter-to-quarter, so that was a lot less in the price erosion that we have talked about.
Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co.: All right, okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Cindy Shaw with Discern. Please go ahead.
Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc.: Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about LaCie, which you had for the first time in the fourth quarter, any impact for that on revenue and earnings as well as the SSD business sort of the non-traditional business. Is there any impact on revenue and earnings? And then I have a follow-up.
Bob Whitmore: LaCie is accretive to us. It’s been a good investment. We are in the process of still integrating that. But that’s been accretive and so as we would expect obviously that is some OpEx, but for what brings for breadth and depth on our portfolio is in expectations. And then your second part of the question?
Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc.: Yeah. I was also asking about SSDs and other sort of non-traditional contributions? Then I have a follow-up after that.
Stephen J. Luczo: No big changes from the prior quarter.
Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc.: Okay. And then the follow-up, the Cloud Builder Alliance, when will you be expecting to see revenue and really meaningful revenue out of that?
Stephen J. Luczo: Of what?
Bob Whitmore: Cloud Builder Alliance. We are in helping to engage the Cloud Builder Alliance. We are not going to get revenue from that. We are just engaging with them to help align the architectures and our products to contribute to that, so the second tier and direct builder architectures approach the market. But we are not going to get any direct revenue other than enabling the folks in that. We help enable the folks in that alliance to better tackle the market.
Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc.: And when do you think, can you measure really when or how that’s going to impact revenue or is it just too disconnected?
Patrick O’Malley: No, I mean I think over the course of the back half of this year, we are definitely going to be able to measure it as cloud overall is one of our key initiative. So we’ll be able to articulate the details of what that program is delivering. Like Pat said, it’s really a market creation engagement vehicle, it’s not a direct sales vehicle at this point.
Cindy Shaw – Discern, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jung Pak with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jung Pak – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks very much. The notebook market has been down for two consecutive quarters, what do you think inventory is with the OEMs in the channel for the notebook market? And what are your views for the notebook HDD shipments for the next quarter or two? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the inventories are better certainly over the last two quarters and probably closer to where the customers wanted me to have to ask the customers that. But I think from our perspective, no one is really confident on it, but our inventories are, so I don’t know what that is. Our inventories are quite low, running almost a $0.5 billion of inventory less than our competitors. So, we feel really good about our inventory balances, as far as we can tell that customers inventory balances are pretty well managed right now. And I think, the demand on the notebook side is really just a function of the new platforms gain traction, which is partially dependent on the touch-enabled technology and Win 8 deployment. So we’re kind of in a wait and see mode, but we’re optimistic that things improve from here, well enough that happens in the March quarter, the June quarter, September quarter, we’ll see. But I think we’re probably skipping along the bottom here and I also think as hybrid start showing up in these devices, it’s going to be a value add to the notebook market, because like I said you can get a lot more capacity in the same performance with a lot lower costs, so.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Sterling with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Eric Sterling – Barclays Capital Inc.: Hey, thank you. Given the limitations on the buybacks throughout 2013, can you discuss your plans for the dividend?
Stephen J. Luczo: Nothing different than what we’ve already said and disclosed on our file documents, something we continue to look at every quarter. We don’t really have a limitation on the buybacks. It’s just that if we buyback too much stock, we run into section 382 issue. So it’s just something you consider as we think about whether or not we want to pursue buybacks, but it’s not a direct limitation.
Eric Sterling – Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. I think that in December, you anniversaried one year on the Samsung acquisition. And if I remember correctly, there were some limitations on you combining the business with Samsung for at least a year. I was hoping you could give us an update on where you are with combining the business and do you expect to see any cost savings as we move through the year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, for us, we integrated pretty much most of the areas where there were cost savings on the R&D side and on the operating side. Our limitations were and/or really geared around the go-to-market side, sales, customer engagement, pricing. And you are right that the initial – on December 19 or 20 or 21, we had the right to ask the regulatory authorities to relapse those. We haven’t done that. We continue to have a positive and constructive dialogue with Matcom and other regulators in China, and we are going to continue those dialogues and when appropriate then we’ll seek release from the requirements.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you. I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question will be from the line of Scott Craig with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Scott Craig – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, good afternoon. Here is a couple of questions around OpEx, do you made it from a longer-term perspective. Is there a revenue target or timing or something we could think around when you would reach the OpEx target of sort of 8% to 10% of revenue? And then secondly, with regards to an earlier question on capacity if the PC market is a challenge to what some people think, and I believe their consensus is sort of where declined this year. How does that impact, what your capacity thoughts are for the back part of calendar 2013? Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah, I kind of answered the second question already. I mean we’re not going to – we manage our capacity more on our capital deployment as opposed to brick and mortar. As we look out to 2015, 2016 we believe that that this constant disconnect between petabyte growth rate and areal density growth rate is going to put extreme shortages in front of the drive industry at current capital deployment rate, so we don’t want to walk away from brick and mortar, it’s really how we manage the inside of the walls in the meantime. And that’s what we are doing very conservatively, so I don’t think it changes any of that. I don’t know that I agree with all the nay sayers anyhow I kind of like the term – what was the – what’s the normal term on PC, post-PC, but whatever it is. It’s really what the PC evolving to, and I think these convertible platforms that become tablets and notebooks and have onboard storage are very compelling, and I expect there will be resurgence in the client side of the market here in the not too distant future, but we’ll watch it. And in terms of the OpEx question, we just see big opportunities on the mobile side, I mean call the infrastructure side where there is a lot of device level technology, software technology, and even system level technology that really only a drive company can provide and we don’t want to miss the opportunity to investment in some of those fundamental technologies as these markets develop. So I think for the incremental dollars, it’s a prudent thing to do now, and then we’ll see where the revenue flows with it. But clearly, we think these are multibillion dollar opportunities when you take mobile and cloud and think about the evolution of computing. Over the next five to 10 years and so we want to position Seagate to participate not just as a device company, which will be our core, but some of the other opportunities that go along with it. So we’ll manage it prudently and hopefully start to show some revenue associated with it in the next year.
Scott Craig – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay. Thanks very much. And on behalf of management team, I want to thank our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and our shareholders for your support and commitment, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today’s call. Thank you very much for joining us. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Patrick J. O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance William David Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Albert A. Pimentel - Chief Sales & Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Marketing
Analysts: Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Cindy Shaw - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal First Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Good morning, and welcome to today's call. I'm joined today in Cupertino by Seagate CEO, Steve Luczo; CFO, Pat O'Malley; Dave Mosley, EVP of Operations; and Rocky Pimentel, EVP of Sales. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal first quarter 2013 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, Steve will review the highlights from the September quarter and provide the company's outlook for the December quarter. After that, we will open up the call to questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements, included, but not limited to, statements related to the company's historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the September quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors may be beyond the company's control and may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2012. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd first like to express our concern and sympathies to those that have been impacted by the storm on the East Coast and are enduring difficult times. I also want to thank all past and present Seagate employees, as well as local and central government officials in China, as we just celebrated the production of our 1 billionth drive from our China operations. We accomplished this remarkable feat in just 17 years, and we expect that the company will ship its 2 billionth disk drive this quarter. Congratulations to all involved. Seagate's first quarter results reflect strong operational performance as the company responded quickly to demand and product mix shifts in a challenging environment. We effectively adjusted production and maintained inventory turns in our target range and ended the quarter with inventory levels lower than the June quarter. For the September quarter, we achieved revenues of $3.7 billion, non-GAAP net income of $594 million and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.45. We maintained our commitment to returning value to shareholders with over 70% of the $1.1 billion in operating cash flow generated during the quarter, returned to shareholders through share redemptions and dividends. Over the last 3 quarters, Seagate's ordinary share count has been reduced by 17%, and dilution from options and equity awards has been reduced by 45%. As with most global technology companies, our financial performance is being impacted by a wide range of factors, including: sluggish macroeconomic growth in all major markets, as well as a slowdown in the BRIC economies; business-spending restraint related to the U.S. federal deficits and the upcoming fiscal cliff in the United States; supply chain and systems inventory adjustments by our major PC OEMs; weaker enterprise demand in Europe; adjustments to PC systems related to the Windows 8 release; changes in PC demand related to tablets; and lastly, the lack of significant product innovation in the notebook space. Due to these factors, the September quarter was more than seasonally back-end loaded, and the overall industry demand environment was approximately 10% lower than we had expected going into the quarter. Despite the reduced addressable market, we effectively balanced supply and demand, shipping approximately 43 exabytes of storage and maintaining market share. Our shipments into the client market declined 12% quarter-over-quarter, which is in line with unit declines reported by other technology companies in the PC space and slightly better than the decline reported in tablet sales. The enterprise market was weaker than we expected this quarter, down 26% sequentially. Despite the sequential reduction in the addressable market, on a year-over-year basis, Seagate grow unit shipments by 14% and increased average capacity per drive by 17% to 738 gigabytes. Non-GAAP product margins for the September quarter were 29%, which is at the midpoint of our long-term margin range of 27% to 32%, but was slightly below our expectations. The pricing environment and the benefit we received from cost improvements from product transitions were within the expected ranges for the quarter. However, sales volumes and mix from enterprise products were below expectations. In addition, margins on the sale of our products at Brazil were materially lower than we expected, impacting gross margins by approximately 100 basis points. As we discussed at our strategic update in New York a few weeks ago, as the hard drive industry has evolved and matured, it has improved its alignment of supply and demand, particularly in an environment such as the one we are in now, where demand is less than what the industry forecast and the industry and each company is capable of producing more drives than current demand requires. Seagate will continue to adjust in -- quickly adjust in-quarter production to align to the demand requirements we are experiencing. And we will manage our inventory aggressively, as evidenced in the September quarter. Further, we will reduce our capital expenditures and align our investments to meet near-term demand signals as opposed to deploying capital in anticipation of a recovery of demand. As a result, Seagate is in a better position to focus on effective supply and demand balances and financial model resiliency in both the near term, as well as with respect to long-term return on our research and development and capital investments. Looking ahead, we are approaching the December quarter conservatively based on current planning indications from a broad base of customers and on our current assessment of the following issues I previously outlined. In general, we remain concerned with global macroeconomic conditions. While we do see some signs of China stabilizing, we do not anticipate significant improvements to the current growth rates in China until late spring 2013. In the United States, it is uncertain that the fiscal cliff will be avoided. Regardless, large federal, state and local budget deficits will continue to weigh on growth prospects. We expect continued economic weakness in Europe. In addition to these economic concerns, we remain cautious in OEM demand as many customers are still working through client systems inventory balances. We expect enterprise demand to remain weak, particularly due to the enterprise markets' exposure to the European economies. We believe that tablet offerings will continue to evolve and may result in the notebook refresh cycle to lengthen, depending on macroeconomic conditions and competitive product offerings. We are optimistic that the wide variety of new notebook offerings, including thin and light systems, will result in renewed growth in this market over the next 12 months. We also remain optimistic about the long-term impact of Windows 8 and other operating systems that enhance the user experience by incorporating touch, keyboard, pen, voice and gesture. Based on all these considerations, our forecast for the December quarter assumes the market to be relatively flat sequentially. And as a result, we are continuing to constrain builds and manage inventory. Based on already completed negotiations associated with the current quarter, we expect that the ASPs will decline about 5%. We are currently forecasting second fiscal quarter revenues of approximately $3.5 billion, with margins at the lower end of our new long-term range of 27% to 32%. For the December quarter, we are planning for our operating expenses to increase slightly sequentially and reflect a full quarter of expenses from the acquisition of LaCie in our retail business. The vast majority of our capital expenditures continue to be used for maintaining our existing operations, including investments related to technology transitions as opposed to installing new capacity. We expect to maintain capital spending at or below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue, including a replacement of our media R&D facility in Fremont, California in November. In terms of returning value to shareholders, we are planning to return approximately 70% of our operating cash flow this fiscal year through our share redemption program and dividends. We are maintaining our target for approximately $350 million ordinary shares outstanding at the end of the December quarter. In conjunction with our purchase of the Samsung hard drive business line last year, our shareholder agreement requires us to file an S-3 and register the 45.2 million shares we issued to them by September 19. Samsung has indicated that they intend to maintain their position in Seagate for the foreseeable future. And as a reminder, these shares were already reflected in our ordinary share count. Given the flat demand environment we are experiencing, as well as the uncertainty around the issues we discussed impacting demand, we expect to be in a better position to update our financial expectations for the fiscal year and calendar year when we report our second quarter fiscal results in January. With respect to price negotiations that will occur this quarter related to the March quarter, we expect that ASPs will remain relatively flat. We currently expect macro unpredictability and rapid technology and computer industry change to continue, and we continue to implement investment and business processes designed to build a business model with higher margins to withstand fluctuations in demand. We believe the best reflection of this effort is represented by the low end of our gross margin range being higher than the high end of our previous gross margin range. Data consumption and creation and global Internet connectivity growth continue to be very robust. At the same time, computing is changing fundamentally and at a rapid place, driven by open source software, cloud infrastructure and architectures, and mobility. Because of our leadership position in storage, we have a high degree of engagement with a wide spectrum of customers from end users to OEMs to cloud service providers. We are now on our third-generation, solid-state hybrid notebook drives, and we are expanding this technology into desktop and enterprise products. We also have new 7-millimeter and 5-millimeter products at customers for qualification and evaluation, which position us very well for the new thin and light notebook systems. In summary, we believe Seagate is well positioned to sustain strong financial performance in this challenging economic environment, as well as to address the opportunities associated with the needs of cloud computing and mobile connectivity. John, we're now ready to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Cihra from Evercore Partners.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask a question on the, I guess, the enterprise weakness or shortfall in the September quarter and then continuing to the December quarter. Maybe Steve or whomever. How much of that do you think is the market because you did cite Europe? And how much of that was sort of inventory drawdown, and where we are in that inventory drawdown process?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, it's the right question. And unfortunately, it's a little hard to see, because I think the third element that's probably playing into that is the architectural changes as well. We're definitely seeing more customers that are building various types of either private or public cloud infrastructures that are purchasing systems maybe away from the traditional OEMs, whether or not they're going directly or whether or not they may be buying architectures from smaller start-ups. But I think it's the right combination between people that acquired inventory in the March and June quarters in anticipation or concern around recovery still in enterprise from the supply chain disruptions caused by the flood combined with the slowdown. So I think there is an inventory overhang that's still being addressed. And then there's also, I think, some competitive issues where certain of the OEMs maybe just aren't having the sell-through that they thought they were, which may be related to macro or may be competitive issues. But it's definitely a combination of the 3 things of a changing customer base that's responding to a new architecture and then inventory absorption, as well as -- I do think the macro impact is significant, though I've been a little surprised that the European situation hasn't kind of shown its head earlier just because most of the enterprise companies still have somewhere between 25% and 40% of the revenue exposure in Europe, which is different than the client side or consumer technology companies.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess just, everything you just said, do you think that applies equally to mission critical and business critical, or is most of that more mission critical?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think it applies equally. I think, probably, the comments around cloud service providers and architectures is probably more of a nearline business critical point than mission critical, but I think there basically was inventory buy-in on nearline as well. Again, a lot of the OEMs feed the cloud market as well, right? So I think it applies to both of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Bachman from Bank of Montréal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Steve, just want to try to get your take about the OEM inventory. I know you talked a little bit about inventory more broadly, but specifically at the OEM in the channel? And then I had a follow-up please.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think there's 2 levels of inventory, obviously, at the OEMs, right? One is the device level inventory and then the other is the system level inventory. And I think the comments I just made, I think, at the device level, I think there was probably a fair amount of buy-in really in the June quarter with still some concerns around the recovery of the drive industry. And then I think that, that buy-in happened to coincide with the slowdown that really started at the tail end of the June quarter. I mean to me, 2012 feels a lot like 2010, where we start getting this rollover in May and then things never recovered for the rest of the year. And I think for the OEMs, they were buying in inventory, and then things started to slow down. And it's always a little confusing in June when things slow down because it's the summer, and that's a typically slow period anyhow. And you hope it recovers in September. We really didn't see that recovery, and I think people, clearly, are grasping the macroeconomic issues a little better now as being more significant than maybe we thought 3, 4, 5 months ago. So I think at the OEM level, it's a combination of a lot of system inventory, and initially, in the summer, and device inventory. Then I think probably, trying to bleed down that inventory in anticipation of Windows 8. Clearly, people are trying to get lean on how many of the old systems they're carrying in order to be prepared to ramp as Windows 8's released. And then depending on the robustness of demand for Windows 8, I think they'll be able to respond. So I think it's -- again, I think it's a similar story, just different reasons, maybe more related to Windows as opposed to cloud architecture changing.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But in terms of just run rates, do you feel like their finished goods inventory and/or channel is at a point where the ships of your drives will match whatever their end demand is? So do you think things are kind of evened out? I know it's hard to see.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think the channel actually feels better to me, if you're talking about -- the distribution channel, with respect to device level technology, feels better. Our position is about 1 million units less than it was last quarter and within our range of 4 to 6 weeks. I'm not that concerned about the distribution channel. I think in the OEMs, there's -- depending on the customer, there's probably still some work to be done. I would say at the margin, I feel -- I wish inventories at the customer level were a little lower, both on the systems side probably and the device side. So again, that's one of the reasons that's weighing on our flat TAM assumption. I think probably end user TAM is actually probably going to grow by low-single digits or maybe even mid-single digits. But I still think there's inventory adjustments to be had.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. My follow-up, then I'll cede the floor is -- Steve, you mentioned you thought ASPs in the March quarter would be flat. I just wanted to see if you could flush that out a little bit. It would be unusual relative to history for those March quarter ASPs to be flattish. Just curious, a little bit of feedback.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you. Well, yes, the difference in history, I suppose, is the structure of the industry. I think the major point that we're trying to convey is in -- this quarter is when we negotiate prices for next quarter. So if you think about it in reverse, for the quarter we're in now, we negotiated those prices in September or late August. And I would say that I kind of feel that the December pricing probably got away from us just a touch with the demand falling off as much as it did in September. And trying to, I think, recognize what was the real TAM going to be for the December quarter, I think the industry and probably our customers were hoping that it was going to be more in the 150 or 155 range. So I think the industry is probably recognized that the March quarter is likely to be pretty flat to or maybe marginally up. And that we're really not going to buy TAM with pricing. And so I think, we've obviously gotten to pricing levels that are as low as we want to see them if we're bumping on the bottom end of our range. And so, it's important for us to make sure we maintain discipline going forward, so we can get our R&D and capital investments where we want for the long term. So that's the way we're going to approach the March quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox from Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: A couple of questions. First of all, just further on the March pricing and looking forward. Can you sort of describe what kind of mix you anticipate in March, how much that's helping the overall ASP? And then secondly, Steve, you talked a lot about macro pressures that are hard to figure out when they're going to end and so on. If this goes on, say, for 9, 12 months, is there plans to take capacity down? Or do you think you're comfortable operating in these margins on the capacity level as you've got currently?
Stephen J. Luczo: Thanks, let me just make some notes, so I don't forget. On the first thing, on March pricing, I think, Steven, the mix assumptions -- look, we've been kind of off on mix for a couple of 3 quarters in a row here where the mix assumptions we've had, basically, don't come to fruition. And part, I think, is that's just because the pressure that the systems vendors are under to maintain margins. I think mix is -- the assumptions for mix are basically pretty conservative for the March quarter. So if there was actually an improvement in mix, which would be what we would hope, especially if there's any sort of recovery in March on the enterprise, then I think that the relatively flat ASPs, hopefully, will prove to be conservative. So we have tried to, at least this time, assume a pretty conservative view on mix, to say relatively flat ASPs, because as you know, obviously, with new products coming on and mix improving, it actually probably increase ASPs. On the macroeconomic situation and how long does it have to last for it to be really painful. That's a good question. And I would say if we had -- I guess, the question is do you have clarity on that it's going to be 9 to 12 months. If we knew it was going to be flat and weak for the next 9 to 12 months, we'd probably do one set of things. But if you're kind of making that decision quarter-to-quarter, you have a little bit less flexibility, obviously. But to answer your question, I think the good news is for the drive industry, or certainly, for Seagate, and I guess getting to be that way for WD and Hitachi, is for us, it's about absorbing heads and disks really. It's where most of our R&D and where most of our capital is deployed. And as long as we're absorbing heads and disks at these levels, we're okay. And if we had to reduce drive output, that's actually fairly easy capital for us to address, in part, because a lot of it is test capacity, which we can actually increase test times and also with aerial density -- sorry, with average capacity per drive increasing, test times are increasing anyhow. So in a certain sense, as challenging as the environment is, I'd say for the drive industry, given the aerial density and the petabyte growth, it's manageable. Now if TAMs dropped to 120 million units, that's a different story. Then the industry would probably have to take a hard look at a lot of things with respect to internal components and supply, as well as drive level capacity. But I'd say right now for us, while we're operating well below our theoretical capacity, we can maintain the margin structures and the cost objectives that we have at this level of demand, even if it lasted 9 or 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ananda Baruah from Brean Capital.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Steve, two if I could. I guess the first one is regarding the gross margin and ASP guidance in December quarter. I guess I was thinking, if prices were coming down about 5%, that gross margins would be able to be stable, more or less. I mean is that just -- sort of typically, not the right sort of assumption? Or is there something going on with mix that's baked into that -- to the gross margin guidance as well? And then I have a follow-up.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, like I said, I think we've been pretty conservative on mix. But again, price erosion is a tricky little term in the drive industry that's, unfortunately, got a legacy that went back to when there was only about 5 different products as opposed to 700 different products. So we like to talk more in terms of ASPs. So you're generally right though that if it was a 5% price erosion that the ASPs probably wouldn't erode by 5%, and gross margins would be healthier. So price erosion is higher than 5%, ASP erosion will be about 5%. And if mix improves either within each category, right -- mix meaning capacity per drive, if you will, or heads and disks per drive, or if the mix improves in terms of enterprise nearline versus client, notebook and desktop, those are all things obviously that boost ASPs. We've taken a pretty conservative approach, as I said on the enterprise market opportunity, in part because of the inventory and in part because of European concerns.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: And just as a follow-up, you've been pretty consistent or very consistent, I should say, on capital allocation through this calendar year. Can you give us some sense of what capital allocation could look like as we get into '13? I believe you have some stipulations around some NOLs. So was interested in sort of getting your thoughts on how that might impact any of the capital allocation.
Stephen J. Luczo: It doesn't change the long-term capital allocations, where we still believe that we're going to target a heavy return of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends or redemption. And of course, we've got the 2014 end of year target of $250 million ordinary shares outstanding. So what happens in 2013 though, as you pointed out, is we do run into a Section 382 problem where, if we redeem too many shares, it could trigger a loss of our NOLs, which are fairly substantial. And we'd rather avoid doing that, not that we've used NOLs or necessarily see any need to use NOLs. But it's nice to have them in case you need them. So we'll probably be reasonable in sidestepping that problem, unless the value proposition is just too great, in which case, obviously then, we'll go ahead and buy our stock and deal with losing NOLs that we may or may not need. So what that would mean obviously is a slowdown in redemption in 2013 and then an acceleration in 2014 to get to our target. And in the meantime, obviously, maintaining our dividend policy, which is, as we said, a minimum increase, targeted increase of 10% per year.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. Is there any sort of level that we should expect the redemptions to sort of settle in at as we get into '13?
Stephen J. Luczo: They're pretty minimal for '13.
Patrick J. O’Malley: It's really for 9 months of '13. In the December quarter of 2013, some of the limitations ease. But for the remainder, the first 9 months of calendar 2013, they will be pretty minimal.
Stephen J. Luczo: The only thing that can also change that is there are certain holders of securities that we can buy from and not trigger a 382 problem, if you will. Not to imply that anything our government does to us is a problem. But one of those would be Samsung. So if Samsung decided to sell any shares, we could acquire from Samsung and not run into a 382 problem. There are also a couple of institutional holders that we can buy shares from and also not trigger it. So we have a couple other options, but we'll just have to see how it unfolds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I appreciate the detail on the hybrid drive progress. I know you mentioned the 5-millimeter and the 7-millimeter being in the process of being qualified with some OEMs. Can you give us an update on where you are with hybrids? Have you shipped any into new products, or is this really more of a 2013 thing?
Stephen J. Luczo: It's calendar 2013. So I think by the end of this calendar year, we're going to have hybrid offerings; CTU level, at least, with a lot of major customers, so that would, Sherri, include desktop and enterprise. The 7-millimeter hybrid's getting a lot of attention, which would be a drive that would be used in thin and light. 5-millimeter is not a hybrid, the first version, that would be later. But we think there's lots of interesting applications for 5-millimeter regardless. And I'd say where I'm most excited is the attention that the hybrid in enterprise is getting at a couple of accounts, because you basically can boost IOPS performance by 2x to 3x, which in a lot of applications, IOPS is the measure that they're most concerned about. So we have a couple of large enterprise customers that are very interested in the product, and that's probably the one I'm most excited about. So that's all stuff that we would expect to be ramping in calendar 2013, but some of those even in the first half.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then just a quick question on share count. I think the share count was a bit different this quarter than, at least, we had expected. What is the assumption for share count in the December quarter? I know you've given a 350 million by the end of the year, but what type of average should we use for the quarter?
Patrick J. O’Malley: I'd use 390 million shares. That may be slightly conservative, depending on the pace we buy to get to 350, but I'd plan for that, Sherri.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two if I can. I just want go back to the March discussion. Understanding that you are going to be more disciplined relative to December on pricing, is your assumption also, as we work through this OEM inventory that -- what's your assumption around the industry demand TAM or the shipment numbers going into the March quarter? Are we to assume a flat sequential TAM, or do we expect -- I think it's hard to try and judge what normal seasonality is anymore?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I mean flat. I mean people can get all hung up on 10 million units these days. But the reality is, 10 million units, when you think about our 42% market share, is 4 million units, which I think we could probably respond to in about 1.5 days, so it's not a big deal, right? Whether or not I say 140 or 150, while some analysts may get all exercised about that, the reality is it's the same number from an operations perspective. So I would assume a flat TAM, whether or not that means 140 or even 155, I think is possible. Like I said, I think the December system sales will probably actually be up. My guess is 3% to 7%, but I think we're not going to see it just because of inventory absorption. So that may mean real TAM for December, in terms of sales out of systems in the 150 range, in which case, then March probably, for us, sales will be like that. So that's what we're assuming, but it doesn't really matter. The point is, capacity is way above that. Capacity is 170, so you're not going to pick up anything. You're not going to pick up 30 million units with pricing. The issue is not pricing of systems. The issue is macroeconomic conditions. So the TAM's 140. We'll build whatever it is, 56 million drives, and we're going to price them so we can maintain the margins that we need to invest in our business long term.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Very helpful. And as a follow-up, you guys had the Analyst Day on September 21. You talked about roughly a 30% gross margin. I'd like to understand, I know it's just a week or so left in the quarter, what changed relative to that? I think you also had made a comment about Brazil having 100 basis points impact. I don't know if that was really the driver. I'd like to understand why that changed in the final week or so of the quarter.
Stephen J. Luczo: Sure. I don't know if you had heard the earlier comments that I made, but the quarter was really back-end loaded, much more so than -- more so than even is typical for a September. And September's a pretty back-end loaded quarter anyhow as you know. July is usually very weak, August is weak, almost through the entire month. And then it's this race to the finish, and it was even more seasonally back-end loaded. So we had a lot of drives to ship. We looked at historical seasonality, and basically, the quarter didn't come through. So part of it was just related to the overall weakness in demand that basically never really kind of resolved itself.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The Brazil issue?
Stephen J. Luczo: So part of it was mix. Again, enterprise mix at the end didn't come in where we thought it would. So again, we have a lot of historical data about what happens with enterprise shipments through the quarter. They're typically even more back-end loaded than client. And so they didn't resolve as much, and the mix wasn't as good. So that was the second thing. And then you have Brazil was like 100 basis points. So I mean even with the first 2 items, we would have hit the 30%, if it wasn't for the Brazil issue. And that was basically a function of -- it's a fairly complicated story. But in Brazil, there is a requirement that if you are building computer systems in Brazil, a certain number or a certain percentage of the components have to be purchased in-country. And we've invested a fair amount of money, in part, as an extension of the investments that Samsung had to make sure that we can actually provide in-country-built drives. Our estimation of what that business should have been in the last couple of quarters was high, and we're still digging into why that is. But as a result, the pricing that we deployed was too aggressive because we didn't get the absorption that we should have. So we've made the adjustments in terms of our expectations. We'll make adjustments in terms of pricing. And we won't get all of that 100 basis points back next quarter, but we think -- this quarter, but we'll probably get half of it back, and then we should kind of be through that knothole [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes from Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering 2 things. You said OpEx is going to be up sequentially slightly. I was wondering how you were thinking about that lever. I think you mentioned that you didn't want to cut product development, but if things were to get particularly difficult, what are you thinking about the OpEx lever, and what could you do? And I have a follow-up.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, we could do a lot on OpEx, as you know, Ben. I think the only thing that's really driving -- and that would again be if we had a forecast of a sustained environment that's a lot worse than this. Again, I'm not going to cut OpEx when we're running at margin levels, like I said, that are higher than what the high end of our old range was. If this is what bad is, we can live with it and continue to invest. The biggest thing driving the increase in the OpEx right now is we hadn't done a focal increase really for a couple of years. And so we're doing a focal increase on comp. And the second is LaCie acquisition brings some OpEx into the model that wasn't there previously. So we know how to manage OpEx if things get bad and stay bad, but I don't think we're near that right now. But we do planning all the time.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My follow-up is on enterprise. Within your TAM estimate, I think you're saying there's continued pressure into the fourth quarter. And just within enterprise, if you wouldn't mind, what are you seeing into December and then into March in terms of TAM? And how we balance the inventories there, just in enterprise, in particular?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, again, we're maintaining a pretty conservative outlook in December and March. Our issue around enterprise, or I think, the technology industry's issue around enterprise is, in my opinion, more related to European situation and weakness in economy just because Europe plays a big role in enterprise purchases, as do governments. And there's obviously more and more policies around austerity, which ultimately means fewer purchases by government. So I think we're just being conservative, there's not going to be much of a recovery, Ben, for a couple of quarters.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So it's like in line with your TAM estimate, just flat and flat kind of is best guess for now?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Noland from Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to ask about, Steve, your comment on balancing supply and demand, strong inventory management and gross margin performance relative to pre-consolidation, especially considering linearity. If you can talk about balancing supply with these conditions, it just seems like Seagate and the industry are more nimble today.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, well, I think Seagate is. I mean if you look at our inventory position, I think it's -- to have less inventory than we did in June, in a quarter that fell off pretty dramatically relative to expectations, I feel that the company responded pretty well. I think linearity is a different issue. I think -- I still think that we and our customers have a lot of work to do around linearity and velocity. And Dave Mosley can talk just a little bit, with Rocky. I mean we're doing a lot of -- it's funny. The flood, for all of its challenges, also, I think, resulted in some really good business process improvements between us and our customers in order to reduce inventory and increase velocity. Some customers are continuing with that. Others are going back to their lazy ways that basically somehow revolve around carrying a lot of inventory to solve business process problems. And I just don't think that's healthy. I think our industry's got to address that with our customers that at the end of the day, that's not good for anybody. So the only way we can really do that is keeping a really tight control on builds. Dave's done a lot of work in this area on the supply chain side, all the way through demand fulfillment. So maybe I'll just ask him to talk to you a little bit, and then Rocky can weigh in on what he's seeing on the customer side in terms of those that are kind of moving towards a model that is maybe more focused on velocity versus inventory.
William David Mosley: First of all, product simplification happens, which we've been working really hard, especially through the product transitions that we went through. That helps it straight out of the factories. And then working with our customers to develop hubs that make sense versus hubs that are spread all over the place where we can late-stage postpone some of the configuration issues that they need out the field. With product simplification, that's helping us quite a bit. And then once you get those hubs set up, you can take advantage of [indiscernible]. So I think there's a lot of things that we're doing around that, working with some of the customers that have really kind of come to the table after the flood that Steve talked about that's really paying good benefits efficiency wise. Rocky?
Albert A. Pimentel: And I think that cross-functionally, Dave and I working together on the business process, I think on the sales side, the management of customers' week-to-week demand and polls, et cetera, we've made a lot of improvements to really get down and focused on those key customers that really move the needle. And working with manufacturing, I think we've really improved the business process of the supply chain with the customers and holding the customers accountable for their commitments. And I think it's resulted in that efficiency you've seen in inventory. It's a continued battle every week-to-week in the volatility to the market we're in. But I think that, again, we made some really fundamental advancements in our cross-functional management of the supply chain through customer fulfillment.
Stephen J. Luczo: And we just have to be more disciplined. One of the things we're doing internally, Jayson, is we're actually changing our sales comp programs to be rewarded on basically, forecast accuracy and linearity, which is not something that typically we had done, not certainly at the level or priority that we're going to do it now. And the other again is just working with customers. I mean we had a customer last week that made a big change order on enterprise from one product to another. And we try to explain to them why that was difficult. And the response was, well, it's just a mix change. As if you just wave a wand over these drives and somehow make them something different. So it's just a different dialogue that has to occur that look, if you order one of these things, then we're building it for you and you're buying it. And if you're not, then there's going to be a penalty associated to it, not that we'll just swap these things out, like you can go to the hardware store and decide you want 1/4 inch screws instead of 3/8. So a lot of work the industry has to do, I think, to got the right discipline in.
Operator: Our final question comes from Cindy Shaw from DISCERN.
Cindy Shaw - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: I've been hearing from some of my industry contacts that they're seeing the enterprise systems ship with just less capacity of drives and more empty drive space. And we can speculate as to a number of reasons as to why that might be up -- going on. But I was wondering if you can comment on, are you seeing that? And if you are, what do you think might be behind it?
Stephen J. Luczo: I don't know that we're seeing that. But what I guess would be behind it is customers that hope that they can buy directly instead of buying racked-out systems that they're paying a huge markup on disk drives for. But I don't know that they can really do that, because if they're buying from OEMs, the OEMs really control that through their maintenance and service contracts. So you can't really buy a system and then buy drives from Seagate if you're buying a system from a traditional OEM because then your service contract typically is invalidated. So no one's willing to do that. So we haven't really seen that. But I do think that if you weren't talking about OEMs, I mean, I do think, architecturally, that's happening, that people are starting to design systems where they can incrementally add the storage they need. If those aren't really necessarily through the OEMs. I think it's -- that's more some of the new architectures. All right. Well, on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank all of our employees and customers and partner suppliers and shareholders for your support and commitment, and best of luck to everyone on the East Coast as you recover from the storm. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William David Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Patrick J. O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Melanie, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Good afternoon, and welcome to today's call. I'm joined today in Cupertino by Seagate's CEO, Steve Luczo; and CFO, Pat O'Malley. Dave Mosley, our Executive Vice President of Operations, is joining the call from our Singapore offices. Other members of our executive team are traveling today and will be unable to join the call. We have posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal fourth quarter and year-end 2012 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, Steve will review the highlights from the June quarter and provide the company's outlook for the fiscal first quarter 2013. After that, we'll open up the call to questions. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to the company's historical and currently anticipated future operating and financial performance in the September quarter and thereafter and include statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties such as global economic conditions and other factors may be beyond the company's control and may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2011 and August 24, 2011, respectively, and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2012. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Steve Luczo. Please go ahead, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you, Kate. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As Kate mentioned, we are in 2 locations today. Pat and I are in Cupertino, and Dave is in Singapore. We've just celebrated the 30th anniversary of Seagate's Singapore operations. It's been an honor to be such an important part of the business transformation of this leading industrial country, and we thank all the employees, community members and government officials who have played such an important role in Seagate's overall success. Seagate's fourth quarter and year-end results reflect the overall strong operational performance by the company and our commitment to returning value to our shareholders. In the June quarter, we achieved record revenues of $4.5 billion and record shipments of 66 million units, which represented an approximately 42% market share. We had very strong profitability with non-GAAP net income of $1 billion and diluted earnings per share of $2.41. Non-GAAP gross margin was 33.6%. Fiscal 2012 revenues were $14.9 billion, with non-GAAP net income of $3 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $6.75 and non-GAAP gross margins of 31.7%. We also achieved record operating cash flow of $1.4 billion in the June quarter, and we returned over 90% of our operating cash flow for the quarter to shareholders in the form of dividends and share redemptions. As further evidence of our commitment to returning value to our shareholders and as a reflection of our confidence in the company's future, we announced today that we have raised our quarterly dividend payout 28% to $0.32 per share. For the fiscal year, Seagate generated over $3.2 billion in operating cash flow, of which we returned over 85% to shareholders through dividends and share redemptions. We ended the quarter and the fiscal year with approximately $2.2 billion in cash, restricted cash and short-term investments. We are on plan to reduce our share count to 350 million ordinary shares outstanding by calendar year-end 2012. Assuming market and macroeconomic conditions and the company's performance and valuation metrics are similar to what they are today, we plan to reduce our share count to 250 million ordinary shares by calendar year-end 2014. Given the assumptions stated above, we expect that we will continue to increase our dividend payments in a meaningful manner while continuing our redemption plan over the course of the next several years. We achieved many of our goals in the June quarter and set records in revenue and unit shipments. There were, however, a few areas where we did not perform as expected, which we highlighted in our preliminary results announcement a few weeks ago. I'll discuss the dynamics of the quarter and our thoughts on the business outlook for the September quarter and fiscal year 2013. Looking at our overall business activity in the quarter, we executed on our OEM agreements, and we resumed more typical volume shipments to the channel and retail markets. Overall unconstrained demand was lower than we expected going into the quarter. Against this demand profile, industry shipments have ramped to the point where supply and demand have come back into balance earlier than we had believed at the start of the quarter. The company is encouraged by its performance in transitioning to the next-generation technology across its entire portfolio. We believe Seagate is leading in technology transitions in all product categories. As a result, our inventory is comprised primarily of the newest generation products. In our enterprise business, we had a strong year-over-year growth, reflecting demand for cloud infrastructure build-outs and enterprise storage. Our shipments to cloud applications grew faster than the market, increasing 70% year-over-year. Offsetting some of this strength in the quarter was an isolated supplier issue in one of our mission-critical products that impacted our enterprise business. From an operations standpoint, it was a unique problem that required a thorough and timely investigation in order to determine the root cause. Given the nature of the problem, which was a particle contaminant coming from a supplier 3 levels down in the supply chain, determining the root cause was a challenging endeavor. Once we identified the issue, we were able to switch to an alternate supplier, and we resumed shipping the product within the June quarter. Despite our efforts to solve this issue quickly, the time we were out of the market impacted enterprise sales by approximately 1.5 million hard drives. As a result, our earnings were impacted by approximately $0.48 per share. We recognize the fact that an issue like this requires additional engagement with our customers to regain their confidence. Given the overall strength of our [indiscernible], shipments were relatively flat sequentially, and our share decreased marginally to 56%. Our notebook drive sales were up 12%, resulting in nearly twice the sequential growth of the market due to the strength of the 7-millimeter product line and the successful ramp of the Samsung product line. Our consumer electronics and retail businesses achieved sequential growth, and during the June quarter we made an important investment in our retail business with the proposed acquisition of LaCie, known for its premium external storage business. The overall breadth and depth of our hard drive product portfolio leads the industry, and we are aligning our technology road map to broaden our ability to provide customers with hybrid and solid state products that leverage NAND flash technology. To facilitate this effort, we announced today that Gary Gentry will be rejoining Seagate as Senior Vice President and General Manager of our SSD business. Prior to rejoining Seagate, Gary was General Manager of Micron's Enterprise SSD business. In the fall, we will be introducing our third-generation client hybrid drives, which will be in the 7-millimeter form factor. We will also be shipping demonstration units of our enterprise hybrid drives later this calendar year. We are encouraged by our engagements to date on this product, as several OEMs have requested exclusive access to this technology. In addition to the enterprise SSD products we are shipping today, our technology partnership with Samsung has progressed on plan and has resulted in a highly competitive Tier 0 product. We expect to be shipping customer test units of this product at the end of this quarter. To further deepen our SSD capabilities, we made a strategic investment in DensBits technology, and we are also jointly developing a next-generation solid state controller technology with DensBits that’s focused on breaking through current cost, reliability and performance benchmarks in the client and enterprise markets. We continue to believe that hybrid drives and SSDs are an important complementary technology to HDDs. We are confident in our approach to these markets, where we leverage our customer relationships and technical capabilities and focus on building core technology with strategic partners to produce best-in-class devices and solutions. Turning to our September quarter outlook, we believe that the industry is operating with sufficient supply -- with supply sufficient to meet demand. We continue to monitor several key indicators in the market, including macroeconomic dynamics, overall PC demand, product mix, growth in tablets and smartphones, the upcoming release of Windows 8 and the numerous thin and light product initiatives. Based on current planning indications from a broad base of customers, we are approaching the September quarter conservatively, focusing on supply-demand balance and are currently aligning our business for relatively flat demand sequentially and continued improvement in the average capacity per drive shipped. For the September quarter, we expect to maintain market share, achieve revenue of approximately $4 billion, deliver gross margins exceeding 30% and have operating expenses that remain relatively flat. At this time, we believe the December quarter's addressable market will improve for the September quarter, and these conditions will put us on a path to revenues of at least $17 billion in calendar 2012 and exiting the year with margins above 30%. For fiscal 2013, assuming modest market growth, we are planning to maintain market share and deliver at least 25% annual growth in non-GAAP earnings. With respect to our capital structure and priorities for cash, as previously discussed, we expect to continue to enhance shareholder value through dividends and share redemptions. Seagate is well positioned in the current environment, and we look forward to updating you on our vision and strategic plan at our Investor Meeting on September 21. Melanie, we are now ready to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Two questions from me. First of all, on the lost $0.48 during the quarter around the enterprise problem, can you just talk about more details in terms of how quickly you expect to recover that share and how it'd flow through the next couple of quarters? And then secondly, any details on capital spending for the full fiscal year? Not just the dollar amount, but what you're going to be spending at all will be helpful as well.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, we'll give you what the dollar amount is. I don't think we plan to competitively tell people where we're deploying our capital. Dave, I'll let you handle that in a second. With respect to the $0.48, Steven, I think an issue like this, clearly we need to, like I said, rebuild confidence with our enterprise customers. I think some of the good things are we caught what was a very difficult problem in an extensive stress test, and we were able to really protect the vast majority of the field from the problem. That being said, I would expect that it's going to take us at least a couple or 3 quarters to regain the market share that we would typically see across our enterprise product line. And Dave, you want to talk about capital?
William David Mosley: Yes, I can. I think as a relative percentage of revenue, Steven, we’d be about the same level that we were last year. I don't really see any reason in today's economy to be ticking it up if we -- we're through most of the product transitions. We've still got some technology transitions going on that force us to buy new capital, but we won't be adding significant capacity with the economy where it is right now. So that's the way I'd characterize it.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes, and I -- and so Dave, if I could add to that. I mean actually, we looked at our historical model of 6% to 8% capital. We've talked about taking it below that, and we'd be below that range for next year with the outlook that Steve gave. So we're monitoring it very tightly. And as Dave said, he could position it if there's need for growth. But he's -- we're down much lower.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: And just a quick follow-up, Steve, just to make sure I'm clear on what you're saying about your outlook. It's all predicated on that you're comfortable with the current levels of market share you have now and going forward x the problem you had in the enterprise?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I've always liked more market share. I'm not sure what you mean by comfortable. But we believe that the market shares that are in the industry today -- look, we've talked for a while about a 43-43-14 or 40-40 -- 42-42-16 kind of split between Seagate, Western Digital and Toshiba, with Hitachi and Samsung obviously still operating as either fully or semiautonomous units at Seagate and WD. So 45-42, could those shift by about a point or 2? Yes, but I mean, I still think that that's the general market share splits. And on the 66 million units, the 1 million units of lost enterprise isn't a huge market share issue. Obviously in terms of revenues and profits, it was very difficult. But yes I think overall, that's where the market will sell out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two questions, if I can, as well. Steve, when we talk about the guidance and you say $4 billion roughly in revenue, looking at that on the basis of what you're telling us on the shares and the gross margin line, I guess what I'm trying to figure out is it seems like you're implying as much as a high single-digit sequential blended ASP decline to get close to that number if you keep your share trends on a flat TAM. So I'd just like -- I'd like to understand a little bit in the context of where you're seeing pricing going right now and how you're factoring that into your assumptions over the -- for calendar '12 but also looking out for fiscal '13. And then I do have a follow-up.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, pricing has remained relatively benign. I think the issues that you have to think about are mix more maybe than pricing and how mix relates to pricing and AUP. So with the pricing overall being relatively high compared to pre-flood, a lot of the OEMs have mixed down in order to preserve the budgets that they have going towards storage. So it's one of the factors that we're still learning a lot about in terms of what happens with different price moves at different capacity points and how does that result in volume changes and how does that result in AUP changes. So price erosion is one measure, but AUP is another. And so we try and think about AUPs that aren't hopefully falling at very high rates. And of course, one of the ways you can prevent AUPs from falling is by having mix up. So those are what we're continuing to model with our customers in order to kind of help them achieve what they're trying to achieve is also maintaining a -- the benign -- kind of the benign environment we have. I mean, it's fairly consistent with the outlook that was given by WD also in light of, I think, a September quarter that right now is a little bit vague from the OEM perspective. So we want to make sure that we're cautious in terms of what the OEMs are seeing. And I guess we'll hear more about that in a month or so when 2 of the biggest OEMs report.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And as a follow-up, Steve, clearly, you've made an appointment on the SSD side. You've invested in DensBits. Can you talk a little bit about your strategy there? Do you think you have all the pieces of the puzzle as it relates to SSDs? And as it relates to DensBits, when do you expect products to hit the market from that investment that you've made?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, so the -- to answer the first part first, yes, we feel -- like I said in the script, I mean, we feel good about the approach we're taking for a market that today hasn't been terribly attractive from a profit perspective. And we've kind of consistently said that in the enterprise, we view this as a 2015 market where we want to be significantly engaged, and I feel like we're still on that path. Our work with Samsung has really progressed very, very well. We feel very good about the performance of the controller that we developed with them, and we're getting really quite good feedback from the test beds that we run, which we run at kind of enterprise HDD grade, which is quite a bit more stressful than what a lot of the SSD companies run. So I do feel good about the path that we're on. And our path, like I said, is really leveraging our customer relationships, leveraging a lot of what we know about enterprise-class storage and enterprise workloads and then complementing that with significant technology. So if there's technologies out there that we feel are going to be important going forward, then that's something we investigate typically in a partnership manner, as we've done so far. DensBits, I think, is a -- is really an indication of what I would say next, next generation. It's really about a controller technology that has the potential for significantly reducing the overall cost of the flash in both enterprise and client applications. And we're hard at work with them. We haven't disclosed yet when we expect to deliver a jointly developed technology, but we'd probably be talking to that more specifically in the September analyst meeting. But we feel very, very good about what we've been able to achieve, both with the investment and technically where we think we can go with DensBits.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Steve, 2, if I could, I guess, just real quickly on the September quarter guidance. What types of ASP declines do you have baked into the guidance right now?
Stephen J. Luczo: Pretty marginal, less than 5%.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. On a like-for-like basis?
Stephen J. Luczo: ASPs.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: ASPs, yes. Okay, great. And then the second one for me is to get to the share count, I guess, the 250 million exiting calendar year '13, I think you said -- I'm going to paraphrase -- something like a stable or normalized kind of environment. Can you give us -- I don't know, a little more sense of like what that might feel like? Or would something like this feel like that environment with a little slight growth in the TAM?
Stephen J. Luczo: End of year 2014, calendar year 2014, not 2013.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Sorry. Sorry about that. 2014, yes.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. Yes, I think what I said was assuming market conditions and company performance similar to what we're experiencing today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess I'm going to ask 2 questions, too. That’s the norm. First, just on Samsung, if you can give us a view into -- I don't know where their contribution is in terms of percentage of units or just where that integration stands. And then secondly, just keeping with the flash discussion, you guys historically have obviously been the biggest proponents of hybrid drives. But if you look at the interest that's building in just using a flat small flash cache module plus a drive, where do you see that demand shaking out versus hybrid? I mean, do you think that's an interim step? Or do you think we literally end up with 3 setups: drive-only, full hybrid and then maybe in between using a flash cache plus a drive?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, thanks, Rob. One, Samsung, just quickly, operationally, we were integrated really at the end of December. So the March quarter, we were up. From an operations perspective, we were fully integrated. From a sales perspective, it's a separate entity. So everything that's revolved around the customer interaction, product planning, order, pricing, commitments, road maps, that's all a separate team. And that would continue to be in place under the requirements of ModCom [ph] through at least December this year, depending on whether or not the -- our agreement with ModCom [ph] terminates at that time or not. So it's integrated as much as we can, and it's operating well. And we don't break out separately the unit volumes of the Samsung product line. On your question on hybrid and flash cache modules, I mean, not to discredit any other great technology companies, we believe there are certain performance advantages to a real hybrid device. And we still believe that that's got some performance characteristics, both in terms of endurance and absolute performance that are better than other alternatives. But my guess is that yeah, it’s a world where you'll see lots of different implementations of how flash presents itself in a system, even with people calling things hybrid drives that maybe we wouldn't call a hybrid drive, i.e., you could stick some flash in between the DRAM and a rotating disk and call it a hybrid, but if you don't have the algorithms that we've developed over those 3 or 4 years to optimize one in how you cache both on a rotating media as well as on the silicon and your error correction code n, n, n -- there is going to be a lot of different flavors out here. So again for us, I think the benchmark that we've tried to establish in our portfolio, whether or not it's on the client side or in the enterprise side is maintaining or bettering HDD performance, which is a technology that is robust and is step -- is standing the test of time on workloads. And I think it's one of the biggest challenges of flash, obviously, is write performance and write endurance, especially as you get to small and linear density or newer technologies that have to be compute grade. It's one thing to dump something down on a memory stick, and it's another to be really maintaining your corporate data in it. So that's where we think we bring a lot of value-add to the equation. So yes, so I think there will be all sorts of different versions, not just 3, but we're primarily focused on hybrid and full SSD along with HDD at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Steve, I'm wondering if you can take a crack at inventory for the industry, including your best guess at the OEM, and how that makes you think about the potential growth of the market in the December quarter. Any color there would be great.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay, Keith. Well, let's just say -- I was just going to say no, but I'll -- but since you said in the December quarter -- look, I think it's -- you're on the point, which is that the industry, I think, has to be very cautious about maintaining supply-demand balance this quarter, particularly in light of the macroeconomic conditions, potential issues around our fiscal cliff and then weighing that against an opportunity in the December quarter that we're actually pretty bullish on, primarily driven by Windows 8. So it's just something that we're going to watch very closely and probably going into the quarter fairly conservatively in terms of build and inventory management. Again, I think it's important to recognize that in the case of Seagate, I'm not saying that it's not the case in WD, it's just not my position to talk to them, we're really running full on now with all of our new technology transitions, so -- across the portfolio, the products that we're building are products that we'll be building for a couple of years at least.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right, right.
Stephen J. Luczo: And therefore, the management of the inventory is important, but we never kind of feel bad that we're stuck with some "stale technology or stale products." So it's something we're watching closely. Where do I think people are? I think it's hard to say right now. It's -- the June quarter is always a tough quarter, and then you flow into July and August which are slow, and then September usually is very strong. So I think it's just something that we have to keep an active engagement with our customers on and make sure that neither us at the component level or they at the systems level get too out of balance. And obviously, we have our vested interests in doing that.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. let me -- just one clarification, if I will. Did you say mix would improve in the September quarter? I thought I heard that yet on Aaron's comment. It's just hard to reconcile ASPs going down as much as implicit within the guidance with mix improving, but perhaps I misheard it.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I mean, again, I don't know if it’s any different than what the other industry competitor has said. So -- but mix have -- I mean, average capacity per drive's flattened in the December quarter and the March quarter. They picked up in the June quarter. And so thus far this quarter, the average capacity per drive does seem to be improving. So I think it's really an issue of where does ASP end up. Where does TAM end up, to your point? How much inventory rebalancing is there? And again, we want to be conservative. If it turns out that the TAMs are bigger or the inventories are going to be replenished, then we can easily chase upside. That's not to say [indiscernible] chase upside than it is to reduce outflow once you build it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was hoping to get your thoughts, Steve, on inventory growth going forward. I think you commented that you expect -- for your calendar '14 guidance or fiscal '13 guidance that you expect modest unit growth. If we look at the flat TAM guidance for 3Q, it looks like units declined 10% year-over-year. So I'm just curious what type of modest growth do you think there is going forward? And does it worry you at all that 3Q is down that much?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, it doesn't worry me in light of the macro conditions that we're in and in light of maybe what some delayed purchases around Windows. I think that the kind of 5% to 7% unit growth number that industry analysts are putting out there seems to be the right number for how the world feels right now. You could be here the third week of September and things could be a lot better or a lot worse depending on what's going on with the macro conditions. But I'd say right now, growth is probably a good thing and period [ph] relative to what a lot of other companies and industries are facing. So -- and the fact that September is down seems pretty -- flat seems pretty consistent with what most technology companies are saying, which is they feel like it's a bit of a roll, but they're still fairly confident about December and the first half of 2013. So now, obviously flat relative to what a normal September would be, you could argue is down 5% or 7%, right? I think that's a reflection of what we're reading in the newspaper every day. It's not like there's a lot of great structural decisions being made by the leaders of the world. So maybe when those people start getting their act together, then we can get some better growth.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well hopefully, that will happen soon. And then I just want a clarification on fiscal '13. I wasn't sure if that was EPS growth of at least 25%. Does that also include buybacks in that assumption?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, it's EPS growth.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And that includes your buyback plans?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones, one on technology. In terms of the enterprise hybrid hard drives, do you see others in the industry supplying that as well? Or looking at it another way, do you think the OEMs will acquire multiple sources for that? Or do you think you can go for a while as a single vendor?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I don't think -- again, Rich, if -- the type of hybrid drive we're talking about no, we don't think that there's anything competitively in the marketplace just because of the amount of time that we've spent developing the technology around our hybrid drives. It's been going on for 4 or 5 years really. And in terms of the OEMs, since we've had OEMs that have asked us for exclusivity, I would say that it would be really obnoxious for them to ask for exclusivity but require redundancy. So I think we'll probably get over that heartache. The performance on these drives and certain attributes that certain segments require is pretty impressive given the dollar investment relative to pure SSD. So it's a pretty exciting opportunity, and I think people will feel quite comfortable. Probably half of our portfolio, we're the only company that provides right now. So it's not like we're not sole sourced through a lot of our customers in the enterprise. Most of the small form factor SAS products we're really the only supplier of right now. So that's something that they're pretty comfortable with.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of inventory, since the flood, the industry has had some pretty good visibility by directly shipping to the OEMs or their manufacturers and moving away from hubs. Is that still the case today? Are the hubs being used?
Stephen J. Luczo: It's kind of getting modified, I'd say. So Dave, you can answer the question about what our direct shipments were over the course of the quarter. But Rich, overall, I think again, most of our customers certainly the biggest and most sophisticated ones, are focused on velocity of inventory as opposed to kind of, if you will, cost of product. I think a lot of them were less than a -- saving $0.50 on a drive is not nearly as impactful as the velocity of getting a product through that generates $500 to $2,500 of revenue. So if there's any issues around reestablishment of inventory, if you will, regardless of who owns it in the hub, right, I think that there’s been a lot more focus on doing that in a way that increases velocity. So it's not concerning to me. Dave, you want to answer the first part of that question?
William David Mosley: Well, I think you said it, Steve. The only thing I'd add, Rich, is that it's not just about the velocity, but it's also about foreseeing the demand and making it as predictable as possible just so we make sure we have the right product [ph] in the right place versus flowing out to hubs and having too much there. So from a quantifications [ph] perspective, we're not nearly for the models, the various models that we had before. There are some hubs that are open but specifically for some customers, there's reasons why we haven't opened the hubs and we're still having a really successful model develop after the flood: velocity and this demand predictability and fulfillment predictability.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So the inventory that's on your balance sheet in terms of finished goods is more a reflection of the new normal as opposed to stopping production for the past -- the last 2 weeks or something like that?
William David Mosley: Kind of a good way to think about it is that maybe in the past it would have been largely in hubs, and now it's largely close to the backdoors of our factory.
Stephen J. Luczo: And Dave, percentage direct ships, June quarter?
William David Mosley: Yes, still over 80%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Craig with Bank of America.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was hoping I could get a little bit of context around gross margin for the September quarter and maybe what some of the positives and negatives are there, and how close to that 30% level you kind of expect to be, because I know you said greater than 30%. And then just secondly, Steve, with -- around the December number, it seems like it was back out at $17 billion. You're looking at $4 billion -- just over $4 billion worth of revenues. And so I guess I'm trying to triangulate. You said you feel bullish on the fourth quarter prospects with a number of things going on. Obviously, you probably have some ASP reductions and maybe they'll be benign again. But just trying to triangulate sort of a flat or -- revenue number and the sort of bullish commentary around the fourth quarter.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I'll let Pat answer the gross margin question. I think what we said was revenues of at least $17 billion, not $17 billion. So if I stumbled over those words sometimes, since I seem to stumble over a few in the script, I apologize. So it's revenues of at least $17 billion if December plays out the way we think. Do you want...
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes. And then the gross margin, obviously, as Steve talked, there is pricing, and we view it as relatively benign. But there is pricing. But the upside, as Steve said, using the pricing that we are to mix up in all product categories, whether it's enterprise, mixing up the capacity, clients, et cetera. But the other piece is that with the enterprise share loss last quarter because of the issue, we're regaining it. And I -- it's not that we're not we're regaining it, it's just not at our historical levels. So that certainly gives us opportunity for the next quarter. And the last piece would be now that these products are ramping pretty significantly, we're getting the cost efficiencies that will probably continue for a couple more quarters through the factories. So we got those tailwinds behind us. And of course, the one that -- why we put it near to the 30% and we're not talking how close is that there are macro concerns that we're just going to be very partial about. But our goal is to exceed what we're putting out there, but we're also being very cautious. So I think we have some good tailwinds behind us that we're looking forward to harvest.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland with Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A question on distributor revenue first, up 37% sequentially by our math. Is that just rebalancing, or is there something more going on there?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, no, it's just as we finally had product to address the channel away from the OEMs to bring it [indiscernible], it's just giving us, like I said, the ability to kind of start shipping more typically there. So they were pretty constrained, obviously, in the 2 prior quarters to that.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right. And then with LTAs, would those still comprise 60% of calendar '12 production? And should we expect to see LTAs carry into calendar '13?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I mean I think 60%, I think that number is still the right number it is. And we do have LTAs that extend into calendar year 2013. There may be even some that go beyond that. So yes, you should expect that that’d be due.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Joe Yoo with Citigroup.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question is regarding the new products. Steve, you mentioned that you're leading the industry in the new product transitions in every form factor. Can you help us understand how this advantage is translated in either volume or profitability for the company?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, as you ramp the technology, typically your newer technologies have lower cost at yield. So the further down or the further up the volume curve you are, then the further ahead in the race you are on getting to the lower cost. And so we feel that whether or not it's the 1 terabyte per disk on the 3.5 or the 500-gigabyte on the 2.5 or the host of products on the enterprise, those are just good technology points to be on in order -- as Pat said, as we ramp those and we pick up yield, which means we lower cost.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So is it fair to assume that just based on similar mix, your margins should be better than the competitor's?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, I don't know about that because I don't run my competitor's business, but it should say that as we continue to ramp our volumes, we get a positive gross margin impact from the increased volume that we get from the new products. And so we're on the front end of that ramp. And usually, once you get on to that ramp, you get some nice gross margin accretion for a couple or 3 quarters.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And for Pat, you've obviously increased your dividend in a fairly short amount of time. Can you talk about your thinking behind the recent increase and maybe just how we should be thinking about future dividend increases?
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, I mean the way we look at this first step function, Joe, is we -- I think we've effectively executed what the board authorized us to redeem the ordinary shares out there. And we did that in a fairly effective manner with the tools given to us. And so we take a look at -- just from a year-over-year with 100 million shares out, clearly the step-up is not a -- more of a significant cash outflow, just representing the existing cash flow we would have given and a commitment to where we believe the valuation could be underpinned with the ongoing cash flow. So that's step 1. And step 2, we'll continue to monitor -- as Steve said in the script, we'll continue to look at enhancing shareholder value through redemptions and dividends. And so this one was more of a step function because of what we've executed in the last year and our conviction going forward.
Stephen J. Luczo: But I think I was pretty clear that the intent of the board is to continue to increase the dividend in a meaningful manner, prudently assuming that business conditions and operating performance are as strong as they are right now and that there's a balance between how we handle that between buyback and dividends. And we're well aware of all the various constituencies and lobbying about which one of those deserve priority. But at 3x cash flow, I think everyone's -- or 4x cash flow or wherever the company's trading right now, it makes sense, obviously, to reduce the equity base and then continue to increase dividends in, as I said, in a meaningful way. So that's the plan. And I think in September, we'll probably be a little more descriptive in terms of how we view our payout ratio, if you will, and how we split that between dividends and buyback. But again, it's a dynamic situation that's driven primarily as a function of company performance and valuation metrics. We're not ignoring either one of them. We think that they're both important to enhance the value of shareholders. That's primarily driven, obviously, by our operating performance. And we're going to continue to have an active dialogue and hopefully strike a balance that satisfies both classes of investors that like to see a smaller share base and those that like to see a bigger dividend. And we honestly think we can do both, and I think we've shown that we can do both. So we'll stay on the path as long as the operating performance is there. Okay, great. So with that, I think again, on behalf of the entire management team, I want to thank our employees, our customers, partners, suppliers and shareholders for your support and your commitment, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-04-17 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Kate Scolnick -  Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William David Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Patrick J. O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Albert A. Pimentel - Chief Sales & Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Marketing
Analysts: Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Eric Sterling - Barclays Capital, Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Melanie and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Kate Scolnick, Vice President Investor Relations. Please proceed, Kate.
Kate Scolnick: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to today's call. I'm joined today by Seagate's CEO, Steve Luczo; CFO, Pat O'Malley; Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Operations; Rocky Pimentel, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer; and Ken Massaroni, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. We posted our press release and detailed supplemental information about our fiscal third quarter 2012 on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. During today's call, Steve will review highlights from the March quarter and provide the company's outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter and calendar year 2012. After that, we'll open up the call for questions. Before we get started, please note that we are hosting a Strategic Plan update for analysts and investors on September 21, with details to follow shortly. As a reminder, this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in the June 2012 quarter and thereafter, and include statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond the company's control. In particular, global economic conditions may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2011, and August 24, 2011, respectively, and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2012. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's view as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Luczo. Steve?
Stephen J. Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Seagate's third quarter results reflect strong operating performance by the company against the backdrop of a continued recovery of the hard drive industry. Our main focus this quarter were on operational execution in order to meet our customers' requirements and returning value to our shareholders. We delivered successfully on both fronts. In our fiscal third quarter, Seagate achieved revenue of $4.4 billion, diluted earnings per share of $2.48. Cash flow from operations was $938 million and we ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion in cash. Through the extraordinary efforts of our suppliers and outstanding execution from our operations, Seagate successfully delivered our portfolio of products to a broad base of customers. We also returned significant value to our shareholders this quarter, with over $1.2 billion in dividends, share repurchases and debt repurchase. The 43.1 million share repurchased during the March quarter reflected approximately 10% of the outstanding ordinary shares of the company. We increased our unit shipments by 29% over last quarter, shipping 61 million drives, which equates to approximately 42 exabytes. Shipments of our client products improved, with the notebook market almost fully recovered, as expected. We expect the market for desktop drives to remain constrained, most likely through the fall. In the enterprise, the mission-critical market segment market seems to have almost fully recovered, while business-critical continues to be constrained as demand for storage continues to increase rapidly with the ongoing build out of the cloud infrastructure. We believe we are well-positioned for these cloud-based trends because of our broad product portfolio, which represents several high-demand, sole-supply product offerings. Our Samsung label products represented approximately 13% of our shipments this quarter. We are very pleased with the value this business has brought to Seagate. We have increased manufacturing capacity and have successfully increased our additional design engineering headcount by over 25% at our Korean design center since the acquisition was completed. Gross margin for the third quarter was 37%. As expected, pricing was relatively benign in the quarter and Seagate's operational performance exceeded our expectations, as we were able to ship units at an increasing average capacity per drive with improving yields. We believe our average capacity per drive was at least 15% higher than the industry average. Our long-term agreements with our largest customers have been mutually successful and we delivered over 100% of our committed volume this quarter. The number of executed LTAs increased to 50% this quarter. We expect these long-term agreements to account for approximately 60% of our total production capacity for the calendar year. LTA pricing was more favorable to the customer than the company's average pricing, reflecting the benefit of longer-term visibility of supply and demand. Our new auction program continues to evolve and we held multiple auctions worldwide throughout the quarter, selling 100% of the products offered at or above the company's average pricing. As the industry recovered during the quarter, supply to the distribution channel improved. Distribution pricing remains well above historical spreads with respect to OEM pricing. As the drive industry works towards bringing supply and demand into balance, there are several market dynamics that remained unsettled in addition to a variety of supply constraints that have resulted in our customers mixing down their capacity requirements. Most interesting is a possible market share shift in favor of OEMs versus white box manufacturers who fulfill through distribution. The longer-term implication of these adjustments is not entirely clear yet. Regardless, we believe there remains a substantial and growing shortfall in unmet exabyte demand resulting from the supply-chain disruptions caused by the floods. Consistent with industry analyst projections, we believe that the June quarter TAM will be approximately 160 million units. Given these dynamics, the pricing environment remains benign and we are raising our non-GAAP gross margin expectation to be at least 34.5% for the June quarter. We expect to achieve revenue of at least $5 billion and operating expenses of approximately $400 million to $500 million. Fully diluted share count for the June quarter is expected to be approximately 440 million. For the second half of the calendar year, we are planning that the industry will continue its current pace of recovery, and combined with the demand for cloud infrastructure and the introduction of Win 8 and new thin and light notebook products, the December quarter TAM should exceed 185 million units. Under these conditions, we believe Seagate will maintain market share of approximately 43% and will be on track to achieve calendar 2012 revenues of at least $20 billion. In addition, we are planning for non-GAAP gross margins to remain above 30% exiting calendar 2012. With respect to our capital structure and priorities for cash, we expect to continue to return value to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases, and when appropriate, early retirement of debt. To the extent market and business conditions allow, we expect to continue the share repurchase at a pace to result in a basic share count of approximately 350 million shares by the end of the calendar year. Melanie, we're now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First question for me is that I believe last quarter, when you guys had talked about the forward expectations in the March quarter, you had assumed that the industry can produce about 130 million to 135 million drives. The industry shipped closer to 143 million. Can you help us understand the delta there? Did production come back on quicker than you had assumed or is there -- how do we think about the further burn down of the inventory in the supply chain?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think our estimates have been anywhere from, if I go back to October for the March, June, September, December 2012 quarters, anywhere from 140 million in March to 160 million in June to 180 million in September and 180 million to 190 million in December. I think when we had our call in January, the reason we were probably a little under the 140 million was that when we looked at the build rates for the first 3 weeks of January, it was extremely low. And we weren't -- it wasn't clear to us if the industry would be able to ramp to the 140 million or 140 million-plus that were shipped. And I think a lot of that was done by continuing mix down, which is done of course while addressing unit shortfall, which is good in terms of getting drives into our customers' hands, so we can keep demand overall strong. It's obviously addressing this exabyte shortage that we're focused on as well.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the follow-up question up for me is that, I'll ask it because somebody's going to ask you this, it sounds like you're going to host an Analyst Day in September. Is that the time frame in which we expect or are you willing now to throw anything out there in terms of the long-term gross margin target model that you've talked about in the past? And on top of that, is there any way to think about free cash flow generation in the context of what you guys are targeting and more comfortable in targeting through 2012?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think, clearly, by virtue of what we said today, we've indicated a strengthening of our position of what we think is going to happen through calendar 2012 relative to what we thought in January, both with respect to the June quarter margins, as well as exiting calendar year 2012. I think in terms of being in a better position at the Analyst Day to talk about the longer-term business model, absolutely, I think that we'll be in a position to do that by then, if not adding more color on the June quarter call.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And free cash flow?
Stephen J. Luczo: Same thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Steve, just going back to gross margin, could you give us -- with all the moving parts that you guys have with pricing and product cycles and capacity utilization increases, and adding Samsung, can you give us, I guess, 2 parts -- number one, what's the -- where the, I guess, the mix -- I guess the parts that have you kind of guide down a little bit, at least at the floor in June versus March. And then presumably as pricing starts to soften a little bit as we move through the year, how should we think about some of the other levers kind of layering in to support gross margin through the year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Right. Well, I guess I want to challenge that we guided down, we actually guided up relative to what we said in January. What we said in January is that we thought that the June quarter would be basically a minimum equal to what we guided in March, which was 33%, we're saying 34.5% now. Our performance in the March quarter was benefited by some really outstanding operational execution and we certainly hope to deliver on that in the June quarter as well. And if we do, then we will obviously outperform our plan of at least 34.5%. I think to your question of this is like, do you say potato, do I say potato, are margins going up, are margins going down? I think the things that are putting pressure on margins would be for us, as we continue to mix up our notebook product, and a lot of it is what we acquired from Samsung. Obviously, the notebook product pricing, so from an AUP perspective is lower than average. And then margins, we don't really talk about margins by products or markets. I'm not going to do that here. But there's also this issue that I try to point out between distribution and then the OEM distribution mix. So clearly, with the OE -- with the distribution price premium being significantly higher than historical norm right now, to the extent that distribution regains more of that white box share, then that would benefit our margins. To the extent that the OEMs continue to take share there, then that would obviously result in lower margins and we have our own view on how that all plays out, which is highly competitive. But when it's all said and done, that's how we get to our gross margin guidance. I think the other big thing, is what you hit, is we're working through some product transitions here that are pretty significant. We've really transitioned the entire portfolio over the last 6 months, which again, I think is a real statement of the company's performance operationally to not only were we chasing a supply chain that was severely disrupted but we actually were transitioning probably with the hardest technical transitions that the industry has gone through. And as we do that, as you know, that allows us to obviously have margin relief. And so as we mix up in either capacity or as we mix to the newer products and then as yields grow on those products, that would obviously benefit margins. So you got all the triggers of net-net, which ones influence the margins, which way, and our modeling basically results in the guidance that we gave.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Barclays.
Eric Sterling - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is actually Eric Sterling for Ben. I just have a quick question on the dividend. In thinking about the shrinking of the share count, your cash outlay actually declined. So can you just sort of give some thoughts around how you're planning for the dividend throughout the year? Is there any thought around increasing it?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well that's a discussion that we had at the board level. But I think we've been pretty consistent in what we've said, that we believe that a combination of buyback and dividend payment is an appropriate thing to do in terms of returning value to the shareholders. And I think we've also said that we think the concept of a payout ratio is one that makes sense. So by that sense, you're right. As we reduced our share count, it gives us more flexibility to increase the dividend. And that will be a discussion topic for the board to consider.
Eric Sterling - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I just have another question. In the release, at the end, there's actually a comment about building about 10 drives per second, which kind of implies a June quarter TAM of 79 million if taken literally. Is that sort of a number that you're comfortable with? Or am I just kind of reading too much into it?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think you're just taking a statement that we were trying to make in terms of the operational efficiency of the company and extending it through the entire quarter. So I think the point was, as we recovered in the March quarter, obviously our production was skewed. And at the end of the quarter, we were able to reach those kinds of efficiencies. We balance the supply with the demand, so we've already told you what we think the TAM is and what we think our market share is. So we'll be targeting our production and make sure supply and demand is in balance, not trying to optimize as many drives per second as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had 2 questions related, Steve, to what you're just talking about. The first one is when you mentioned the exit December quarter rate TAM. I just wanted to clarify that, you talked about 185 million drives, I think. That's where you think the industry will be and in terms of its production capacity at that point?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think what I said was that we believe there'd be a minimum of 185 million units and we tend to look to the industry analysts who are in the business of providing TAM estimates. We're one input to that, we obviously watch it very closely. But given some of the trends that we talked about in terms of cloud-based computing, the proliferation of a variety of mobile devices that drive storage up and down the device food chain, as well as Win 8 and thin and light, that we believe that a minimum of 185 million unit TAM is achievable for December. I think the industry analysts, frankly, are probably a bit above that. In terms of the drive industry's ability to respond to that, there's the drive companies and then there's the drive industry, and I'll let Dave talk to it. I think that's probably pushing the limit, but I'll let Dave talk to that in terms of what the industry can support.
William David Mosley: Really gets into the specifics of which products we're talking about. So different markets, different products have many different dynamics. I think, like Steve alluded to, the box count has gone up but the average gigabyte per drive in the industry went down appreciably as a function of this mix down to basically chase that because there was such a dearth of total HDDs in the past 6 months. Now going forward, the question is does that dynamic continue to -- at those low capacity points, if you will? Or do we start to grow up the value chain for more capacity in those sort of boxes? And then obviously with the cloud growing, those are high-capacity drives as well. So I think we'll be mixing up our components available to be able to do that. I, personally, just knowing the supply chain the way I do, I don't feel that numbers that are much more than that are really capable -- the industry is really capable of. There are a number of components still have yet to recover as a function of the flood.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If I could just ask a follow-up then. Steve, when you talked about pricing will be benign in the June quarter, is there any color you can give us on some specifics on either like-for-like or weighted average pricing for the June quarter?
Patrick J. O’Malley: This is Pat. We've gone through negotiations. Generally, we've indicated that prices are going to be relatively flat. But as Steve said, as the channel moves, we'll be competitive there. We're still very competitive. But if you look at historical rates, Keith, I'll just say benign is below that. So that's how we should look at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions about the enterprise and notebook markets, if I could. Given the commentary about basically meeting supply and demand in the quarter for those 2 segments in particular, can you just talk about with the customers that have signed LTAs, how their behavior was at the moment of balance? The market's very concerned that as soon as things get into balance, that you're going to see dramatic pricing pressure or backing away from the LTAs. So any commentary from a high level on those 2 segments given the fact that we've seen supply and demand balance in those areas?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think we already commented on pricing, Rich. I mean, pricing is effectively done for the LTA customers for the June quarter. And as Pat just indicated, there's been little change to no change in pricing overall. I would say that the behavior through the quarter is there's been a lot of continued chasing of demand, even in those 2 segments. What we've noticed is the LTA customers seem to be taking share and what's really interesting is the LTA customers with the longer-term LTAs seem to be even taking more share. And that may be a function of their ability to do some longer-range planning knowing that they have the supply available, particularly in some of these product categories where Seagate is a sole supplier and is likely to be a sole supplier for anywhere up to 12 to 18 months. So I'd say, in general, as notebook came into balance, the pricing has remained fairly stable and certainly, the same thing in mission-critical business grew [ph]. And I think pricing is really a function of an industry that has a lot of capital to recover, probably at least a couple of billion dollars have to be reabsorbed into the industry, and the supply chain is still not functioning anywhere near where we need it to be functioning, and that's our job through the rest of this year as an industry, is to be able to more closely align supply and demand with our customers' needs.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And just lastly then, on the CapEx front, you talked about in the prepared remarks, that your CapEx would be, for the quarter, below your targeted range. How long do you think you can maintain that level? There's got to be some base level of just maintenance, right? But how long do you think you can go before you might have to expand capacity?
William David Mosley: Rich, this is Dave. I think we'll do pretty well at the levels that were at, low end of the range we said 6% to 8%. That will be at the low end of the range. Until we really see a big pop in the TAM, and I think everybody's fairly conservative relative to that macroeconomically. We are through the bulk of this product transition that we talked about. So most of the technology transition, capital that we have to put in place is already in place. There will be some of what you referenced but it's more of that kind of run rate level that we're at right now. And we'll spend as we see the need for it within the lead time, but nothing major to take us up to the high end of the range, certainly.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And actually, one for Pat. Just on the authorization of the stock buyback, how much is left on that?
Patrick J. O’Malley: As of today, Rich, we authorized an additional $1 billion in the last quarter. With that -- we have made the announcement. We've just now entered into that phase. So we have $1 billion left of all authorizations in front of us. And as Steve suggested about the capital structure, we have ongoing discussions every quarter with the board and they'll continue to look at that on what the appropriate authorizations are to get us to 350 million...
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So is that $1 billion as of April 1 or of today?
Patrick J. O’Malley: Today. As of today.
Stephen J. Luczo: Rich, just on the pricing thing, back, I'm not sure that you caught the point on, first of all, the LTA pricing is below the company's average. The LTA customers are benefiting from our ability to line up our factories efficiently to meet the demand they're putting in front of us on a scheduled basis, which means then we can obviously deliver some of that cost savings to them. It's evidenced by a lower price to them. In addition, you need to recognize that we're overshipping the industry average capacity by 15%. So when you take the overall AUP deltas, either on average or if you then even apply it to the LTA customer, and then also take into effect the capacity difference, I mean, there is a very substantial savings to the LTA customer right now in terms of the pricing they're receiving.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Two questions, please. First of all, is there a way to put mix aside and talk about your manufacturing efficiencies exiting the quarter, versus, say, pre-flood levels? How much more improvements do you think you have to make relative to the supply chain and just your own internal production? And then secondly, Pat, could you just talk about your receivable days and it spiked up a little bit during the quarter versus sales growth. Where do you expect to see that, say, exiting the June quarter?
William David Mosley: Steven, this is Dave. I'll handle the new product yields first. Actually, we made appreciable progress in the last 6 months. While some of the time was, I'll say, slow time in manufacturing because of the flood, the new product yields improved quite substantially. I'm not happy. I'm never going to be totally happy with them but they're way ahead of plan right now and that's flowing through our numbers quite a bit. Are we done yet? There's a couple of product transitions that I think we still have yet to finish but I'd say, like we talked about last quarter, mission-critical, business-critical, those are the product transitions are complete now. The desktop transition is largely complete and we'll balance that as time goes on. And then notebook products are still in the process of transitioning. The notebook yields, though, I'm very happy with the progress we've made last quarter. So mix aside, I think in these products we're doing well.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: But, in aggregate, you're saying there's more room to improve efficiency, say, over the next couple of quarters?
William David Mosley: Always, yes. I certainly think so. I mean, we still are not at some of the historical levels that I want to be at on some of these new products so there's work to do.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: And then just, Pat, on the receivables?
Patrick J. O’Malley: As Steve alluded to about the January, when we looked at January production and as Dave talked about how we got much more operationally efficient, it was a great quarter from that aspect, but as you can imagine with that, we delivered a lot of product towards the end just because that's when it was coming online. So a lot of this was driven from linearity, not really Ts and Cs or anything like that. So I'd certainly target as we go through our growth curve, to get back to steady-state, that would be sub-50 and closer to historical, about 48 days. So I would expect to get those days working capital back, but this as a function of linearity and sort of the growth projection we had throughout the quarter.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: And is that a reasonable target exiting June or is it going to take longer?
Patrick J. O’Malley: I think that's what we'd target to. I mean, June's always a fun quarter. But I think, as Dave's run the factory as it is [ph], I think we certain -- should target under 50 because it's running much more linear this quarter than it was last quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last question. First, I understand you saw operational efficiencies as you moved through the quarter, but did you also see some improvement in demand and pulls from your OEM customers that would be constructive on the overall demand environment moving into June?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, again, I don't want to talk too specifically about customers. I already made a comment about customers sets [ph], where we do believe that the OEMs are at least in this environment, taking share probably from the white box companies. So we did see that as an improvement in the quarter, Katy, because I don't think we had planned aggressively for it at the beginning of the quarter. And I think as the quarter evolves and they're gaining more confidence that, that may be a more sustainable share shift, then, yes, we do see strength there and that's one of the reasons I think that even for some of our products like in the notebook segment, we were continuing to chase demand for LTA customers through the quarter. And that's why I was saying in the scripted part of the call, that depending on how that plays out in the near term and long term, it may be kind of a structural shift that -- in our customer base that we'll have to adjust to.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And Pat, as DSOs normalize in the June quarter, can we get back to that $1 billion-plus quarterly free cash flow target that you had said back in January?
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes, absolutely. I mean, right now, as you can imagine it, we're growing through the -- from going from 40 million units, to plus 60 to plus 70, we're chewing up working capital going there. But that's -- once it gets into, as Steve talked, as TAM stabilizes, our share stabilizes, we can run a fairly stable model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Evercore Partners.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I wonder if I could just ask a question on mission-critical, you said units were good and you said the industry looks almost fully recovered. I recognize it's not the easiest time to be probably looking at long-term trends. But if you look forward there, when you combine flash at the high end and then near-line growth, which has been obviously there's a lot more demand probably than supply right now at the low end, I mean, do you think of that mission-critical, traditional, 10K certainly 15K market being a growth market looking forward? Or is this kind of -- how do you look at that kind of beyond the next couple of quarters? Is there positive growth, negative growth?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, I think absolutely it's a growth market. I mean the enterprise -- the strain on the enterprise numbers, regardless of how you split it between mission-critical and business-critical, which gets in the probably [ph] more art than science at this point. That's where all the petabyte growth is and whether or not it is private or public clouds to changing infrastructure that is back-end storage weighted. And as long as bandwidth keeps opening up, that's the architectural shift that's probably going to occur. So I think there's absolutely big growth and whether or not it's some sliver or Tier 0, that's SSD or bigger piece of Tier 0 that's hybrid or the rest of it, which is 95% of it, which is going to be rotating mass storage. That's just the big petabyte growth requirement that we're going to be chasing hard as an industry. In the enterprise, those numbers are probably in the 40% to 50% annual growth rates and their density growth, as you know, is half that. So that's a big puzzle for the industry to solve. And therefore, I think the demand requirements in the supply demand and balance is going to be something we're chasing for a while.
Robert Cihra - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And within business-critical, do you see that as something that the industry gets back to recovery coming out of the June quarter or is that still you think a couple more quarters, because it seems to be still the tightest?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, it's hard for us to say because we're uniquely positioned there with a couple of products that are in very high demand that I mentioned, we're sole supplier on and just, architecturally, we will be for a good period of time. So there's a lot of growth in the cloud in the near-line business-critical space in general and then for our products in particular. So we're going to be running hard to meet that demand, I think, certainly through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Yoo with Citi.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Steve, I just wanted to get, I guess, back to the gross margin question. There has been some concerns that you are incurring some additional costs as you try to help the supply-chain in Thailand recover. I was just wondering how -- if any were of an impact to the gross margin that you posted this quarter and then if anything is embedded in the June quarter guidance?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I mean, absolutely. We've done a lot to support the supply base in different forms that some of which have hit the gross margin line as you indicate. And yes, I mean, this is back to the point, this is a structural change and so we believe that will be structurally in place. This is how our industry supply-chain recovers and there's going to be costs that get capitalized throughout the supply chain that's going to be have to be absorbed by us and our Downstream customers. And that's the reality of a structural change. I don't know Dave, if you want to add anything else.
William David Mosley: I'll just say that the suppliers, in general, have done a nice job of trying to recover the volumes as well, which helps them quite a bit as they're pulling that structure back together as well.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess more specifically, I'm just looking at the guidance and obviously, you want to provide a range, a pretty wide range, but just taking really the conservative route and going to 34.5%, a lot of what Steve has mentioned is actually positive. We could make a good case that gross margins could actually expand sequentially. So I'm trying to get a handle on what...
Stephen J. Luczo: That's why we raised the minimum from 33% to 34.5%, Joe.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I mean, what is the biggest concern to gross margins, I guess, more directly to the June quarter?
Patrick J. O’Malley: I don't think it's concern as much as sort of opting...
Stephen J. Luczo: I guess I'm not understanding the question, Joe. We just said we raised our minimum guidance from 33% to 34.5%.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I understand that and that's well taken. It's just that you posted 37.5% and you're saying at least 34.5% but as you know, a lot of people will just interpret that as 34.5%.
Stephen J. Luczo: I'm not going to get in a dialogue about what people are going to say. We said, our minimum is 34.5% and we also gave you the pieces of what could put pressure on margin. I think it was the very first question. I don't know if you were on the call or not. If you weren't, I'll just repeat it briefly. One is that there seems to be a shift going on right now between OEMs and distribution. That's not clearly understood in terms of how long it's going to last. But to the extent that it's a more permanent shift and given the fact that distribution pricing is substantially higher than OEM, then that would obviously reduce in the lower margin structure. At Seagate, because of our share gains in notebook, as a result of the Samsung acquisition, our mix is basically increasing more notebook drives and that's putting margin pressure on us as well. And then to your point, we hope to offset that with mix up and with yield improvement. Did I miss anything?
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Fair enough. The other question's on share repo, to Pat, I wanted to get a sense of what -- how you see the pace of share repo for the next 3 quarters. Obviously, you bought a lot more than the normal pace in the first quarter -- first calendar quarter. So just get a gauge of how you plan to pace for the next 3 quarters.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, we target 350 million by the year end, if you want to do a linear basis, you can certainly model for that. That's probably the best way. I'm not looking to super time market. We have a plan in place, a structured plan, and we've been pretty regular about those purchases. So that would be the way I'd model it. Sometimes you might see a little different, but it's modeling a linear base is probably the fairest way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Miller with Noble.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to talk about this margin situation. You said that Samsung is going to try to be reducing them, but if you internally supply heads and media to Samsung in the long-term, won't that be a significant boost?
Stephen J. Luczo: We don't disclose what our long-term plans are with respect to internal heads and media, other than the high-level numbers that we give, Mark. As you know that today, those are heads that are supplied by TDK, you're right. I think you're also aware that we have a pretty significant partnership with TDK going forward and we expect to continue that. So all of that is taken into consideration. But I think the point more about Samsung was, is that overall, notebook margins are probably not the highest margin business that the carry, so to the extent that we increase our relative exposure there, that could put pressure on margins.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: There has been some debate recently, but you said the inventories in the channel are still fairly modest. Could you give us in terms of weeks, is it a week? Is it 2 weeks currently?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think it's hard to say because it was so back-end skewed. The channel is kind of like the last customer base, if you will, to kind of get a flow of drive certainly from Seagate as we supported our LTA customers. And again, I think there's also this issue around, how much of the channel business is being fulfilled by the systems vendor. So it's not really a comment on the health of our channel partners because they're fine. They can either take drives and motherboards and sell them to white box companies or they can ship whole systems and there might be an argument that says they actually like shipping whole systems better. I think with the price deltas at the component level that we've seen going into the channel, that's provided an opportunity for the OEMs, and especially for the OEMs that have had supply visibility through the LTAs to gain share. How that plays out, I think, is a good question and we're just going to have to watch it. That's one of the issues around, if you will, supply in the channel. So we're watching it very closely and to the extent that we feel that the channel isn't moving the product, then we'll probably see that in the OEM side, because clearly, at the end of the day, all those bars and systems integrators need disk drives.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Just finally, would it be fair to say that the channel's certainly below seasonable norms for this time of the year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Craig with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two question on the OpEx for Pat. Pat, can you maybe take us through what sort of leverage you think you can get on the OpEx line here as you continue to move forward? And then secondly, maybe for Steve, from an Ultrabook perspective, if you want to call them that or thin and light, whatever the right terminology is, when do you think the hybrids really start to penetrate that market from a timing perspective?
Patrick J. O’Malley: On the OpEx, I think, actually we've leveraged it fairly well. We take a very minimal expense with the Samsung team and add that revenue fairly effectively. So at that $400 million level, I wouldn't say that's a high watermark, but we'll certainly target that model over the coming months to probably a year. And so there's some leverage capabilities in there but I think we've done a pretty good job in there. So we're not really looking to tune that up and shed anything significantly. In fact, we'd probably look at areas that we might need to make more investment but I think we could fit in that range of that $400 million. So I don't think that's anything that we're looking to take a big step function down.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think in terms of thin and light, that we do believe that obviously is kind of a next generation of the notebook the next incarnation of the notebook. And we believe it's going to be a very successful form factor of product. And hybrid probably plays a very big role there and when that happens is clearly a function of when you can get MLC flash working in those products. Because then you're at a cost difference that's pretty compelling in terms of versus an SSD and the performance differential being negligible. And when does that happen, I think it starts happening at the end of this year, but in terms of volume shipments and adaptation, I think you're looking at calendar 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with JPMorgan.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A few questions. First, have you ever given us the breakdown in terms of the LTAs? What's the composition of OEM versus distribution?
Patrick J. O’Malley: No, we haven't but we just characterize the vast majority of our top customers, which you would think of large OEMs. But that's how we'd characterize it and I think that's probably the best way to think about it.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then within that composition of being primarily OEM, has there been any one OEM or another that's take on a greater or less of that composition over the last, call it, 2 months? In terms of changes?
Stephen J. Luczo: What do you mean? I'm sorry.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let's say OEM A, maybe at one time they were 15% of the total base. Now they need a lot more from you. Now they sign on for even more LTAs. Now they're suddenly like 35% or 40% of that base. Are you seeing any sort of outsized changes or is it pretty linear?
Stephen J. Luczo: So there were different volume commitments by Seagate to different OEMs, which represented different percentages of what that OEM buys. So you're talking about percentages and absolute numbers here. So in some cases, we could have had a lower percentage but a bigger absolute number than this other guy that had a higher percentage, but a lower absolute number, right, depending on how big that customer was. The question is, have we seen general increase in demand by those LTA customers? And the answer is, yes. Has that been relatively stronger with certain customers than others? And the answer is, yes.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I could do a follow-up to the yes and yes part. Within that context, are there any customers who are taking on more of the lower capacity versus higher capacity? I think probably at the lower capacity...
Stephen J. Luczo: No.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm trying to get a sense in terms of gross margin overage -- are you getting a better benefit from some of these customers versus others because of their shift to the lower capacity versus high-capacity or vice versa?
Stephen J. Luczo: No.
Mark A Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then as far as just looking out here, trying to get a sense in terms of the significant amount of cash flow that Seagate has been generating. Do you guys feel that there's a need to accelerate some of these advanced technologies, pulling forward some of that move to hammer and other stuff just because you have such a great market position and cash flow position? Or is that kind of getting too cute?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I don't know if it's getting too cute. I think it's just we're advancing those technologies as fast as we can right now. We weren't R&D expense or capital limited prior to this to driving that technology as fast as the technology will allow it to be driven. So we're still on that pace. I think the different question might be is there other technologies maybe not related to HDDs that we're looking at? That's a different question. But with respect to HDD technologies, it hasn't really changed the pace or the amount of investment that we're putting into our core underlying technologies or into our product development.
Kate Scolnick: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland with Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to ask about auctions, just some more color. What you learned? How frequent they'll be? And is it fair to assume that these auctions would impact the OEM distributor dynamic you talked about, Steve?
Stephen J. Luczo: I'll let Rocky talk to you. Let me just give a general answer. I think it's -- this is still something that we're learning and we expect to kind of continue to learn from over a period of time. And so every quarter, we're trying something slightly different to see what works for us and what works for our customer. We get the feedback from our customers in terms of what they liked and what they didn't like and we try to make adjustments. And as a result of that, I don't think we want to get in a position of saying we're going to have fewer than or more than or whatever quarter-to-quarter because it really still is a learning process here. But in general, we've been very pleased with the results, both in terms of what we have learned every auction. You go into it expecting certain things. A lot of times you are right, sometimes you're wrong. You get to learn a few things you are wrong about. And I think in terms of validating that the marginal price of this technology is quite valuable. It's been proven out. And today, that's been done with products that maybe are not as scarce as some of our other products that we might auction going forward. So we get a better sense about the margin, what are some of our products worth that are very high demand. These are all the elements that we're testing out. And Rocky, would you want to add to that?
Albert A. Pimentel: Yes. It's an indication there. We're pretty excited about the results of the auctions we held this quarter. I would say that they exceeded our, going into the quarter, expectations. I think it's an indication of sort of creative thought that we continue to perpetuate across the management team at Seagate, developing a whole new sales channel that we see longer-term becomes an important information gathering point, as well as indicator around the market and the products we're offering. I think also we'll see it as a key tool in some of the spot market characteristics and behaviors, we'll have a better understanding of, as Steve talked about, the marginal value of key products, as well as what the behavior in the market is. So we're pretty excited about using this, one, again as another sales channel and two, as a realtime dynamic information validation tool.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And last question for me on Toshiba, they're obviously going to benefit from some regulatory stipulations here recently, but what are you seeing now and what do you expect? And is it still fair to assume a longer-term percent of the market at around 20% by units approximately?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think it's tough, especially if the TAM plays out to the 185 million going to 200 million in the next year, let's call it. That's 20% of that number is a long way away from where they're at today, which is a fairly substantial capital investment, which it's not clear that the parent companies' choices are going to be optimized around disk drive given all the other pressures that the Toshiba Corporation has relative to its competitive footprint on its real business. That being said, I think Toshiba is a very tough competitor. They do very well with certain products and we expect that they're going to continue to be a relevant player in the tune of 14% to 16% market share, which is still a nice business. But I think it's a little hard to see where the capital would come from to grow it to the numbers you're talking about. That would be 40 million units a quarter. That's a long way from home. All right. Thanks, everyone. I just wanted to comment that the company's performance during this unprecedented time has really put us on a course for continuing success and I really want to thank our employees and our customers, our partners and especially, our suppliers, as they work with us to recover, for their continued hard work and perseverance. We look forward to updating you on our longer-term strategic plan at our Analyst and Investor Meeting on September 21. Thanks a lot everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William David Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Albert A. Pimentel - Chief Sales & Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Marketing Patrick J. O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kevin M. Hunt - Auriga USA LLC, Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christian D. Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Seagate Technology's Fiscal Second Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Melanie, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in the December 2011 quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond the company's control. In particular, global economic conditions and significant disruption to the industry supply chain from the severe flooding throughout parts of Thailand may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2011, and August 24, 2011, respectively, and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2011. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you, Melanie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me from Seagate are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Operations; Rocky Pimentel, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer; and Ken Massaroni, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. We have posted detailed supplemental information about our fiscal second quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. In today's call, I will review the results for the December 2011 quarter, provide an update on our Thailand operations and our view of the impact of the flooding, share our progress on the Samsung hard drive business integration and provide our outlook for our fiscal third and fourth quarters, as well as calendar year 2012. After that, we'll open up the call to questions and answers. For the December quarter, the industry shipped approximately 119 million units, which was within our expected range. Seagate reported revenue of $3.2 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.32. We shipped 47 million units during the quarter, and our non-GAAP gross margin was 31.7%. We ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in cash. The disaster in Thailand affected a vast number of individuals and thousands of businesses. Although the industry is continuing to increase output, it's important to note that while many observers tend to believe that mid to late October was the low point of industry production, we believe the low point was closer to mid-December. Seagate's geographically diversified factory footprint and broad supply chain provided inherent advantages that mitigated the impact of the floods to Seagate's operations, although many of our external component suppliers are still working to recover their businesses and return to full capacity. We have been very impressed with the response and efforts of our suppliers, who have worked tirelessly to rebound from the effects of the flooding. There are still clear challenges that lie ahead in our component supply chain. And to help address the gaps in various product lines, Seagate has worked with its customers and suppliers on aggressive qualifications of new parts and factories, allowing us to match precious supply to end demand. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Mosley, who will provide more detail on the situation in Thailand.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Steve. The human tragedy that surrounds the flooding in Thailand is deeply troubling, and our thoughts go out all of those affected, especially our employees and their families. To put the disaster in an economic perspective, it is by some measures the fourth-largest natural disaster in history. So far, estimates are at $45 billion of damage, and 13 million lives were disrupted. The damages done by the flooding created by far the most stressful quarter in the history of the disk drive supply chain. The flood was most impactful in the industrial parks approximately 30 miles north of downtown Bangkok, where 7 of our top 10 suppliers suffered direct factory damage. As a result, all of our 20-plus product platforms experienced some form of supply interruption, and for a few products, the damage brought down the supply lines completely. Components have had varying degrees of challenges in the recovery. Specifically, a large portion of the precision machining capability that supports the hard drive industry, the motors and base decks to actuators and specialty mechanical parts, were catastrophically lost. In some cases, various fixtures were salvaged, while in other cases our suppliers have had to rush to secure new tooling. To date, over 200 requalifications have occurred for motor base assemblies alone. Also, many cleanroom facilities that support the industry, where contamination control is critical, were destroyed. Even certain electrical component manufacturing was damaged, impacting parts from IC packaging to individual discretes like capacitors. In addition, we're seeing much longer than usual lead times for certain pieces of capital equipment. Some sub-suppliers have limited access to capital to rebuild their systems and get back online, and Seagate is working with many of its suppliers to provide assistance where it can to accelerate the return of those businesses. Examples include temporary changes in payment terms, adaptation of our product portfolio to match their capabilities and assistance in funding for capital equipment. We believe these structural changes occurring in the supply chain today will have a lasting impact on the long-term structure of the industry. We are also working to ensure these relationships will lessen future risks in supply chain disruptions. With these impacts and the temporary underutilization of our in-house capacity, our average unit costs went up approximately $2.50 in the December quarter. I would like to thank our suppliers for their efforts in these trying times. In particular, vendors have shown their dedication to our industry and our mutual end-customers to prioritize urgent product gaps and restore high-quality production as soon as possible. Steve?
Stephen J. Luczo: Thanks, Dave. In response to the supply chain disruptions in the December quarter, Seagate dramatically reduced product configuration complexity and moved the vast majority of our fulfillment process to direct factory shipments. These efforts have fundamentally altered demand planning dynamics with our customers and have resulted in a much better alignment of supply and demand. We expect that these improvements to supply chain management will become standard practice as our industry fully recovers over the course of calendar 2012, benefiting our industry, suppliers and customers. Our average selling price per unit for the quarter was approximately $13 higher than they were in the September quarter. While market conditions would have clearly supported a higher price for our products across our portfolio, we balance this condition with the needs of our customers and suppliers, as well as our objective for more stability in our margins. We made the business decision to trade a short-term, profit-maximizing opportunity for long-term commitments from customers, stronger relationships and more stable margins. As a result of improvements in supply-demand alignment and our approach to pricing, nearly all of our largest customers have entered into binding long-term agreements or LTAs to ensure continuity of their hard disk drive supply. Some of these LTAs extend for multiple years. LTAs of this nature are new to the disk drive industry and represent a structural change in the way we do business. These agreements are mutually beneficial and improve the strategic alignment between Seagate and its customers by improving forecast accuracy, unit volume and pricing visibility, product build planning and logistics. The executed LTAs are expected to account for an excess of 60% of our total production capacity during the calendar year. These volume commitments were made while considering our broader business, which includes the global distribution channel, our own branded retail business and other OEMs who have not executed LTAs. We are receiving additional requests for LTAs from our customers, and we will evaluate our ability to meet those requests while ensuring that our customers have adequate supply to achieve their business objectives. The current industry environment has also created changes within our distribution channel, including the elimination of programs that historically have complicated pricing and reduced transparency. We believe these changes will improve the profitability of our distribution partners and also result in better alignment of supply and demand, reducing the potential for excess inventory. Finally, in order to provide our customers another channel to access Seagate products, we are planning to auction approximately 200,000 drives later this week. In addition to making drives available for those qualified customers not covered by an LTA or where LTA volumes are not sufficient to cover their needs, this will allow us to fully understand and gauge marginal pricing. We have over 50 customers already committed to participate in the first auction. Our current expectation is that we will be conducting auctions periodically during this and future quarters.  As previously mentioned, product configurations were dramatically reduced in the December quarter. As a result, we have accelerated most of the critical product transitions we discussed in last quarter's call. We prioritized transitions in desktop, nearline and mission-critical to speed volume recovery, and we have made substantial progress in manufacturing yields across all these programs. Our 500-gigabyte per disk notebook products are still on the plan, and they will be substantially completed with this transition in the next 6 months.  As previously reported, we closed the acquisition of Samsung's hard drive business on December 19, and our integration of the Samsung business is largely complete, and the transition has progressed as expected. The logistics to complete the shift of Samsung's disk drive operations to Seagate's system are closely coordinated, and the completion of this move is a testament to the solid work of our integration and operations team. In the final weeks of 2011, Seagate shipped approximately 700,000 Samsung drives using Seagate's global systems. The acquisition includes the addition of Samsung's Spinpoint M8 series to Seagate's 2.5-inch product portfolio. This product delivers industry-leading capacity and is a volume leader that will significantly improve Seagate's position as a supplier of 2.5-inch products. As with many other product lines, external component shortages resulting from the Thailand floods have constrained the production of this product. We are now seeing incremental improvements in the ramp of this product and expect ongoing improvements throughout the calendar year. We are excited about the broader ongoing relationship with Samsung and are pleased to welcome the Samsung employees that have joined Seagate at our new Korean design center and in the sales organization. With respect to our forecast for the remainder of the fiscal and calendar year, it is our belief that as a result of the structural damage to the supply chain, there is substantial and growing shortfall in unmet exabyte demand. We believe that the exabyte demand is growing at 40% per year, while areal density growth is increasing at less than 25% per year. We continue to expect that calendar 2012 unit demand will exceed supply, that the exabyte shortage will be more pronounced than the unit shortage, and that price declines on a like-for-like basis will be relatively benign throughout the year. We believe the industry will likely exit the calendar year with approximately 100 exabytes of unmet demand. Based on Seagate's average capacity per drive shipped last quarter, which was the highest in the industry, this exabyte shortfall equates to approximately 150 million units. For the March quarter, we are expecting drive shipments of at least 60 million units, revenues to be at least $4.3 billion, gross margins to exceed 33% and operating expenses of approximately $405 million. Based on share repurchases completed during the month of January, fully diluted share count used in the EPS calculation is expected to be 465 million shares. For the June quarter, we expect that our supply chain capabilities will continue to improve, which will result in revenues of at least $5 billion and gross margins comparable to those expected for the March quarter. In light of the persistent supply-demand imbalances that we believe will exist throughout the calendar year, combined with greater visibility due to our LTAs, we currently expect a relatively benign pricing environment resulting in revenues of at least $20 billion for calendar year 2012. With respect to the capital structure and our priorities for cash, we expect to continue our practice of returning value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase throughout the calendar year 2012. To the extent market conditions allow, we expect to engage in share repurchases, which should result in a share count of approximately 350 million by the end of the calendar year. Last week, the Seagate board authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which adds to the approximately $900 million remaining from the December 2010 authorization. Additionally, the board approved a 39% increase to our quarterly dividend from $0.18 to $0.25 per share. We believe these actions will help us maximize value for our shareholders and demonstrate our ongoing confidence in the business. Melanie, we're now open -- ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Two questions basically related to the same subject, which is mix. You mentioned that like-for-like pricing should be flattish in the quarter, but you didn't talk about the impact of platter density, I guess, improving as the year goes on. And also served market priorities going forward with regard to mix relative to branded, et cetera. Could you just sort of walk through what that means for pricing and gross margins?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I -- I mean, Pat. I mean, I think we did say that we basically expect pricing to be benign for like-for-like for the year. If average drive capacity increases, then that would imply an ASP increase. And that's a function really of our recovery on components, our ability to deliver higher and higher capacity, Steven. As you know in the last quarter, we were up about 5% quarter-over-quarter, which will probably be the high-water mark for the industry. And we hope to improve upon that moving forward as we get stronger supply on the component side to build some of the shortages that are particularly heavy in the business-critical area.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: And then just to follow up on that, is there any way to prioritize or let us in a little bit on your thinking about what you're going to prioritize in terms of the served markets going forward, how much you can put more into the branded market given these LTAs, et cetera?
Stephen J. Luczo: Again, the LTAs were -- the volume commitments made for the LTAs were made in consideration of the other markets that we have to serve, so as I pointed out, that's global distribution, that's our branded business and that's other OEM customers that don't have LTAs. So if you add all that up, it's obviously, it's in excess of what our capacity is. And so our ability to first address the market opportunities that our customers are presenting to us is the strategic decision Seagate's made, and the give for that was a commitment on behalf of the customers to engage with Seagate for 1 or more years. So we're going to obviously serve the retail channel as we can, but we're pretty heavily committed to our LTA customers and our global distribution partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Miller with Noble Financial.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Just want to clarify. You said there would be 150 million units of unmet demand. What -- is that by the end of the calendar year or the fiscal year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, Mark. The way we're getting to that calculation is for the calendar year, we believe the growing exabyte demand will be about 100 exabytes. That might be more heavily weighted towards enterprise, both in nearline and mission-critical. And what we did is basically took our average capacity per drive to get to the 150 million units. So it's a calendar year statement, which basically means that we believe the impacts of the flooding are going to be felt well into 2013 in terms of trying to address the needs of customers to acquire storage.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: What would you project as the industry capacity in the September quarter?
Stephen J. Luczo: The September quarter of 2012?
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Stephen J. Luczo: Our industry's capacity? Well, the drive industry or the component industry? Because those are 2 different questions.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Well, what would be the pacing capacity?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think we still believe in the September quarter that it's probably going to be components. I think if you asked about drive capacity against the TAM, that's likely to be 180 million to 200 million unit TAM, will be below that, but I think that the component aspect of that will be even below the drive aspect.
Mark S. Miller - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: So no more than 190 million -- 180 million to 190 million for the available shipping capacity?
Stephen J. Luczo: No, what I said was less than that. I said the TAM, I believe, will be 180 million to 200 million, depending on what your view of Windows 8 is, which ours is pretty positive. The drive industry, I don't think, will get to those levels, and then the component constraints will be even below that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Steve, you talked about how you're doing a direct shipment to the OEMs in this environment. Is that in lieu of JIT hubs or are JIT hubs still included in that view? And then would you expect to go back to JIT hubs later in the year when supply gets better or do you think you can keep it this way, directly shipping to the customers or their manufacturing centers?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I'll let Dave answer the first part after I answer the second part, which is the customer behavior has clearly shifted as a result of what's happened to the supply chain. And if you think about it, it's not all bad. So for those customers that have been able to take advantage of the direct ship and then revenue that product fairly quickly, thereby avoiding kind of the inventory holding period that goes on in JIT hubs, they're going to be obviously advantaged to continue to do that, which would make me think that the competitors that aren't able to do that are going to have to address that pretty quickly. So as I said, we expect that these changes that are occurring in terms of better and quicker alignment between supply and demand, at the end of the day, are going to sustain themselves because certain companies are clearly using it to their advantage to take market share currently. Dave, do you want to add anything?
William David Mosley: No, Rich, I don't have a lot to add. We went through this transformation fairly quickly, and it's been fairly positively received as well, because people just wanted line of sight to the supply. I don't see that changing anytime in the near term, and we would have to discuss whether we change it in the future. But right now, with today's service models, I don't see it changing.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then from a technology perspective, the Samsung 500-gig notebook drives have been pretty well received. If they could have shipped more, it would have been even better received. You're keeping your 500-gig notebook plans in place. Is that a go-forward decision or is that just for the moment? Or can you just talk about the synergies between the roadmaps?
Stephen J. Luczo: Sure. The Samsung product is a 9.5-millimeter, 1-terabyte, 2-disk product primarily. It obviously can be less capacity to that. Our Singapore product is a 7-millimeter product, Rich, so it's really targeted as a drive for the ultrabook market.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then lastly, it seems a little silly to ask about inventory levels, but because there seems to be some confusion in the market, and I kind of need to do so, can you just talk about what you're seeing in U.S. inventory in the channel and then North American inventory and then what's out there in Asia?
Stephen J. Luczo: This -- I mean, Rocky, you want...
Albert A. Pimentel: Yes, Rich. We -- this is Rocky. We still see a pretty constant flow in the non-OEM channels, and certainly, the channel has been probably the -- suffering the most from the standpoint of availability of the drives, so we still see healthy demand and continuing flow. We don't see any inventory buildup at this point. In fact, as Steve mentioned on the -- on his prepared comments, we've had tremendous reception on our auction concept, because the non-OEM customers see it as a great way for them to access additional products, so all the anecdotal evidence is we still a pretty healthy channel flow.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I think for us, Rich, where there might be inventory that's not moving as quickly as you might think given the magnitude of the shortages, those tend to be pretty low-capacity offerings, and Seagate was able to obviously bat [ph] half the mix down. So from our product perspective, we feel that the product we're putting into the channel is moving quite quickly.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And it's helpful to put out the $20 billion tough [ph] guidance, so that'll be fun tomorrow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Yoo with Citigroup.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to get a better sense of what's happening on pricing within the channel. I think there is some concern that channel pricing, which is still about 50% or 60% above pre-flood levels for Seagate, might come down pretty meaningfully downwards as supply actually moves closer to demand. I mean, can you give us a sense of what your expectations are for channel pricing for Seagate for the next 2 quarters?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I mean, I think -- again, I think that we've been pretty articulate what we think pricing is going to be like overall for Seagate. I think you have to also look at what pricing was like for our competitors and us. I mean typically, Seagate would be $10 to $12 a unit ASP higher given our mix. In this quarter, it looks like we're $2 lower, which means, obviously, that disparity was probably across all channels but probably particularly evident in the distribution channel. So I don't think you should read into what other people might have to do in channel pricing what we have to do in channel pricing. We've tried to keep our pricing competitive in light of the constraints, but as I said also, leave it at levels where we don't have a lot of fluctuation to our gross margin. So in certain capacity points, pricing seems to have affected demand, and therefore, when you're running a portfolio as broad as ours, there's always opportunity to generate gross profit dollars that are a function of pricing and volume. But overall, I would not expect any drastic reduction in our pricing in any one of our go-to-market channels.
Joe Yoo - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And for Pat, I wanted to get a better sense of your dividend policy. Obviously, you've increased it meaningfully last week. Do you have any targets in mind whether it be payout ratios or a minimum dividend yield? Is your plan to increase it consistently every year? Any color would be appreciated.
Patrick J. O’Malley: I don't know that we're quite viewing it as a payout ratio. Probably over as time evolves, as we go through this normalization, however you guys want to characterize it, but we look to returning a percentage of our cash flow as a payout ratio, not necessarily yield. And -- but this year, we just felt with the acceleration of the earnings model and the cash model that we got ahead of it as a combination of the share repurchase and the dividend increase as a balanced way to reward our shareholders and returning capital to them. So I would say it was a policy-driven thing as more as a relooking at our model for the next year, and we'll continue to assess that generally from year to year.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I think, Joe, that the -- clearly, with our intent to reduce the share count, that allows us a lot of flexibility to increase dividend and not increase cash outlay. So we think they work hand in hand, and we're trying to be thoughtful in terms of the total cash flow that we expect the company to be able to generate over the next several years. What's that split between obviously returning first and foremost into our own business to drive our technical leadership, and then how do we return to shareholders in the form of dividend and share repurchase? And I think we've had -- we have a pretty good balance here and we're always open to suggestions. But as one of the few tech companies paying a dividend or one certainly that -- the few that pay at the yield we do, we certainly think we're striking a balance that shows our confidence in the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Hunt with Auriga.
Kevin M. Hunt - Auriga USA LLC, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. First, I continue to get lots of questions on pushback on the long-term agreements, generally the pushback of the long lines of OEMs, and what are of those when push comes to shove a year from now? So maybe you could give us a little assurance on what are the mechanisms to ensure that they can't reneg on those? And the second question is really on the hybrid drive, if you could give a little more color on -- those all obviously have a big push from Intel coming late in the year, and what the positioning is there for you guys. And maybe what other -- what the competitors are at, at this point?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, on the LTAs, I guess I would start by saying if you don't think the CEOs of the companies that have signed these contracts are worth the signature on the paper, you may wonder if you should be owning any of their stocks either. These are firm contracts that are negotiated in terms of volume commitments and our commitment to supply, and they have conditions around them in terms of pricing and availability. And they're not contracts that you can decide 6 months from now that you really didn't want to enter into. I think the bigger point, which if anyone is not understanding, these contracts are extremely beneficial to our customers. They came about because customers that understood the implications of the supply chain disruption understood that access to this technology is going to be absolutely critical to deliver the solutions they're delivering. And while historically, maybe people look to say, "How do I save $0.50 or $1 buying a disk drive?" what people learned over the last 6 months is that by doing that, you're putting at risk, sometimes, anywhere to 10x to 12x that amount in revenue. So I mean, 1 million disk drives going to a customer is going to generate today even on the client $300 million or $400 million or $500 million or $600 million of revenue, depending on what your client base is. And on the enterprise, of course, the numbers are probably 10x that. So this is an opportunity, I think, for a lot of the customers to basically assure themselves that they have access to the product so they can then do their planning, and especially when it's against a big shortfall in demand. I guess the analogy I use is if you lost 1/3 of the oil production in the world and everyone realized what that meant in terms of availability to gas for your car or fuel for your home, and you happen to have a relationship with a station owner down the block that happened to have stations all over the world, and they offered you the ability to basically get fuel whenever you wanted to at competitive prices, would you view that as an advantage or a disadvantage? I think it's pretty clear it's an advantage. So we have a lot of confidence that these contracts will be adhered to. They are involving the highest level of executives at the companies that we engage with them. They are mutually beneficial, they are competitive and they're giving these companies a great capability to plan their businesses going forward. And in an environment like we said, where we believe there's going to be an exabyte shortage that could -- that goes into 2013. With respect to a hybrid technology, we -- as you know, we're on our second generation of hybrid technology moving into our third generation of hybrid technology, and we're quite confident that the performance and cost aspects of the devices that we'll be delivering over the summer will be best-in-class and basically will have SSD-quality performance with marginal cost adder [ph], so we believe this is a big category for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had 2, if I could. Pat, is there any cash flow targets you could provide for the March quarter or more broadly for CY '12?
Patrick J. O’Malley: I think we have a philosophy around our business of keeping enough cash free [ph] liquidity. I mean, we certainly have shown in the past that we can run that number as low as $800 million. But for our business, we look to keep $1 billion-plus of cash on the balance sheet, and then we generate at least $1 billion-plus of cash flow. So but that -- so looking at both aspects of the flow and what we'd like to have gross on the balance sheet.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So sorry if I misunderstood that, but how much free cash flow do you think you can -- if you're going to do $20 billion in revenues this year, how much free cash flow do you think you can spin off of that $20 billion?
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, we can do -- I mean, you're talking about $1 billion a quarter, at least, so you could model that, but it's certainly north of $1 billion a quarter.
Stephen J. Luczo: I mean, you guys can model that. We've given you basically revenues and our view on at least pricing through -- margins through halfway through the year and pricing through the whole year, no big changes to OpEx...
Patrick J. O’Malley: Or CapEx.
Stephen J. Luczo: Or CapEx. So you guys can work your own models.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Fair enough. And Steve, a follow-up for you, if I could. If you could talk a little bit about what you think industry TAM on supply of drives would be for the June quarter. And more specifically within that context, what do you think Samsung can do for Seagate over the next couple of quarters in terms of output of drives, please?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think June -- you have to start with March, right? I mean, at the end of the day, we're a manufacturing industry, and so you kind of have to think about June as a function of growth over March, which then makes you think about December. And don't worry, I won't take you back to 1957. So I think if you really think about December, the math lays out like this: the industry shipped 120 million units, but it only built 105 million. So I think the earlier forecast of the industry being able to ship something like 145 million for the March quarter would have been pretty spectacular in light of 105 million built, because you figure there's no inventory drawdowns that's going to occur in March, right? So you're talking about 105 million going to 145 million. I think that's a stretch. I mean, is it possible? I suppose if you mix way down in capacity, and you're only shooting for unit volume, it might theoretically be possible. But if you look at the first few weeks of production, it looks to us that the industry is on a pace to do something closer to 130 million, 135 million. You can therefore -- to me, 150 million to 160 million is probably the right number for June, again, depending on mix and recovery to the supply chain.
Unknown Executive: And components as well.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. Did that answer that question?
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It did, Steve. And then if you just don't mind, a little bit on Samsung, how do you think they can ramp?
Stephen J. Luczo: So Samsung's interesting. It's a great product. It's a high-yielding product. As you know, it's a outsourced manufacturing product currently for us with TDK, SA, Winpoint. And really, they ran into a situation where they were constrained by a component. And other than that, we would've been able to probably produce millions of those drives in the December quarter or they would've. In March, we probably would've been in the 10-plus million range. We've addressed the component shortage, we're ramping it quickly, and I think it's certainly reasonable that if you look over the course of the year that we can hit 50 million units a quarter with that product extending into the fall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Craig with Bank of America.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit around the CapEx and how you're thinking about CapEx over the next few quarters, Steve, and what your thoughts are on maybe trying to add capacity at some point and how you're thinking about that in the context of the industry? And then secondly, on the gross margin side of things, given you've still been pretty constrained, obviously, on capacity, can you talk about the 33% gross margin that you're pointing to in the June quarter, approximately 33% in line with the March quarter? And then sort of how pricing and maybe mix and then the volume bouncing back to higher levels for your production would all play into that number?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, they all play into that number. You got it. Yes, more volume, relatively stable pricing environment, mix, again, kind of a function of meeting our customer demands. And you've got to remember that mix is a little different than it's probably been in the last several years where we get orders from customers and then we basically work with our supply chain to address mix. It's a little bit in reverse right now. We have our supply chain that's presenting a bunch of parts to us, and then we dynamically rework every 24 hours what we can build in order to best satisfy our customers' demand. So it's a little bit in reverse, and it won't be fully recovered by June. So there's still going to be a big influence in the June quarter that says, "Here's what we can build and how do we best address the market?" So I think it's really a September quarter, maybe exiting the June quarter where we're going to have the flexibility that you might normally think of a company like Seagate, where you could put an order in, sometime 8 weeks ahead of time, and we could probably respond to it with our supply chain. So that all plays into it, and that's why we believe there's going to be stability to our margins, at least for the next 6 months, and probably throughout the calendar year. And what was the first part? Sorry, CapEx. I'll let Dave answer the CapEx. The general answer is right now, we're working against, if you will, a capital -- I mean, a productive capacity that's fixed, that's not fully utilized, obviously, because of supply chain disruption. And what we're doing right now is keeping our heads down to work towards getting fuller utilization of the assets that we have. We're also in product transitions, which require technology and capital to transition. But generically, there's not a plan to put capital at work to raise that ceiling. And we wouldn't plan on doing that unless we got to, let's say, the fall, and it was clear that the unit and exabyte shortages were even more pronounced and of a longer duration than what we're thinking, which is kind of through 2013 in various forms and function. You'd then be into lead times where you probably would have to address increasing capital, and then we would obviously come back to our strategic customers and negotiate that commitment with some sort of extension to the various LTAs because we obviously don't want to be on the hook for putting a bunch of capital to work and then have excess capacity in the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christian Schwab with Craig Hallum.
Christian D. Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Is it safe for us to assume, because everyone's trying to figure out when all this ends, that the gross margin targets that you guys laid out before of 22% to 26% is a long-term target? Obviously, we're well above that. Do you see the world possibly settling out higher than that post Thailand issues?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. It's just, first of all, when all this ends, I mean, I think there's the -- the question when does all this end, which of course is the biggest question in life. But -- and then what does it look like? And the second biggest question in life. And what I think the answer is, it doesn't end. This is a structural event that's happened, and the industry has changed. And people want to get into the simplistic model of "and then, on July 17, it's going to be just like it was, and there's pricing is going to come down and everybody's margin." I mean, this -- and that's just -- that's just not very sophisticated nor I think reflective of the business that we're in. And I think that what's going on right now is showing that. So I think it's a structural change and we've been saying this for a long, long time. This is structural. And what it looks like when we're through the transition -- and I would view the transition to mean, like I was saying before, when customers say "Here's what we need," we can be very responsive with our supply chain and deliver commitments with what they need in very short order. That is at least 1 year out, I think, in terms of meeting the unmet demand. So what does it look like then? It looks different, and it looks different probably forever. What does that mean in terms of business models and gross margins? I would say that it means higher than what was in place before, because by definition, what was in place before had too much risk in the model. I mean, at the end of the day, the reason the industry is going through what it's going through right now is because there was excess risk in the system. And that risk, in part, was a function of gross margins that weren't sustainable for what our industry really delivers, either in terms of productive capability or R&D and capital. So I believe when it's all said and done and partly, there's going to be more efficiencies, partly there's going to be more systems put in place. That supply availability is going to be more important than saving $0.50 on a disk drive. And if you ask any customer right now, would they rather have another million drives or would they rather save $0.50 a drive, they all will tell you, they want another million drives so they can go produce $400 million or $500 million in revenue. And I think that's what the smart strategic customers are focused on, and the smart strategic customers are the ones that are going to win.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First, a model question, and then kind of most of my questions have been answered, but a follow-up on the earlier question. First on the model, just real quickly, what tax rate are we to assume as we look out going forward?
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, for the rest of this fiscal year, I was just planning on a 3% tax rate. In longer term, we've modeled closer to 5%. But as you follow our tax structure, obviously, it's -- I won't say fixed, because it's not fixed, but it's certainly, as we earn numbers in these ranges, it makes for a foreseeable low rate, so I'd used 3% for the rest of this year and 5% long term for the model.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just to be clear, for the calendar or for -- you're talking fiscal year?
Patrick J. O’Malley: 3% for the remainder of the fiscal year and 5% for -- as a normal model going beyond that.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then on the areal density transition that you're talking about being pretty much completed through over the next 6 months, can you remind us again how that flows to the gross margin line in what looks to be a stable pricing environment, how we should think about that on a per unit cost basis?
William David Mosley: Well, we'd never characterize it per unit but obviously, if you take -- you think about it from the construct of if you're taking a 500 per platter notebook, you're taking a disk in the head out. And so if you're talking the range of historically, we take out anywhere from $4 to $8 on a transition for a standard platform, obviously, that's our leverage, that's our way we look at it, and that's what we're calculating. But as Steve talked about in his prepared comments, we're largely done with the rest of the portfolio, and now we're going to have -- as we ramp those, we'll continue to get savings but we've done a -- last quarter, done a great job of pulling that forward. So that's sort of already baked into the financials, but I think what we'll get in our financials is much more capital and efficiency utilization as the factories ramp.
Stephen J. Luczo: And I think what's interesting is the transition for the industry. If you asked that question 5 years ago, you would say that you have compressed margins at the front end of that transition just because you're putting a lot of capital to work in new equipment and yields are low, and then you kind of get this margin expansion that might last 4 or 5 quarters, depending on what's going on competitive with that particular product. And then you start getting some margin pressure the back end of that cycle. I think it's a little different now. You still are thinking of obviously all the issues on the front end. And in fact, it may be a little longer and tougher just because the technology is getting tougher in terms of these transitions. But I think the big difference is once you get the margin expansion, and again, when that starts to come down is a function of competitiveness, I do think that you're getting longer tails on margins just because people are driving yields a lot higher. Our industry historically would've said, "Hey, if you get to the low 80s or mid- low 90s" -- sorry, "mid-80s to high 80s to low 90s on yields, then you kind of start thinking about the next product." And that's -- it's just a different world now with these capacity points staying in production longer and what's going on competitively, we can drive yields higher than that for longer periods of time, which might give us a little longer tail on the margin, so we'll see. It's -- I think, it's kind of a new phase of the industry right now.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And final thing for me. Do we exit the calendar year based on what you guys have said, at 80 million per quarter in production capacity?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I mean it's your model, but I wouldn't -- I don't -- it doesn't sound too far off, depending on mix. Depending on mix. But yes, I mean, it's about right.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: I guess, Steve, could you make any comments around what to expect on the, I guess, from the efficiencies gained from Samsung on OpEx as you move forward? I guess, what's going on right now with margins is a lot is sort of -- is probably covered up with what's going on with pricing, but you made a comment earlier, or Pat did, about not much going on with OpEx as you move through the year.
Stephen J. Luczo: Right.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: So is -- yes, is that kind of partially impacted by the Samsung integration? And then if you can make any comments about like a longer-term Samsung OpEx framework, that'd be helpful.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. No, it's a great question and I'm glad you asked it. I mean, I don't -- we don't have a number for you yet. Maybe by next quarter we can start gauging that for you. Although, of course, as we go through time obviously, it's all Seagate. But what I will tell you, because I think you hit on a good point, is that we will learn a lot in terms of better operating models from what we've acquired at Samsung. They took a different design approach, they took a different qual approach and they took a different manufacturing approach. And there's a lot of good stuff there that we're learning that, as it turns out, we can apply to our broader portfolio, whether or not, again, that has to do with how we qual the product, how we ramp it or even how we build it. And they do a great job. The yields are very high. They run very clean factories. And at the end of the day, I think that, that's going to benefit us in terms of our operating efficiency, i.e. lower cost of goods sold for any product made. And it should have an impact that helps us throughout a product line. And I think probably by next quarter, we can maybe start scoping what we think some of that benefit is. You hit another point that pricing kind of masks what's going on. Well, it does and it doesn't. Like I said, you can see what our margins are at with price increases that were a lot lower than our competition. We're making really good progress on our cost and our yields, and we're getting through some of these transitions that are challenging. But like I said, once you get through them, then you basically have a pretty nice product to build for a while. And at these capacity points, when you're at nice round numbers like 1 and 2 terabytes and 500 gigabytes, we think these products are going to be in production for a while, so we have to be able to make them at very high yields.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up, if I could. Is there any point in the second half of the year when you think that you'll actually be able to ship the mix, I guess mix-appropriate, for what customers are wanting, and then, really, at that point, it's just a matter of being able to ship enough of the right mix?
Stephen J. Luczo: I'll let Dave answer the question. I think it's going to be a struggle for a while. Business-critical has been really impacted quite heavily. Mission-critical probably recovers first because there's so much effort by the industry to solve that problem, and it's a relatively lower volume. Of course, you have substantial growth in the nearline business-critical space as a result of cloud computing. So not only was that segment hit the hardest, it's also the one where there's just very significant growth opportunities. Then notebook probably and then desktop. So I think it's going to be a while. Dave, you want to add a little more color?
William David Mosley: I think there are some customer systems that are qualified. Different applications require high-capacity drives, so I think that'll still be unmet for quite a while. So the answer to your question directly is no. I believe that we'll still be mixed down through the balance of the year.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay, I want to thank everyone on the call today, and I'd like to also stress my admiration for Seagate's customers, partners, suppliers, our employees and the rest of our industry for the hard work and perseverance through these very trying times. Thanks for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William David Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Patrick J. O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Steve Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Kenneth M. Massaroni - Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Seagate Technology's Fiscal Quarter (sic) [First Quarter] 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Francine, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in the December 2011 quarter and thereafter and include statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.    Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond the company's controls, in particular, global economic conditions and significant disruption to the industry's supply chain from the severe flooding throughout parts of Thailand may pose a risk to the company's operating and financial performance. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2011 and August 24, 2011, respectively.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to the effect of events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Luczo: Thank you, Francine. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me from Seagate are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer; Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rocky Pimentel, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer.  I first want to convey my heartfelt condolences and the condolences of the entire Seagate family to those affected by the tragedy in Thailand. This disaster has taken hundreds of lives and displaced thousands. Human impact is profoundly troubling. Our first thoughts and actions were for the safety and security of our employees, their families and all personally affected. I will provide further context on the situation in Thailand and its effects on Seagate at the end of my prepared remarks.  We have posted detailed supplemental information about our fiscal first quarter on our Investor Relations site at seagate.com. In today's call, I will review the results for the September quarter, share progress on the Samsung transaction and provide our view of the fiscal second quarter, including an update of our Thailand operations. After that, we'll open up the call to Q&A.  On our last earnings call in July, we cautioned that our outlook for the first quarter was influenced by the following: the significant uncertainty surrounding global macroeconomic conditions; increasing cost of many upstream materials, especially rare earth elements; and higher costs associated with newer, less mature products.  We expected the industry TAM to be 165 million to 170 million units, Seagate's revenue to be up sequentially to approximately $2.9 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.29 to $0.33 per share. For the September quarter, the industry TAM was approximately 177 million units, which was above our expected range. Seagate reported revenue of $2.8 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.34.  We shipped 50.7 million units during the quarter, and our gross margin was 19.5%. We ended the quarter with $3 billion in cash. Revenue was slightly below our outlook for the September quarter, and we managed cost effectively, while optimizing our product mix to slightly exceed our margin and non-GAAP earnings per share projection.  We lost approximately 3 points of market share on the September quarter for 3 primary reasons: one, we elected to not participate in aggressive pricing in the mission-critical market especially at a time when we were attempting to pass through cost associated with the rare earth increases; two, in the notebook market, we raised prices based on anticipated demand. However, these price increases unexpectedly dampened demand for our notebook products; and three, aggressive pricing in the Asia distribution channel caused us to lose some share, which was offset by gains in North America.  Macroeconomic issues particularly surrounding the Eurozone debt crisis continue to create a high degree of volatility for global demand and resulted in additional stress on consumer confidence and spending in general. Despite these issues, the HDD industry shipped a record 177 million units and continued its record 45% year-over-year petabyte growth, reflecting the sustained fundamental demand for hard drive storage.  As expected, the cost of the components using rare earth metals are 5x to 8x higher than historical norms and impacted our gross margin by approximately 100 basis points, as compared to the June quarter. Rare earth price increases impact mission-critical products more acutely due to the relatively larger amounts of rare earth elements used in those products. Our effort to pass through temporary rare earth surcharges to our customer to offset these cost increases was largely unsuccessful due to aggressive pricing from a competitor in the mission-critical market.  We expect an incremental impact to cost of goods in the December quarter, as the cost increases are fully absorbed throughout the supply chain. Recently, prices for rare earth metals have abated about 20% from peak levels. Assuming no further increases from today's prices, we expect some relief in cost of goods for rare earth metals in the March quarter since these price changes tend to take over 1 quarter to work their way through the supply chain.  Regarding our discussion last quarter on product transitions being slower than planned, recall we are transitioning 8 products in fiscal 2012. As indicated last quarter, 2 of the most substantial product transitions targeted for early in the fiscal year were pushed to the second half of fiscal year 2012. With respect to the 2 products, component and drive yields improved on the 300 gigabyte per platter 2.5-inch mission-critical product line, and we will begin an aggressive ramp in the December quarter.  The 1 terabyte per platter 3.5-inch desktop drive also lagged behind our initial plans and is now beginning the volume transition. We expect to ship millions of units on this platform by the end of the quarter. 7 of the 8 platforms are industry-leading products, and as such, we continue to expect significant margin accretion with these product transitions by the fiscal fourth quarter.  With respect to the Samsung transaction, we are pleased to report that the European Commission has approved our transaction, concluding that Seagate's proposed acquisition of Samsung's hard drive assets does not raise competitive concerns in the region. We are continuing to work with the regulatory agencies and other jurisdictions to reach the same conclusion. The European Commission's decision to end this investigation is a significant step in closing the proposed acquisition, which Seagate anticipates to occur before the end of the calendar year.  Demand supply agreement and cross licensing agreements with Samsung have been executed. We expect to execute the HDD supply agreement with Samsung in the near future. Provided we receive all necessary regulatory approvals, we expect to begin integration of Samsung's HDD business during the March 2002 (sic) [2012] quarter and to complete the operational integration by the end of the calendar year.  Importantly, upon completion of the acquisition, our product portfolio will include a market-leading notebook product from Samsung that delivers 500 gigabytes per platter in 1 and 2 disc configurations. We believe this is the industry's leading notebook platform, shipping approximately 4 million units in the September quarter.  With respect to our December quarter outlook, the flood disaster in Thailand is having a widespread impact in individuals and businesses of all types, including the hard drive industry, disrupting transportation, logistics, power generation and the availability of labor.  Specific to the hard drive industry, this is a serious and highly volatile situation, which has shut down component manufacturers, as well as drive assembly operations in the flooded region. The severity of the impact on the component manufacturers and drive assembly operations range from inundated factories and submerged equipment at one extreme or the inability to get people into the workplace on the other.  Seagate's component and drive assembly factories in Thailand are operational, accessible to all our employees and are running at full production. As previously reported, this is not the case for some of our component suppliers. Our business priority is to work with our external component suppliers, supporting their efforts to rebuild the supply chain as quickly as possible. We expect to experience significant impacts to our production levels, while our suppliers work together businesses up and running.  Given the severity of the situation and the expense of supply constraints caused by the disruption, including those described by our primary competitor, the effects on our industry are likely to be substantial and will extend over multiple quarters. As we strengthen our supply chain and optimize our output, we are engaged with customers to realign build schedules, product mix and to reset delivery expectation. Prior to the flood, our TAM expectations for the December quarter was unconstrained demand for 180 million units, and Seagate expected to regain the market share lost in the September quarter.  Based on our current assessment of the external component supply chain, we expect to ship between 40 million and 50 million units in the December quarter. Given the volatility in the supply chain, which will impact mix and volume, we cannot provide a meaningful revenue estimate at this time.  As noted already, our production is not constrained by either internal components supply or by our ability to assemble finished product. Rather, we are constrained by the availability of specifically -- of specific externally-sourced components. If these component constraints are resolved result by the end of the December quarter, we expect to exit the quarter with a production capacity of at least 60 million units for the March quarter, excluding any additional capacity from the Samsung acquisition. Assuming no component constraints, we would expect additional capacity of at least 10 million units associated with the Samsung acquisition.  Finally, relative to our dividend policy, it remains unchanged from when we established our dividend in April. The board and the management team have confidence in the company's ability to generate free cash flow on a continued basis, and the quarterly dividend reflects the strength of our balance sheet.  Francine, we're now ready to open up the call to questions.
Operator: . [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jayson Noland from Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe if you could talk more about your -- where you are with Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers in the supply chain and your handle on the situation right now.
Steve Luczo: And obviously in any of these answers we give you, you know it's been stated in the Safe Harbor and other comments, we are trying to be as transparent as we can here and give the best information that we have right now. But as you might imagine, it's been a daily event. The teams have been pretty much working 20 hours a day for the last 14 days. And bear with us, we're going to give you the best information we can right at this moment. I'm going to turn that question over to Dave Mosley because he's been most deeply involved with what we're doing with our supply chain in our factories.
William David Mosley: Yes, so Jason, my question -- sorry, my response to the question would start with the impact at the start, which is over 10 days ago now, of some factories. We've been able to assess some of those factories with the sub-suppliers. And the problem is that as time has gone by, there's been more and more impacts to the supply chain, different parts. So as you can well imagine, it's a fairly complex problem that just continues even until now. There continues to be disruptions to people who are actually doing the assessment because the region is still quite disrupted. Peoples homes are affected. They can't get in to certain regions, so it's quite tentative at this point. That's how we've come up with the expectations that we laid out before about mix given the impact that we have in this region, for the factories that we have in that region, for the factories that we have globally. We have second sources in some cases for some products. But it's still a very highly volatile situation, as you can well imagine, not knowing exactly what we're going to get 4 or 6 weeks from now based on a lot of assumptions about how fast people can or can't come back from some of these challenges.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me on the mission-critical side. Is there a chance that we've seen a reset on the profitability level of those drives given there's a new competitor out there?
Steve Luczo: Who's the new competitor?
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: We've got Western Digital.
Steve Luczo: Well, I mean, they're buying Hitachi. I mean, I guess I don't view them as a new competitor if that merger goes through. So I think, the mission-critical space has been competitive for a long time, and Seagate really tends to differentiate itself with the breadth of the portfolio. When we get long in a portfolio and we're transitioning new products, like we are now, is clearly where customers are maybe more willing to sell a share, if you will. But that's why it's so critical for us to continue with these transitions to the next generation. And as we do them, we believe we can regain the market share to the levels of good condition [ph] which are 58% to 62%.
Operator: . Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, the first question is on just looking at the acquisition of Samsung. Obviously, the EU has approved that. Where do we stand with the FTC? And as far as the EU is concerned, were there any remedies or remedial things that you guys had to do to basically getting that deal done?
Steve Luczo: I'm going to let Ken Massaroni answer the question.
Kenneth M. Massaroni: We're working cooperatively with the regulators at the FTC and other jurisdictions around the globe, and we're comfortable that we're being responsive promptly to their request for information and that we're on track to close the transaction before the end of the calendar year.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as it relates to your comments on the supply chain, are you telling us that it is your expectation at this point that the supply chain should be back to production levels by the end of December? I guess, I just want to understand what the message here is. Is that you -- do you fully anticipate everything to be back online and therefore, operating at a $60 million full capacity run rate in March?
Steve Luczo: First of all, there were no remedies on the EU question. No, I think what we're seeing is the disruption in the supply chain is kind of multi-threaded and either certain component suppliers just can't get to their building. But we believe the factories are dry and ready to produce once people can get there. Others obviously have damaged the equipment. And some of those are longer lead time and shorter lead time and some of those, their second sources are not. I think that at this point, it's unlikely to assume that everything will be back to normal by the end of December, although, I don't think it's improbable that parts will be flowing in the month of December to a much superior degree than they will be when parts stop arriving sometime at factory doors some time in the next 3 weeks. And so I think as that recovers, the point is Seagate doesn't have factories affected. And so we can start taking those parts and start building drives as quickly as possible.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then final question...
Steve Luczo: And then we have now a level of productive capability, which obviously could change as a bunch of mix, which is what we're working for our customers on, is the ways that we can basically even increase that output by working with them on mix.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the final question for me is what is the lingering overhang on the gross margin related to rare mineral costs going into this next quarter?
Patrick J. O’Malley: The next quarter we have talked about is increasing another 100 basis points. So we have about 200 basis points that we look at this quarter and then it should abate if -- depending on where assumptions, where the prices are today, if they don't go back up. So in March quarter, we should start getting relief from that, which was better than what we thought in September quarter. But that 200 basis points that we talked last quarter is fully going to be baked in.
Steve Luczo: Just think of it this way, there's a one quarter lag to what's happening in pricing in the rare earths and how it is to the drive industry. So the rare earth prices were increasing all through the September quarter and didn't start abating until the December quarter. And if you would factor the June quarter, they were not rising the entire time or certainly not at the rate that they were in the September quarter. So the September quarter for us was a big hit, the December quarter will be a full impact, if you will. And starting in the March quarter is when we'll start seeing the reactions in the spot market today.
Operator: . And our next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele from Needham and Co.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just want to touch on 2 different areas. One, in terms of looking at margins in the first half of next year, I mean, you've got rare earths likely to come down because of the lag. You got utilization clearly maximized, so price diminished. At least according to car checks, prices are going up. So at least in terms of 2012, should we think about a different type of gross margin profile? Any comments you can make there?
Steve Luczo: Richard, I think right now like we said, I mean, if we can make a revenue prediction, we could probably make a gross margin prediction, right? I think it's a pretty volatile situation right now and really all of the dynamics you just described are recurring, and they kind of started like what that means, to think it's just something that's more appropriate to do in a few weeks when we have a better visibility on what our output, our mix and our volume's going to be. I don't disagree with the general statements that you're making. And yes, we believe that they're multi-quarter and certainly they extend into the first half of the year, and I believe likely to the end of the calendar year.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of your footprint. We're getting asked all kinds of questions, as you would imagine, about how your footprint might differ in terms of component supplier versus WD and others. Is there anything you can just talk about, how you structured it and how maybe even Samsung's footprint is different and why it has affected you less?
Steve Luczo: Well, starting at the drive level, I mean, the company's drive factories, as you know, are in China and in Thailand. And where we're at in Thailand is where we have the flooding situation. Our wafer facilities are in Minnesota and in Springtown. And so we're -- we have 2 wafer facilities. Our slider facilities are Penang and Korat in Thailand. So 2 slider facilities, and media is in Singapore. R&D capabilities are in Minnesota, Colorado, Fremont, Springtown and Shewsbury, Massachusetts and in Singapore. So we've got a pretty diverse base on the development side as well. So I think from the kind of factory and the development side of it and I think, on the sourcing side, I'll let Dave talk to it. I mean, as you know, we've, I think, articulated our belief that we have a pretty deep and robust and strategic supply chain, which is one of the reasons why we feel that as soon as parts start flowing we're going to achieve some of the output goals that we mentioned earlier. Dave?
William David Mosley: Rich, I talked about the complexity a little earlier on all of our products. We have 25, roughly, product lines that are going. Some of them, from a mechanical standpoint, have numerous different configurations, largely capacity-based. So the supply chain that feeds that is there's some places like in our China factories, for example that are specific to China. There's numerous other suppliers in different locations as well. And that's something that we're going to have to factor through the impact with the suppliers that are in the affected region. This is very substantial to us, very substantial to our whole industry. And that's where, we're focusing our concern. But we do have some opportunities to move equipment. We have some opportunities to keep lines going that are in unaffected regions and thus disciplined up mix, that's why we have to rework the mixture that the customers are getting, what we can build and what they need outside of these things together. So it's going to be a very volatile quarter.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And most of the Samsung stuff comes through TDK, correct?
William David Mosley: Yes. Sorry, Richard, I'm didn't mean to avoid that question, yes. I mean, Samsung, is generally -- doesn't have internal components. And again, I want to stress that we produce some of the internal components, slider wafer, slider and media. We have productive capacity, and we feel good about our ability to flow those parts, which will, I think, tie into when other parts of the supply chain are available, that we're going to be probably best positioned to take advantage of that to provide output. With respect to Samsung, they're obviously not vertically integrated like we are. However, a lot of their supply chain is in Korea. Although they do depend on certain parts out of Thailand as does everyone. And yes, they do have a strong relationship with TDK in terms of the outsourcing of the [indiscernible] .
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shebly Seyrafi.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division: So it looks like in the December quarter, the impact from rare earth is going to be more muted. If you hit the high end of your 40 million to 50 million, it's going to be roughly flat financially. Pricing according to checks have gone up maybe 10% to 20% in the past week alone. So why wouldn't you have a meaningful improvement in your gross margin in the December quarter?
Steve Luczo: I don't know, that we didn't say we would. I mean, that's for the analysts to determine. All we said is what the rare earth impact would be against whatever the gross margin is.
William David Mosley: And clearly part of this is aligning for the mix of our customers. We certainly have to do that. So there's a big range of outcomes on there and we're working closely with our customer to see what they want us to maximize, and we will work with them. But certainly, directionally, everything you say is in that way, but given we're talking a 10 million range of units we certainly have a wide range of outcomes.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you also talk about opportunities to gain share? Clearly, I think you will gain share in the next few quarters. But can you talk about the opportunities for these share gains to linger over the next several years? Basically, how can you take advantage of the situation?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean, I hate to use the words take advantage as much as we're obviously going to try and respond to the customer needs that are out there and also, the supplier needs that are out there. What we're really doing is trying to align our capabilities, which are pretty substantial with the suppliers that we have partnerships with and that need our help to regain footing, as well them delivering the maximum amount of products to our customers. And the customer dialogue, as you might imagine, given the description of the impact to the industry, given by Western Digital yesterday, has been one of desire to align for certainly an extended period of time. We've had customer calls with several strategic customers and several large customers in both the OEM field, as well as the distribution field that are willing to do multi-quarter alignment with Seagate.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last one for me, have you discussed specifically the key components which are most constrained in your view affecting Seagate?
Steve Luczo: We can do it a little bit. I'll let Dave touch on that. Obviously, we're not going to talk about specifics in terms of companies or anything like that. But to you give an idea where some of the constraints are so you can get a sense of this, through your own work, you see us the lead below [ph] as you can get a sense of when we can address the market opportunity. I think that's fair.
William David Mosley: This is Dave. And I think it's very specific to product lines timing based on the amount of inventory we had in certain chains. It's also very dependent upon second sources or in some cases, dual sites that individual component vendors had and then the amount of reaction that's happened. During the past, there's been some factories that have been able to respond differently than others, just based on a lot of logistics issue. So it's a pretty complicated equation, obviously. I think they tend to the biggest impacts tend to be around our ability to build headstocks for all the subcomponents where headstocks can -- in particular, there are a lot of mechanical piece part vendors in these regions that we're going to have to go to get a solution as we try to put the supply chain back together.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Given the share loss in enterprise this quarter and the higher margin in that category, is there any reason why you wouldn't do everything to protect or to maximize the production in that segment so that you can manage those long-term relationships with enterprise customers and maximize mix and margins in the near term, as well as your ability to take back share? Or are there limitations, as it relates to needs in other segments, that would force you to not shift production in that direction?
Steve Luczo: No, again, I think the issues around share and enterprise are more related to us continuing to ramp our new product line. The breadth of our portfolio is significantly more extensive than our next biggest competitor. And as long as we get the portfolio out there, then we'll gain the share that we need. I think in terms of how we allocate our productive resources, Katy, that's clearly going to be a function of, again, working with our suppliers and then working with our customers to see how we can optimize what they're trying to solve right now, not what we're trying to solve. Seagate is going to do fine through this in terms of being able to make drives and ballpark. So I think to me, it's a question of how do we mix that for our customers, and obviously, our customers drive a lot of margin from enterprise. They drive a lot of margin from newer line and business-critical. They drive a lot of margin from high capital, so all areas that have been hit very hard. So obviously, yes, we're going to be mixing in that area. But it's really to optimize with our customers and with their suppliers.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. Have you thought yet about whether you're willing to order new equipment and take on more capacity if in a few months you believe that the issues that your competitors will last and you have an opportunity to take even more market share than what you could take given the March quarter capacity?
Steve Luczo: Yes. Again, I think the issue as we get more definition around what the constraints are and what the longer-term impacts are with the industry structurally, then we can make those decisions. Right now, we're, obviously, just trying to solve equations for our customers and suppliers in the December quarter. And then we're extending those conversations in terms of the first half of the year and in some cases for the calendar year. With the assets that we have, we have -- we do have capacity, and we do have the ability to drive more capacity to yield improvement depending on what our mix is. And so that's our first order of focus and then alignment with our customers on that. And when one of it looks like there's sustained shortfalls off of that, then we'll it consider after this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Steve, I guess, just going back in sort of around the topic of potential mix of capacity this quarter, maybe next quarter, depending on components. Do guys have a visibility to tell if you have access to sort of the mix of components you need to, I guess, give you generous capacity around what you guys and your customers ultimately choose what they want? Or are you sort of -- I mean, is there sort of a ceiling to what you could do on enterprise or a ceiling to what you could do on PCs?
Steve Luczo: I'm going to let Dave answer the question. I'm not sure I quite understood it. So if you did, Dave ...
William David Mosley: Here's the way I see it. We have ceilings, so to speak, on our production capabilities for some of those different product lines. But I think the nature of this problem and the vendors that impacted, are the wide swath of different parts. So the various impacts for the different product lines is pretty broad. I would say that -- and we can't shift for a lot more enterprise, for example, versus what our production capacity is for ourselves internally. The question really is, what do the end customers need and then what can the suppliers produce. And those are the 2 ends of the supply chain that we're going to have struggle to tie together. And I think, that's going to be a very dynamic question especially because we can't get a sense in some of the impacts. Some of the sub-supplier factories just occurred literally in the last 72 hours, so we continue assessing the very dynamic situation, and we're going to have to figure out and shift our capacity to it and the boundaries of what our manufacturing capability is very quickly.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: That's quite helpful. And just follow-up for me. I guess, in terms of absolute units of PC drives that seem to be out there sort of in the collective distribution channel and I guess, plus any comments you might have about what brokerage you're holding. Is there any estimate you can give us as we try to get our arms around what the actual impact to the PC production might be in the coming months?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think, it's just hard to speculate. There wasn't a lot of inventory in the OEM hubs. There wasn't a lot of inventory in the channel when, as you might imagine, all of that has been filled in the last 48 hours. So I think the impacts are really probably going to be expelled in about 4 or 5 weeks. And this is going to be a function of really when are we able to basically start shipping drives again and at what volume in terms -- it's going to have to skew in the quarter. I think, it's the complexity. So we're obviously building drives today and shipping drives, and we're going to be able to do that for -- at capacity, for a couple more weeks. And then we'll start being impacted and then how quickly we can recover, again, if it turns out that we're having access to parts in December then we're going to build as many drives as we can in December. And hopefully, our customers can incorporate those in the channel, might be able to take them later in the quarter and the OEMs clearly even a little earlier on the quarter. And that's another thing we're trying to optimize right now. But again, I think the bigger issue is really the impact in the first 6 months of the year, as much as this is an issue about December. Given the structural issues that we described yesterday, I think, in certain way you're right, that this quarter is actually cushioned a bit by -- we have product that was on boats. I mean, WD described that they actually had actually put a greater-than-normal product into finished goods and onto the boats, although obviously been able to draw down from that in the next couple of weeks. And so -- but then given structural impact to the productive capability, I think, the real issue is around March and June. And that's what we're really lining up for as much as we can.
Operator: . Our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Barclays Capital.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple here. I wanted to ask you specifically about motors. It would seem like that would be the big bottleneck here. Did you find something out over the last 48 hours that plenty of motors could be available for you to do 40 million to 50 million drives and then have units up sequentially in the March quarter?
Steve Luczo: I think we're staying in tight contact with all suppliers that we have and watching all aspects of the supply chains that they have. So I wouldn't say there's any real new news in the last 24 to 48 hours.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Ben, this is Pat. The other thing is that the motor suppliers, not all in Thailand, as well. There's other diversified supply chain so as given that Steve talked about rare earth, with us being China, we have some flex there. So there's going to be tightness there. But I don't think there's any new found parts. It's just we're optimizing how we use what's there and what factory it comes from.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Then with regard to -- Western Digital talked about some special charges, as well as some special expenses, to expedite materials. And there's also other things going on behind the scenes. I'm sure even at your place, even though your plants are operational, is there any special charges? Any increased OpEx over the next quarter or 2 that you can project that result from this? Or is it business -- more business as usual the way it will flow out in the P&L?
Steve Luczo: Yes I mean maybe incrementally, but nothing that we're calling out right now.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then I just got to ask you again. I mean, the gross margin guidance or I guess you don't have official, but it sounds like that you're saying the gross margin could be up sequentially in the December quarter. And I just want to make sure that, that's clear. I just -- what gross margin should we model? It sounds like you are open to the idea that it could be up sequentially due to the better mix of enterprise and some share gains even on lower volume.
Steve Luczo: I think, you're going how to model that depending on if we can build 40 or 50. We just gave you a range based on what we know today and told you that it's likely subject to change, which means -- obviously, a 20% range is a pretty big range, which means it could even go in or out of that range. So I think it's hard to say at 50 million units. That's a completely different answer at 40 million units given the absorption associated with the additional 10 million units. So I'm not trying to be cagey or not transparent, but it's just that's how dynamic the situation is right now.
William David Mosley: Yes, multi-variance equation there. And as you get up to that 50 million, everything that everyone's characterized, short supply demand and balance, those things certainly pushing margin upwards, and that would imply that we can hit the mix our customers want and keep our factories full. That's a very good equation. In 40 million depending on what that mix is, when it comes there may be period expenses that just can't cover. So as Steve said, we're not trying to be less than clear. It's just when you're talking 40 million, it's a much different outcome than 50 million.
Operator: . And our next question comes from the line of Scott Craig from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I think some people are a little confused by the 40 million to 50 million number from the standpoint where -- what sort of impact are you expecting on your Thailand operations? In other words, what's the output there that you could do? And what sort of assumptions are you making there? And I know there's a lot of moving parts because you're assuming to gain some share in other spots and then you've got other factories that can fill. But I think that 40 million to 50 million number has kind of caught people by surprise based on some e-mails I've gotten already. So maybe start there, and then I have one follow-up.
Steve Luczo: Okay. Well, I think, again, the 40 million to 50 million is not contingent upon what the factories can do, whether they're in Thailand or China. We have 2 drive factories in China, and we have one drive factory in Thailand. We also have complemented factories in Thailand that can continue to manufacture. The 40 million or 50 million is contingent upon how much, and what mix of supply, that we can actually get of complements that are coming from these many, many affected factories. And some of those factories are still impacted today. They can't -- there would be assumptions about how fast they come back up or wide, and they're assumptions. Some of them will need the water to recede. Some of stop still being damaged today. Some of them have different levels of equipment damaged. So I think this is very volatile situation right now and expecting accuracy on some of that is just very.. .
William David Mosley: I think, the implied question is why is your number so high relative to WD. I think you need to understand that WD's number's, as best we understand their business, is being driven by a super set of slider -- lack of slider. So regardless of what they're -- well, if you could say it a different way, if they had a full access to slider, what their number would be would probably likely be much higher than 22 to 26 shipped. And that would include, we're assuming, whatever was in the inventory. So that's a hard constraint that they have, that they know that they can't resolve this quarter. And hopefully, that we're working to resolve in the next couple of quarters as you indicated. Seagate doesn't have that type of part constraint either on the factory side, which -- they also some have on the factory side. As has Toshiba and marginally, Hitachi because they can't get people to work. And we don't have another component side other than non-captive components. And so for us, it's a bunch of our assumptions based on our conversations to date with our key suppliers about what parts we think we can get when.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up. Steve, from a long-term margin basis when you look at the mission-critical enterprise business, is there any concern there from what you saw this quarter from a longer-term basis that, that market is potentially less profitable as other competitors, maybe ramp up a little bit there from -- and try and gain market share?
Steve Luczo: Again, it's always been a highly competitive market, and whenever you're in a product cycle where we're transitioning, if TAM wasn't growing aggressively and that competitor decided to use that as an opportunity to make -- to take market share. If you want to be aggressive on price and buy market share and it's in a cycle where the customers are willing to do that, then you can do that. Is that a sustained way to take market share? Not really. That's why we're convinced that as long as we keep our heads down, and deal with this new programs, which are making good progress that, that portfolio is what the enterprise customer wants. And it's part of the portfolio that we think we can, again, return to what we believe is the kind of balanced market share of kind of 58% to 62%, which then, obviously, allows our customers to diversify their supply base with 1 or 2 other suppliers in the form of Hitachi or Toshiba, who are both very good suppliers.
William David Mosley: The mission-critical business still drives enormous margin for our customers, and they're highly-valued products that have to have certain liability and quality service features that basically take more to develop. They take more to test, and they take more to service the operating side of supporting an enterprise business goes well beyond the gross margin side. Which is the point we continue to make. And one of the reasons our operating model is different than people going into the enterprise, it takes a lot more to support that.
Operator: . And our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Steve, is the demand side of the equation in December -- you talked about 180 million units. If you -- what's your perspective on what the collective supply side is? You heard WD's numbers last night, we have yours. But any guesses or views on against that 180 million demand, what the industry can generate this quarter?
Steve Luczo: Not really, because we really don't have a good view into what's going on with Toshiba, other than they've said that their factory is closed and I believe they said wet. One of Hitachi's factories is closed, and again, it just depends how long are they kept away from building drives even if parts are starting to show up. That's kind of very difficult to say right now.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. But let me try the second part against that. Whatever number it comes about for this December quarter, based on your comments will there be greater production capabilities, you think, in the March quarter, flat down or up relative to whatever occurs in December?
Steve Luczo: Well, as you know, that's a really interesting question because if you're talking about Seagate, Samsung, currently we indicated up by a fairly substantial amount. I think with Toshiba and Hitachi, it's harder to say. My sense is Hitachi would be up just because, from what we understand, the factory has not been affected by water. So it's just a function of getting people back to work. Not an easy task by the way, but it is certainly a lot easier than drying off equipment first. Toshiba, I think, I don't know. It's just hard for me to speculate, so let's just say it's flat. And then, I think, the WD question is better for them to answer but like I indicated if they lost slider fab and they're working through inventories and right now, I think, that's, I think, a question for them to answer. But that number could actually go down, I suppose. Depending on how they fill that gap, and obviously, they're over -- they're doing everything they can. I'm sure with regard to how get HTA and HSA and slider output. And it's a strong, good, well-executing company, and I won't underestimate their ability to recover. It's better for them to answer but it's hard to say.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then the difference in March would be presumably all the collective industry would have used up their inventory buffer. Well, the last one I have then is on the enterprise. As you guys are going through and you're going to make your priorities about how you want to allocate your production capabilities, presumably enterprise will bubble up there at the top of the list. As we think about your prioritization, should we think about prices remaining stable? Or is there a chance that you guys might look to raise prices in a particular category? I know going they're already going up in desktop and notebooks. But how about enterprise, is there a chance that prices go up? Or do they remain stable and you guys gain share or try to regain share with your new platforms?
Steve Luczo: Well, again, I think we'll try and regain share with our new [ph] platforms. I think it depends on the enterprise customer. There's very few enterprise customers who only take mission-critical. There may not be any even. And they're seeing that it's, obviously, they need mission-critical and/or business critical or the entire product line. Clearly for the customer's that need the entire product line, those are the ones that we're trying to address with the portfolio. And I don't even think about it in terms of pricing or unit as much as what can we deliver to the customer and what does that look like in terms of our supply chain and does that look like for them in terms of achieving their business goals. Okay, and I think we're going to wrap it up there. And I'd like to thank all our employees and certainly our suppliers and our customers for their ongoing support. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: . Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Whitmore - Chief Technical Officer and Executive Vice President of Research & Development Steve Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Patrick O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC Scott Craig Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Seagate Technology's Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2011 Financial Result Conference Call. My name is Katherine. I'll be coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in September 2011 quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-K/A and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2010; October 6, 2010; November 3, 2010; February 3, 2011; and May 3, 2011, respectively. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Luczo: Thank you, Katherine. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me from Seagate are Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer; Dave Mosley, EVP of Operations; and Rocky Pimentel, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer.  We have provided detailed supplemental information about our fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year-end results on our Investor Relations site at www.seagate.com.  During this call, I will review the results for the fourth quarter then provide a brief update on the Samsung transaction and then discuss the outlook for the September quarter. After that, we'll open up the call for Q&A. On our earnings call in April, we indicated that we were expecting component constraints related to the damage caused by the Japan earthquake and tsunami to continue to impact the disk drive industry in our fiscal fourth quarter. We believe the supply chain impacts would result in the industry TAM being flat to slightly down quarter-over-quarter at approximately 160 million units. We also expected Seagate's revenue to be roughly flat sequentially at approximately $2.7 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.19 to $0.23.  Seagate delivered solid financial results in the June quarter with revenue of $2.9 billion. We believe the upside revenue was the result of stronger-than-anticipated demand, and we were able to respond because of the benefits of Seagate's robust supply chain.  On a non-GAAP basis, the company reported gross margins of 18.8%, diluted earnings per share of $0.28 and net income of $126 million. The industry TAM for the June quarter was approximately 166 million units, an increase of approximately 4% from the prior quarter, which is essentially equal to the industry's record shipment of 167 million units in the fourth calendar quarter of 2010. In addition, the average capacity per drive shipped by the industry continued to increase during the quarter and reached approximately 560 gigabytes per unit.  For the fiscal year, storage capacity shipped grew approximately 40% to 330 million terabytes. Seagate shipped a record 52 million units during the quarter, representing approximately 32% market share and averaged approximately 590 gigabytes per unit. We believe that this continued increase in the amount of digital storage shipped is directly related to the broadening geographical footprint of IT systems and services, as well as the impact of a highly mobile and connected user base that is demanding real-time access to rich data and content. We also believe these trends will continue as computing architectures evolve to serve this growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world.  In the enterprise market, Seagate shipped 5.1 million drives for mission-critical applications and 2.7 million drives for business-critical applications, representing year-over-year increases of 8% and 46%, respectively. The company shipped a total of 35.5 million client compute drives in the June quarter, consisting of 14.7 million mobile drives, up 21% year-over-year, and 20.7 million desktop drives, up 6% year-over-year. Demand for Seagate-branded storage products remained strong, with solid year-over-year growth of 36% to 3.5 million units, while consumer electronic products totaled 5.4 million units.  While there has been some commentary in the market about customers potentially building inventory due to real or perceived supply constraints, we believe the June quarter's TAM reflected true end demand. For example, distribution channel inventory of Seagate's 3.5-inch ATA desktop drives at the end of the quarter was 3.5 weeks, which was again below the targeted range of 4 to 6 weeks. We think it's important to note that this is well below levels typical for a June quarter, which is historically the quarter with the greatest risk of excess inventory during the year. Given our ability to sustain weeks on hand below 5 weeks for the last 2 years, we are now targeting 4 to 5 weeks on hand for our distribution channel inventory level.  Our gross margin in the quarter was slightly better than planned and was positively impacted by the relatively balanced supply environment in the quarter as well as higher volume. Historically, our gross margins improved more significantly in this type of environment. However, this quarter's accretion was limited by the following factors: First, since we had completed pricing negotiations with our OEMs prior to the mid-quarter increases in demand, we did not increase OEM pricing within the quarter. OEMs constitute approximately 70% of our revenue.  Second, we did not achieve our time to maturity targets for products announced in fiscal year 2011, which resulted in higher scrap cost and inefficiently utilized manufacturing resources.  Third, as we most recently discussed on our fiscal second quarter financial results call, commodity prices that directly impact our company and the industry have continued to rise.  And fourth, we were able to service upside demand, consisting primarily lower-margin notebook products.  We continue to focus on actively managing the balance sheet to maximize shareholder returns while maintaining the flexibility to invest in a broad range of storage technologies to serve our customers. During the quarter, Seagate completed a $600 million offering of senior unsecured notes, returned $77 million to shareholders in the form of a dividend and repurchased $112 million of Seagate ordinary shares.  Our strategic relationship with Samsung progressed as expected during the quarter, and we continue to believe the transaction will close by the end of calendar 2011. Once completed, this relationship will enable the companies to better align current and future product development efforts and roadmaps, accelerate time-to-market for new products and position the companies to better address rapidly evolving opportunities in mobile computing, cloud computing, solid-state storage and other markets. We remain confident about the benefit of this strategic relationship to our customers and our shareholders.  With regard to our outlook for the September quarter, I want to emphasize that the outlook is influenced by significant uncertainty concerning global macroeconomic conditions, including the outcome of negotiations around the U.S. debt limit and the impact of issues related to European sovereign debt.  For the September quarter, we expect the industry TAM to be 165 million to 170 million units, and believe the industry will maintain a well-balanced supply and demand environment. Specifically for Seagate, revenue is expected to be approximately $2.9 billion. We do not anticipate significant market share shifts from the June quarter, primarily due to a longer life cycle of current-generation products throughout the industry.  Gross margins for the September quarter is expected to be up slightly compared to the June quarter. We expect to benefit from relatively benign price erosion already negotiated with our OEMs and continued tight supply in the distribution channel. We do, however, expect a positive margin impact of a more stable pricing environment to be offset by the following factors: the costs of many upstream materials, especially rare earth elements, which have increased significantly. These costs are expected to adversely impact gross margins by at least 200 basis points. And as previously mentioned, the delay in achieving time to maturity of new products is resulting in inefficiently utilized manufacturing resources with higher cost. Currently, we expect meaningful cost reductions and resulting margin accretion associated with these new products to be realized in the second half of fiscal 2012.  In regards to the increasing cost of upstream materials, Seagate has historically been able to absorb these cost increases and insulate our customers. However, the recent dramatic increase in the cost of rare earth elements, combined with a pre-existing upward trend for a broad base of other commodities, far exceeds our ability to find offsetting cost reductions. While we are exploring opportunities to reduce the content of certain rare earth elements that are used in the manufacture of hard disk drive components, we will be discussing with our customers, passing through what we hope are temporary surcharges related to upstream earth-based commodities. It's important to note that for the relevant rare earth materials, there does not appear to be a significant supply constraint. And while we have a short-term concern over margin impact, we do not currently have a long-term concern.  The tax provision is expected to be between 3% and 10%. R&D and SG&A is planned to increase to $350 million, and we expect capital investments to be at or below the low end of our targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. Excluding certain expenses, such as restructuring and acquisition-related costs totaling approximately $10 million, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.33 per share.  Katherine, we're now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele of Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: A couple of questions. First, on the rare earth side, can you give us a sense on what percent of your -- of a disk drive might be affected by rare earth element pricing? For example, I mean, are we just talking about the motor, or is it much more broad than that? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Luczo: Percentage in parts could be indicated in percentage in terms of basis points, which is 2%. But do you mean where is it used throughout the drive, Rich?
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Yes.
Robert Whitmore: It's particularly the VCM magnet, Rich, and then inside the motor itself as well.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Because rare earth pricing has been increasing for some time. So has it just been the supply chain that's been absorbing it up until now?
Robert Whitmore: That's partially true, but I think if you look over the last month or 2 months, it's been dramatically increasing as well. And sorry, I should also mention probably cerium oxide, which is used to polish glass as well. So, there are a lot of different variants of rare earths that are actually integrated.
Steve Luczo: Yes, it's been increasing for -- I mean, I think we first identified this actually last summer, reemphasized it again in the January call. And I think it's been increasing. I think the acceleration, Rich, in the last 60 days is dramatically greater than the average before that.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. And then in terms of your comment about the technology transitions, your yield and not being able to hit the type of volume you wanted, can you be a little bit more specific about -- is it just the products that you mentioned in the press -- in the prepared remarks, or is it a specific areal density? And when do you expect those issues specifically to go away? Or is it just that the component count will change in the second half and so you get the margin benefit that way?
Steve Luczo: Let me just touch on it and then I'll turn it over to Dave or Bob. But I think we're going through, as I think when we've indicated to the investor base, it's a fairly significant transition that's occurring through this calendar year and into next calendar year. And it's related to areal density nodes as well different capacity points across almost our entire product line. So for Seagate, I think it's at least 8 products that we're transitioning over the course of this fiscal year. And ultimately, yes, it's still a component cost at higher capacity, and you have to get through the transition to drive yield. And then I'll let Dave and Bob talk to some more of those, but I think the gross margin implications, all things being equal, is pretty significant in terms of once we get through the transition.
Robert Whitmore: So I think the other thing, Rich, that I would add is to the component cost reduction, which are component cap coming down, which when you get through this transition, is very meaningful. It's also, as you push out the product transition, you end up changing the configuration quite a bit, which ends up in materials that are not utilized properly. They're either ending up in scrap or somewhere else that wasn't optimal. So that's what we're suffering through as we go through these transitions right now. That's what we've got to take.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: To the best of your knowledge, is the competition facing similar challenges? And do you think that Seagate's still retaining its areal density lead even with the delay?
Steve Luczo: I think that depends market segment by market segment, exactly how it breaks down. I think we've got fierce competition in certain areas, and then there's other areas where we're doing quite well.  [Technical Difficulty] But I think the other thing is there's -- not only competition is transitioning the portfolio wealth that we are, right. No one has the breadth of the portfolio. Again, no one even, across all segments and within chip segments, so I think it's a different animal probably for our competition. I think in general, we feel good about where we are in areal density transition across the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman of BMO.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Steve, I wondered if you could just talk about if the TAM's in the range that you've identified for September, just any thoughts on what, at least directionally, the TAM would look like in December. And then also speak to, if you could, I think you said supply/demand was relatively balanced. But if you could speak to what are the constraints out there that you're seeing from your competition, particularly Hitachi, within that overall market environment. And then I have a follow-up, if I could, please.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think, let me just -- on the first question, I think we expect December quarter to be greater than September quarter. And my guess is probably in the same kind of growth range of maybe 4% to 5%. And I think that's probably, if you think about what our capital allocation -- and again, big product transition, so I think there's big component challenges as well at those levels even though they may feel lower than people thought the industry could be at a year ago. That was at much different component counts per drives and things like that. So with the average capacity increasing to the extent that we talked about, 40% growth year-over-year, that's obviously chewing up a lot of heads and disks, and the capital was getting pretty tight there and us for one, we told you we're going to be probably at or even below the low end of our capital investment range. So we're trying to manage it to what we see as decent growth and probably establishing a record quarter for the industry and certainly a record quarter in petabytes shipped. But it's not robust, firing on all cylinders. I think until the macroeconomy is settled down globally, right. I think with respect to Hitachi, I don't want to talk too specifically about a competitor. And what I'd rather talk to, I guess, is my observations of living in Asia for 4 months and getting there 3 days before the earthquake happened and pretty -- being pretty intimately involved with that on multiple levels, both personally as well as professionally. I just think that the disruptions on the supply chain side are still going to be probably more difficult than maybe expected. And every day, we still hear about things that are worse than we thought they were. And it's human nature to, I think, be optimistic. And I think it's also -- these are very complex systems that are -- that have been severely disturbed. And with respect to our industry, obviously, it's around fabs and fab capacity and when fabs are coming online and if they do, what yield and how much power are they going to have. And I just think it's still very tenuous and therefore, we still see a fair amount of tightness in certain segments, mostly around notebook, as some of our competitors have shifted their more certain production to probably higher margin opportunities.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right. But as you look at the opportunity today, Steve, collectively with the industry, the industry can produce that, say, TAM of 165 million to 170 million units in the September quarter?
Steve Luczo: I think it can. I think it's tight, but I think it can. I guess it's going to be relatively balanced like I said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Given the demand upside of the June quarter, can you just talk about why the guidance for September is sub-seasonal? Which product categories are you seeing weaker than seasonal demand? And were there trends at the end of the quarter that drove a more conservative outlook?
Steve Luczo: Probably a better question for the IT -- for the computer companies of the world probably than us. I mean, we're obviously responding to what we think customer demand is and keeping our channel inventories at reasonable levels. So I think that's probably better directed towards the PC companies in terms of the growth that we're getting from them, whether or not it's at the server level or at the client level or at the high enterprise system levels. I mean, it's really a reflection of what our customers are telling us in general.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Does your TAM outlook assume that you get inventory back into the 4- to 5-week range?
Steve Luczo: No. I don't think we said that. I think we said that we have consistently been under 4 to 6 weeks, and therefore, we're reducing our targets to 4 to 5 weeks. But we still continue to manage our inventories as lean as we can and as lean as also acceptable for our customers.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just lastly, did any of the yield issues impact your ability to negotiate for more favorable pricing with the OEMs?
Patrick O’Malley: This is Pat. I'll let Dave comment as well. We were able to hit supply. I mean, we hit the time-to-market metric and get the products out there, but the yield was somewhat costly but we did impact our customers' schedules significantly as much as manifests itself into our P&L for this quarter and probably next.
Steve Luczo: I think OEM pricing for the September quarter, and actually with some of our OEMs, we've actually negotiated pricing through the December quarter, has been the most favorable it's probably been in the 20 years I've been in the industry, if I think about percentage changes quarter-to-quarter. So I think there was nothing with respect to ramping our new products that impacted our ability to deliver to our customers because we can obviously deliver old products. It's more of an internal challenge for us of the opportunity of getting into these transitions at the yields that we want, obviously drives a lot more margin for us. So wasn't a pricing issue at all. In fact, pricing, relative to historical norms, has been quite favorable just given the supply/demand challenges that are, as I've mentioned in the first question, I think, that are still somewhat tenuous.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Markowitz of JPMorgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe if I could just follow-up on that last point you made, Steve, in terms of OEM pricing has been negotiated through December, I think you said, one the most favorable terms in years. Does that assume then, you've kind of already been able to pass through some of these rare earth metals increases, or is that still a wildcard?
Steve Luczo: That's still a wildcard.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then how should we think about the distribution channel? Because typically, you get a nice benefit when you do put product in there. Are they going to have to bear the cost of these rare earth metals even at a higher rate?
Steve Luczo: Again, I don't -- I mean, I don't know whether I can answer it, even given a higher rate. Because our negotiations with our OEMs, like I said, some of them are out one, some of them are out 2 quarters and some OEMs aren't. And so depending on what you've signed up for in terms of volume and commitments on both ends, it has different implications for pricing. And as you point out, the channel is more of a spot market. And if therefore, there are shortages that are either related to increases in demand or shortages in supply or pressures from other areas like rare earth elements, then the spot market would tend to bear that more. Obviously, we have to take into account that our channel partners are working on very thin margins as well, and we have to work together in terms of determining what's the right balance in order to continue to drive demand as we deliver more and more storage for less money, as also well as not getting squeezed on the margin side where we can't invest in R&D and capital.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Sure, understood. Maybe just to come back to -- I guess, historically, have there been instances whereby once you kind of negotiate prices with the OEMs, you can come back to renegotiate? Do we need to see some sort of major demand exceeding supply situation for you to be able to pass on these rare earth metals price...
Steve Luczo: We tend not to do that. It's happened in the industry. And I guess for us, I mean, as you know, we have more OEM market share than any of our competitors, I think. Well, maybe not Hitachi, they're pretty OEM-centric as well. But for us, we try and take the longer-term view and we try not to raise prices in our OEMs in quarter if we've made commitments because obviously, they plan their business around that as well. On the other hand, when disruptions happen and we try and work together in terms of cushioning that for both sides so that we can pursue our business opportunities. So I would say that for those customers that have committed, it would be less likely that we would have to come back to them with any sort of increase. If it got absolutely crazy, I think they'd be understanding in saying, "Yes, we understand what the problem is, and we have to work it together."
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then my other question is just getting back to the TAM. I guess we're kind of all perplexed here by the low seasonal trends for September. Was there something that happened in the first half of the June quarter where maybe that was abnormal or artificially inflated, i.e. hoarding, and that's why you're kind of being cautious here with the outlook?
Steve Luczo: No. Again, I don't know that the outlook is all that cautious relative to what a lot of the computer companies are saying, but maybe you have different data.
Patrick O’Malley: And the other thing, Mark, we did expect the June quarter evenly flat, even some have signaled down and it was up. So I mean...
Steve Luczo: I think you have to remember what my initial comments were is that this is also heavily influenced by a lot of uncertainty around global economic conditions. I think it's very dangerous to go talk about a very robust September when 1.5 weeks from now, you may have some real or perceived issue with the U.S. government that might shatter people's confidences or not. And so we're putting a forecast out there that we think is reasonable, given a lot of uncertainty in the world with respect to macroeconomic interlinks. But I don't think it's that inconsistent with what most of the IT industry is saying. And like I said, I mean, I don't know what Intel has said or is going to say, but I don't know that 170 million units is really all that short to what the industry is saying. If it is, you can kind of give me the data that says it is and we'll visit it. It's our best guess right now.
Operator: Our next question from comes from the line of Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple of questions as well. First in looking at the results over the last couple of quarters, you guys have consistently provided a guidance of basically flat sequential operating expenses. However, we've seen that surpassed here for 2 quarters in a row by a decent amount. Can you talk to us about why we should think flat or what's going on in the OpEx line that drove the upside this last quarter and just thinking about that, the quarter prior to that even?
Patrick O’Malley: This is Pat. The OpEx in the first half of the year was not -- did not have a variable comp plan. We did not hit our financial targets, the second half did. And we're planning on the objectives of the first half next year to have that. So that is probably the biggest variant. There's other variants of some level of increased investment either in sales and marketing for penetration, a few areas where we see some opportunistic views that we'll go after and see how we can harvest those and then just some other G&A costs, whether it's a litigation or, if you want to read our footnotes, we have quite a big load next year that may not manifest itself, but we are certainly planning for that level as laid out. The $350 million's pretty solidly underpinned as we see it today, so...
Steve Luczo: Yes. I think that the increase is $5 million or $6 million, and it's coming from 4 or 5 different directions. So we'd love to be able to say, "Well, it's increased investment for geographic expansion and there was a piece of that." But the reality is, when you split apart $6 million over $3 billion revenue, it kind of gets -- it's hard to kind of give you a list of stuff when we try to give you a flavor. Probably the litigation expense may be the -- if I had to point to the one single largest piece, it might be related to that. But it's also hard to tell for us whether or not some of these are going to settle or not. So I think we feel pretty good about $350 million right now.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And then on the product transitional points, can you remind us again of where you're at, how you're making these areal density transitions? Were you predominantly leading with your own head technology? I just want to understand. Again, kind of going back to the question of whether this might be a little bit more Seagate-specific relative to the overall industry, if there's any differential being driven by internal versus external usage of heads or other components for that matter.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I don't think so, I mean, other than I think in our portfolio on the desktop and in the enterprise, we're clearly ahead of the competition significantly in some cases. And so yes, we're -- it's not just areal density, right, there's performance issues and capacity issues and rotational speed issues. But if you want to boil it all down to areal identity, I suppose we could at some point. But I think for the most part, those are we utilize TDK and Seagate heads, and we don't see any competitive differences across the board so you kind of say Seagate's better or worse. We feel good about where we're at in our head technology and we feel very good about where TDK is. So I think in those 2 segments, it's primarily we're ahead of the game. And because we're ahead of the game, we're probably paying a little bit of a price of what it means to get through the transition. Obviously, the benefit of that is pretty significant once we can get off the yield curve. On notebook, I would say that, that's not the case, and we're certainly probably not ahead of the competition and we're probably not executing as well. And that's certainly still a large opportunity for us. And again, I wouldn't point it towards TDK heads versus RHO [ph] heads. I think it's just an execution issue that we need to address. And part of it is a portfolio that is significantly more complex than our competition in terms of 7-millimeter and 9.5-millimeter, 5400 and 7200. So it's a product portfolio where you're trying to leverage the technology. And obviously, we have our hybrid technology that is another differentiation, but it's also more complexity.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was just going actually ask that, and that will be my final question. Just update us on where you're at or where your thinking's at with regard to what you've said in the past on hybrid, when we should expect volumes ramping and how we should think about that opportunity or that move from the company.
Steve Luczo: Yes. We're still optimistic about it. I still kind of put my 5-year view out there, that I believe for a variety of reasons, the vast majority of our products will be hybrid, whether or not that's NAND flash-related or whether or not that's areal density-related or whether or not that's performance related at the device level or at the system level. I think there's many reasons why hybrid technology is going to be more and more relevant and prevalent. I think more specifically, we continue to have excellent traction with a broader and broader base of OEMs, so I think you'll see systems launching over the course of the next year that are going to incorporate the hybrid technology, especially as we get closer to deploying MLC-based technologies at the client level. That's obviously going to be a price point breakthrough that's going to be -- it's very significant in terms of the ramp on the product. And we feel that we're there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a quick clarification to begin with. The TAM guidance of 165 million to 170 million, is that based on what you think the industry can supply, or is that based on your expectations for demand in the calendar third quarter?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I'm glad you answered the question, about the same. I mean, I think it's -- again, we'll see what our competition says tomorrow. And our best guess is that's the best TAM. And I wanted to clarify that. And I also think that's about what the industry can supply. If it's higher than that, which if we're wrong and it's 175 million or 180 million because that's what the magic, 8.8% growth rate says on, what, the 2 quarter shipped, then I think the industry is going to be very constrained and it'll show up in September. I think the other thing I'd really like to emphasize, and I'm sorry I didn't in my comments or in the previous question, is the demand is unusual in terms of how it's profiling out this quarter, in that it's very strong in July and August and less visibility in September. And yet, if you look at the last 5 years of shipments by the industry, it's obviously the inverse of that, that July is weaker than August, and August and July are weaker than September by a fair degree. So the fact that it's so front-end loaded can either talk to lack of visibility or other strategies that our customers, or could talk to that yes, the 165 million to 170 million is conservative and that pop is going to happen in September. I think the industry will struggle to feed a lot of that upside, so that would just result in a situation in September that could be certainly challenging from a supply/demand perspective.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that's extremely helpful. And then just talking on the product transition issues. I know that you gave a number for the impact to gross margins from the raw material costs, 200 basis points. But can you give us a sense of what type of impact the product transition cost was to gross margins? I mean, you're at 18.8% now. Your long-term target is 22% to 26%. Would you have been in your long-term targets, or do you think you'll be on your long-term targets by the second half...
Steve Luczo: Yes, we'll be on our long-term targets, I mean, all things else being equal. But it's another couple of hundred basis points.
Patrick O’Malley: We'd be in our target margin range as we signaled earlier without the rare earth and we ramped historical. It's not that the late market just ramping is the issue, but if ramped historical, we'd be there. So we clearly see a path to get there, it's been a little longer than we want to get there.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just finally on the notebook products, you mentioned the mix was somewhat negative to the gross margins also. In the past, you talked about your notebook gross margins being lower than your desktop gross margins, that was a couple of years ago. Is that still the case, or would you say they're at parity?
Steve Luczo: It's very specific to current market conditions. I mean, we've had periods where our desktop -- our notebook margins are very attractive and other times when they're less so, and it's mostly pricing-related. I think if you look over the last 4 quarters, where price erosion has been the most aggressive it's been in the notebook space. And some of our competitors were very aggressive at certain capacity points and drove margins that were in the mid-20s. If you can actually measure margins that way, which we can get into a longer discussion about how real that is. But if you were to use some consistent application of accounting and said margins were in the mid-20s, those were driven down to certainly sub-double digit. So getting recovery on that as we have in the supply/demand imbalance has been good, but there's still margin levels that are less than the average for the company. And because Seagate was able to respond to upside at those capacity points, mostly 500 gigabytes, it was a good opportunity for a revenue upside that certainly was impressive. But from a margin perspective, it's squeezed margins a bit but added net income. So I think -- I'm not apologizing for it, but it's just part of the description of why the gross margins were impacted more as a result of that upside response.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah of Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: So Steve, I guess just for a bit of a clarification on TAM, sounds like you might be suggesting if we got the 4% to 5% sort of industry demand increase in the December quarter, that, that in fact, might be -- end of September quarter came in as you're forecasting, that might be a challenge to meet from the supply perspective.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I believe that's true.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Okay, great. And there, is there anything, any update you can give us, I guess, regarding sort of European Trade Commission communication? I guess anything you guys have sort of incrementally reached out to them with since they decided to take kind of like a deeper look, I guess, or request more information from you? And just maybe if you can just give us a sense of what your message to them has been through this whole process?
Steve Luczo: I mean, we've obviously been actively cooperating with them throughout the entire process, and I don't think that there's been any surprises in that process with respect to either request, reactions or response, timing or engaging with either suppliers, customers, competitors or internally at Seagate. So I think for us, it's been going as expected. It's a healthy process for everyone. And right now, we anticipate that will continue to proceed in a healthy positive manner and get the transaction closed by the end of the year.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Okay, great. And then just one last clarification, if I could. You said the expectation for more normalized yields on the new product transitions are second half of fiscal year '12. So that's first half of, I guess, like the March, March, June quarter of next year?
Steve Luczo: That's right. I mean, we're obviously working out transition yields and performance issues right now, but I think in terms of our opportunity to have those contribute in the way that, that Pat mentioned, where we can start seeing benefit at the margin level to get into our targeted range, we would expect it to start at the second half of the year. So we mean starting in the March quarter. Obviously, we're aggressively pursuing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Craig, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott Craig: Steve, can you give us, maybe give us an update on the SSDs in the enterprise, sort of what you're seeing there from your customers, the transition from Fibre Channel to SATA drives there as well? And then secondly, because you made a lot of product announcements recently in the SSD side and the enterprise, maybe you could just give us your thoughts on how you expect that business to ramp and when we should start seeing a meaningful contribution.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I mean, I think on the customer side, the reality is it's for a limited customer base who's using SSDs in the enterprise segment. And I'll let our customers identify who they are, but I think you know who the majority one is and what their success has been. They've been probably leading the charge in terms of defining an architecture, presenting it to their customers and getting good traction. And that's an account that we're not engaged with, with the Fibre Channel drive. We feel good about our technology. We feel good about where we're at on our SAS drives. And obviously, with the relationship with Samsung, we believe that the NAND sourcing and cost side of that is going to be very attractive. So our engagement with our customers certainly has accelerated, both with that agreement as well as getting further down the path on the joint technology development that we have with them, which is this class management engine chip. And in terms of meaningful revenue, I would say that once MLC starts getting incorporated into the devices, which we do feel very confident about the approach that we're taking, I think that's when you're going to start seeing a pretty significant milestone to what I've been saying for a year, which is to me, it's a 2015, 2016 thing, where you could look at that and say there's hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue, sort of somewhere between 5% and 15%, of incremental enterprise business that is associated with SSDs. And I think that's the important point. There's not a disk drive in the world that, say, that can do what an SSD does. So it's not replacing disk drives, it's basically opening up new applications other than group drives, which I think happened 3 years ago. So yes, I feel good about where we're at. I still think it's an opportunity that Seagate, and I guess I'll now characterize it as Seagate and Samsung jointly, are going to pursue in a way that's going to be tough to have a better product than.
Scott Craig: And then just a follow-up on the CapEx. Sounds like you're going to drop it here below the sort of normal targeted range. How long do you think that goes on? And then where are the priorities when you're looking at the CapEx over the next couple of quarters? And that's it for me.
Steve Luczo: Well, I think, for us, as we get to a -- I did a big -- we did a big reorganization a few months ago. And one of the big focuses on the reorg was to split the R&D function from the operating function, and within those areas, start to be rethinking how we deploy capital throughout the manufacturing side as opposed to by component, either with heads or disks or drives. And through that, I think that we've seen that we have some efficiencies that can be had. Maybe you could say that inversely, that maybe we have overinvested in some capital historically that maybe wasn't being as efficiently utilized as we think it can be now. And I think it's a decent amount, call it 5%, call it 10%, I think there's that amount in capital efficiency there that we can go attack. And Dave's off doing that. I'll have him talk more to it. And a lot of it is also this issue around complexity in the portfolio and then complexity of what we're doing in terms of how we're running our products in our factories that will basically ultimately yield a lot better capital improvement. So I think it's a big opportunity for us, to basically reduce that capital on a sustained basis and drive a lot more output with the smaller capital footprint. Where I worry about constraints? Historically, I probably would've said heads, depending again if areal density keeps -- petabyte shipments continue to grow at 40% year-over-year, and I think most people in the industry would say that aerial density is somewhere in the 25% range right now. And until you get a hammer deployment or whatever the next big generation is to boost areal density, the only way you can solve that problem is with more heads in disks. So I would historically have said probably heads. I'm starting to think probably more disks now, and I'll let Dave talk to that as well. But certainly it's the component level, not the drive level. And I think that's probably the bigger message, right. And we can argue at the margin as a constraint, first going to happen at wafer or slider or HSA, but I think it's at the component level. And if there's a marginal shift in my thinking, it's probably away from heads and towards media. But I think with -- at 40% areal density growth -- I mean, 40% petabyte growth and 25% areal density growth, if you show some macroeconomic recovery on top of that, there's going to be some challenges on the component side, and those are 9- to 12-month lead times on capital. So it's not something that will get resolved overnight. And I don't think it's something that the industry is going to lean into because all of us are operating at margin structures below our targeted range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland of Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Steve, just a clarification. I'm not sure if I understood the comment on earth-based commodity costs being more of a short-term concern than a long-term concern.
Steve Luczo: Well, I think we'll see how this thing plays out, and there's obviously a lot of dynamics going on that are certainly not in the conversations that I'm involved with, right. But I mean, the reality is it doesn't appear that there's a true supply constraint here. There's a lot of dynamics around owners of rare earth materials and processors of rare earth materials and who is controlling inventories at what level, as opposed to there's fundamentally some shortage. If there was fundamentally a shortage, then I would think that the fact that price is supposedly representing supply and demand. If you effectively reduce supply or enormously increase demand, that would mean that there's a sustained increase in price. I think this feels a little bit like a bubble. We went through it with ruthenium, I guess, in 2006, when there was a massive spike and it lasted 6 months and it settled down. Now did it settle down at levels higher than maybe it was originally? Yes, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near the spike level, like a factor of 10, is what the spike level was. So I think our point is that right now, since it doesn't feel like there's a fundamental supply issue, that it probably works itself out. And by the way, if these prices stay high, guess what, there's a bunch of U.S.-based mines that are going to come online again, and it will solve itself. It's not like the stuff doesn't exist. It's just that a lot of mines were closed down when the prices fell below $75, whatever the magic price is, and we're well above that right now. So I don't think it's a long-term issue. On the other hand, having a piece of something go up that's hitting in your margins by 200 basis points at a relatively short bit of time is not a lot of fun either, and we need to figure out how to address that.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. A question on Samsung also. Have you been able to do anything from a pre-integration planning perspective so far?
Steve Luczo: No. I mean, obviously, we're under regulatory review and regulatory process. There's lots of conditions around what we can and can't do, and there's some limited planning that you can do, and there's some limited -- more limited due diligence that you can do. All I want to comment is that to the extent that we have been able to get a deeper look into the resources or the technology or the products, we've really been favorably impressed, and I think this is going to be really significant for Seagate.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. Last question for me on Toshiba. And maybe this is too early to ask given supply chain constraints, but I'm wondering if you have or if you think you'll see actions from your PC OEM customers that would indicate a willingness to make Toshiba a stronger player in the industry eventually?
Steve Luczo: No. I mean, I think our customers care about supply, but I mean, I don't think they're going try and make Toshiba stronger. I mean, I think -- look, if the WD-Hitachi merger is approved, that's going to be an extremely powerful competitor that has a lot of revenue and deep technology, and they're going to drive areal density and product performance. And we all know the cost curves that we need to hit to deploy demand. Seagate's obviously been in that position for a while. We continue to make our company better, we hope. And it takes a lot of capital and a lot of R&D. If the Toshiba Corporation decides that disk drives is an area to allocate capital and expense to, then they'll be another supplier. But I don't think our customers are going to do that. It's going to come from our competitors, whether or not you have competitive technology and products. And this isn't an easy science. And it's a science that's getting tougher. And therefore, capital and R&D is a competitive advantage and we're at scale. And Hitachi and WD, if that merger goes through, will be at scale as well and Toshiba will be less so. And if you kind of look at that scenario, I think it would tend to say that they'll have a tougher road. But could they decide they want to invest $5 billion and get serious in the drive business? I don't know enough about Toshiba Corp. to know if that's the reality or not. But I've got enough to worry about with Seagate and [indiscernible]  All right. I just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. And we do look forward to speaking with you next quarter. And of course, I want to make sure that we thank all of our employees and our customers and our suppliers for another good quarter. Thanks very much, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Whitmore - Chief Technical Officer and Executive Vice President of Research & Development William Mosley - Executive Vice President of Operations Steve Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Patrick O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG Scott Craig Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to conference call to discuss today's announcement by Seagate and Samsung. Later in the call, Seagate will also be discussing its fiscal third quarter 2011 finance results. My name is Shanelle, and I'll be coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in the June 2011 quarter and thereafter, the company's ability to generate free cash flow on a sustained basis, the company's stated policy and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These statements also include statements regarding the transactions described in our earlier  press release announcing our strategic alignment, the expected benefits from the proposed transaction, the financial impact of the proposed transaction of the company's financials, the company's ability to consummate the proposed transaction, the satisfaction of closing conditions precedent to the consummation of the proposed transaction, the company's expectation with respect to integration and the timing for closing the proposed transaction.  These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause the result to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-K/A and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2010; October 6, 2010; November 3, 2010; and February 3, 2011, respectively.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. This conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our press release. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP item is posted on our website at www.seagate.com. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead. Mr. Luczo, you may proceed.
Steve Luczo: I'm sorry about that. First of all, I just want everyone to know that I'm calling in from Singapore and to apologize that the transmission isn't as clear as it normally is. Good morning, and thanks for joining the call today. On the call with me from Seagate are Pat O’Malley, Seagate's Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of Research & Development; Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Operations; Rocky Pimentel, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing; and Ken Massaroni, our General Counsel.  I'll focus my remarks on our strategic thinking and the benefits of the Samsung transaction, and Pat will address the transaction details and the financial implications. As you've seen from our press release, in addition to discussing the strategic relationship we have entered into with Samsung, we will also use the later portion of the call to review our fiscal third quarter of 2011 financial results and our outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter. We will not be hosting our previously scheduled call this afternoon.  To begin, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all of the management, employees and advisers who have worked so diligently over these last several months to structure these transactions and agreements. Through a series of transactions and agreements announced today, Seagate and Samsung are significantly expanding and strengthening our strategic relationship by further aligning our respective ownership of, investments in and sharing of key technologies. By aligning in this way, we expect to achieve greater sale and deliver a broader range of innovative storage products and solutions to our customers, while facilitating our long-term relationship with Samsung.  The elements of the relationship, each of which I will speak to in more detail, include: Samsung combining its HDD operations into Seagate; extending and enhancing the patent cross license agreement between the companies; a NAND flash memory supply agreement, under which Samsung will provide Seagate with its market-leading semiconductor products for use in our enterprise SSD, solid-state hybrid drives and other products; a disk drive supply agreement, under which Seagate will supply drives to Samsung for its PCs, notebooks and consumer electronics; extended cooperation between the companies to co-develop enterprise storage solutions; Samsung receiving significant equity ownership in Seagate; and a shareholder agreement, under which an executive of Samsung will be nominated to join Seagate's Board of Directors.  The combined value of all of these transactions and agreements is approximately $1.375 billion, which will be paid by Seagate to Samsung in the form of 50% stock and 50% cash. The primary objective of our new relationship, anchored by these agreements is to enable both companies to better align current and future product development efforts and roadmaps, accelerate time-to-market for new products and position the companies to better address rapidly evolving opportunities in a variety of markets, including mobile computing, cloud computing and solid state storage.  Specifically, we will be able to optimize resources of both companies to advance technology on behalf of our customers. This will increase our responsiveness to customer needs, accelerate the adoption of next-generation technology, speed innovation and allow customers to benefit from an important technology transitions. In addition, through the mutual supply agreements that are part of our strategic relationship with Samsung, Seagate secures an important source of a leading edge NAND flash supply, as well as early visibility into the development of next-generation NAND technologies. This will be very valuable to Seagate, as we continue to execute on our strategy of developing SSD and solid state hybrid product offerings. These agreements also position Seagate to be a more significant supplier of disk drives to Samsung for their broad offering of products.  Once this transaction is complete, Samsung will have a significant ownership position in Seagate and the right to nominate an executive of Samsung to join Seagate's Board of Directors. This further underscores the high level of alignment between our companies and position Samsung to benefit, along with Seagate's other shareholders, from this enhanced relationship, as we execute together in the future. The key aspects of the agreements that I want to highlight is that we are acquiring only those elements of Samsung HDD operation that Seagate needs in order to achieve greater scale and efficiency. Together with Samsung, we have been thoughtful in identifying the assets, infrastructure and people that we need to drive scale and innovation, which we expect to be able to leverage to enhance our future products and accelerate innovation.  Elements of the HDD operations that we do not need will be retained and redeployed within Samsung. Because we have structured the transaction this way, we do not anticipate significant restructuring cost, and we expect to achieve significant reduction of overall operating expenses for the combined businesses while maintaining the integration cost and distractions -- by minimizing the integration cost and distractions that have been associated with other transactions historically.  To help us accomplish that smooth transition and minimize distractions and disruptions, as well as restructuring charges, a number of support and transition functions will be temporarily provided by Samsung to Seagate. We will be focused on achieving a timely closing of all elements of this enhanced strategic relationship. We anticipate that the revised IT, cross-licensing agreements and the NAND supply agreement will be become effective this quarter. The other elements, including the acquisition of Samsung's HDD operations, the equity investment by Samsung and Seagate, and the HDD supply agreement will be driven by the regulatory approval timetable. For those elements, we are targeting closing by the end of calendar 2011. With that, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Patrick O’Malley: Thank you, Steve. First, to summarize the key terms of the transaction, we believe that the consideration of structure in a way that is optimal for both parties. Under the terms of the agreement, Samsung will receive consideration consisting of 50% Seagate ordinary shares and 50% cash. Upon closing, Samsung will receive Seagate ordinary shares valued at $687.5 million. Specifically, they will receive 45.2 million shares, or approximately 9.6% ownership of Seagate, based on Seagate's 30-day volume weighted average stock price prior to signing. Samsung will also receive $687.5 million in cash. The amount of cash paid is consistent with Seagate's balanced capital deployment strategy which also encompasses the recently declared dividend, ongoing share repurchase and recent debt price refinancing. I like to emphasize that the $1.357 billion represents the value of all the elements of this transaction, including the HDD operations, cross licenses and supply agreements. However, even if you just consider the HDD operations alone, which are capable of producing 18 million units per quarter, this is a highly effective use of capital in line with our overall capital deployment strategy. We expect our capital budgets to remain at a level we have discussed previously of 68% of revenues going forward.  During calendar 2010, Samsung's HDD operations shipped approximately 66 million units and had $3.1 billion of revenues. We anticipate that summary balancing by customers may happen in connection with this transaction, but we will be focused on maximizing revenue retention. We expect that any revenue attrition will be mitigated because Samsung's customer base, which includes a significant volume of distribution channel customers, has a relatively little overlap with Seagate's customer base. In addition, the supply arrangement with Samsung will enable continuity of demand. So we are confident that we can manage and limit revenue attrition effectively and achieve an attractive return profile. As a result of the transaction structure, Seagate expects these transactions and agreements to be meaningfully accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share and cash flow within the first full year following the closing. With that, let's now shift to the March quarter financial results and the outlook for the June quarter, and then we'll open up the call to Q&A. As we have done now for the past several quarters, we have posted detailed supplemental information about the quarter on our Investor Relations website. Seagate reported revenue of $2.7 billion and non-GAAP gross margin of 19.2% for the March quarter, both at the high-end of our January forecast. The company also reported non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.25 per share. Earlier this month, Seagate announced that the board had approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.18 per share. The establishment of the quarterly dividend is an important milestone for the company as it reflects the strength of our balance sheet and a strong cash generation ability of our business. Additionally, it demonstrates the confidence that the board and the management team have in the company's ability to generate free cash flow on a sustained basis. No change is anticipated in this dividend in policy in light of today's announcement.  During the March quarter, we repurchased 29.5 million shares for approximately $405 million. This leaves approximately $1.6 billion remaining under existing share repurchase authorization, and we anticipate no change in authorization program in light of today's announcement. We expect to maintain a sufficient cash balance that will enable the company to respond quickly to changes in market dynamics, take advantage of unexpected opportunities, and provide flexibility for future investments and growth. The goal of our capital structure strategy is unchanged: to maximize shareholder returns, while maintaining the flexibility to invest in a broad range of storage technologies to serve our customers.  Turning to the June quarter outlook, the impact of the Japan earthquake and tsunami in March is still affecting the PC supply chain, and in particular, it's constraining supply of hard disk drives due to specific component shortages, power issues and transportation issues. Seagate has not been materially negatively impacted by these issues to date. While we do not anticipate component shortages directly attributed to the tragedy in Japan to impact Seagate, we are closely monitoring the situation. As of now, we expect the situation to be volatile for several months. As such, we are planning for June quarter industry can to be flat to slightly down as compared to the March quarter. The June quarter outlook does not include the impact of restructuring activities, future mergers, acquisitions, financing, dispositions or other business combinations the company may undertake. The company's policies refrain from commenting on any such activities. As a result, the outlook for the June quarter is approximately $2.7 billion, OpEx is flat to the March quarter, a tax rate between 3% and 10%, diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.23 per share. We are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And your first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First question for me is, I understand that you guys are talking about the dividend and share repurchase. How do we look, post this deal? How does the balance sheet, how does the capital structure look? How much data are you willing to put on the balance sheet, just kind of any framework of how we should think about that?
Steve Luczo: I'll give a brief answer, and then, Pat, you can fill in. As indicated, the deal is really -- the whole transaction is actually being financed with cash from our balance sheet that we currently have, as well as equity. And I think risk ratio -- cash generation capabilities of the company, we certainly feel that the transaction will be financed in a manner that will not change any of the elements with respect to the dividend or the long-term buyback program that we've had in place. That being said, we're not commenting on any future financings we might take , it is not necessary at the course of this transaction but just as a course of our normal balance sheet management. Pat, you want to...
Patrick O’Malley: Yes. The only thing I'd add is today we're $2.9 billion. We also have structured debt due in October. With this transaction, we're comfortable with both coming off the balance sheet, but we're also very comfortable with the level of debt we have today.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then as a follow on, I think you referenced $18 million as kind of the capacity that Samsung offers. I think there's been stories out there, some indications out there, that Samsung does leverage TDK as a manufacturer of a portion of their hard drive business. Can you say how much TDK -- is TDK included in that 18 million number or is that just the capacity that has been the manufacturing capacity within Samsung?
Steve Luczo: Right. I'll answer the question, no, the 18 million units in the $3.2 billion is representative of the total output of Samsung that they have seen all through the relationship with TDK/SAE, as well as the assets that they own and operate directly.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And how much do they -- how much of that is TDK?
Steve Luczo: We're not breaking that up, but we're basically having access to both of those asset bases.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then final question for me is on your guidance, are you assuming -- in your preliminary results, you talked about distribution inventory levels running below the targeted range. Is your guidance assuming any replenishment at all of distribution inventory levels? And if you can tell us what those levels currently stand at?
Steve Luczo: I'll answer part of that, and I'll ask Dave Mosley, probably, to answer the other part of it. I just think, in terms of what might happen during the quarter, it's very fluid right now. The supply situation is constrained, and therefore, ability to drive inventory levels to what might be considered more normal levels would probably be difficult. So, Dave, you want to add anything to that?
William Mosley: We're not anticipating any significant replenishment. We finished below our targeted four weeks. But from our perspective, things were -- in the channel were lower than what we expected. But a lot of that was the strength of the last five or six weeks of the quarter, so I think it's really hard to forward forecast given all the disruptions we talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Barclays.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Steve, can you talk a little bit more about Samsung's earnings potential? I mean, you're saying it's accretive. It could be meaningfully accretive, any numbers around that. And in particular, what are Samsung's gross margins? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I'm going to let Pat answer that in more detail. But we are not prepared to talk about specifics on the earnings model yet. And we have a lot of work to do in the interim period. And of course, we're also subject to regulatory conditions in terms of the type of work that we can do with Samsung until the transaction is approved by the various regulators throughout the world. But based on what we know and what the opportunities are around leveraging the infrastructure and the fact that it's a pretty capital light operation that we do believe will be meaningfully accretive. Pat, you want anything else to add?
Patrick O’Malley: You're absolutely right, Steve. We're leveraging through the structure they had, we certainly scale with our own components, further scale with their own components. And as Steve said, one of the very asset light business would fit in very well with our strategy that we can leverage more and their operating expenditures we certainly could lever that. So we see many vectors of leverage in this. A very well known structure that within the first full year, it strikes us to be meaningfully accretive.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: In terms of gross margins, going forward, I think it's pretty well known that they're not -- given their lack of enterprise exposure, etc., it'll be meaningfully below where you're at now. And so with lower gross margins, we still get you at least in the beginning, we get you meaningfully accretive.
Steve Luczo: But, Ben, you're taking that under the construct what their scale and leverage was. I mean, they were very -- as a design team, very, very efficient. They just didn't have scale and leverage. Now you put that in our business, you can't take their gross margin as they're operating today and lay them into our financials because we're going to get scale out of theirs, which they lack. They don't lack design capabilities or manufacturing capabilities, they just lack scale.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. Then just a little bit more on pricing, can you talk about, on the industry with regard to the quarter in your guidance, Steve and Pat, what happened with pricing towards the end of the quarter? It sounds like there was surge in business. It sounds like distributors, especially looking for product in cases of shortage. And can you talk about what pricing does specifically and how you see pricing in the June quarter? That would be great.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think the quarter, it wasn't a surge in demand due to a concern about supplier alert. There is constrained supply. And a lot of course the pricing negotiations with their OEMs have already been concluded prior to the disruptioning of the supply chain. And of course the channel is more typically a spot market and is basically the evidence of the supply/demand tightness right now, that the pricing has firmed relative to where it was.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: And in June? What are your expectations of pricing?
Steve Luczo: Again, I think, as we indicated in the call, we expect that the supply situation is going to remain constrained through the June quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: First, as it relates to the joint development and partnership with Samsung on asset fees, does this actually accelerate time-to-market? Are they much more strongly competitive as is the solution in enterprise? And what's your latest thinking as to when you'll have a very competitive product in the market in that space?
Steve Luczo: Well, I contend that the other competitor [indiscernible] (26:07)Dave talk to that more exclusively, but I think as it relates to what we consider our third generation product which is the one that we are developing a piece of silicon with Samsung, and utilizing their NAND flash. It doesn't accelerate the timing of that. That product, that program is on schedule. And I'll let Bob speak to that. I think we've given updates in the last couple of calls. But I do think it does address an issue that customers have raised repeatedly, as well. They have a lot of confidence around the capabilities of Samsung and Seagate's ability to design this last management engine, leveraging our capabilities at the channel and interface and controller level and ,of course, Samsung in terms of [indiscernible] (26:54) silicon. There's always been a little bit of a concern about without a formal supply agreement, what was the whole package going to look like. So they're specific to that agreement, are subject to MDA, but I'm pleased with where we ended up. And I think it’s a significant conclusion to that entire strategy. Dave, you want to add anything?
William Mosley: No, I think you said it well.
Steve Luczo: Bob, you want to talk about the timing?
Robert Whitmore: No, I think you said it. I think the engagement with Samsung is longer-term. And currently we are in qualification with our SLC product. SAS, SLC products, we just -- you'll see in the supplement that we just announced our NLC-based SSD, which will be coming into production shortly. So those two are unchanged, and as Steve said, the real strategic engagement will happen on the third generation.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: On the quarter, the $26 million increase, and with in raw material inventory, we've got a strategic decision, post the Japan earthquake, and is that what is driving your confidence in being able to set the components you need for June or is that confidence driven by conversations you've had throughout the supply chain or a combination of both?
Steve Luczo: Yes, obviously a follow-up on -- I'll take the last part of it. So far, I'm looking for some wood here to knock on, the issues related to the Japanese earthquake and tsunami haven't directly impacted us in terms of component availability. That being said, obviously, that's major transportation hub is damaged, major power grid is damaged. There's a lot of human loss. So the implications, I think, are still to develop. So we have tended to have very weak and broad supply chain. And it may be one of the reasons why, historically, some of our cost of goods maybe was higher than some of our competition because we tend to keep multiple sources, and maybe sometimes, not necessarily a cost with that, but I think in this particular case, the relationships most definitely supply chain are certainly benefiting us relative to some other people that are in the PC supply-chain. Dave, you wanted to talk specifically to the inventory issues?
William Mosley: Yes, Katy, I think you said it. You talked about the earthquake and tsunami as the trigger. I think that's probably not the right way to characterize it. We believe the demand in March was pure demand, real demand, and it's actually extended somewhat into April. And so the staging and the width of the raw materials is all about staging for that early month 1 demand. I think there'll still be the volatility all the way out through June. And that's the thing that we made reference to before relative to the supply-chain disruption.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And just lastly, Pat, I think you've said that the earliest growth margins could uptick would be the September quarter with the new desktop products planned to be launched. With the industry consolidation and the tightness we've seen over the last several weeks, is there a chance that that changes, and there's some potential upside for June? Are you still thinking about that back half as when the earliest the gross margin could...
Steve Luczo: Yes. With respect -- there hasn't been any industry consolidation. These transactions are all still pending and everybody is still competing against each other like they normally would. And I don't know what the indication is on the WD/Hitachi transaction. I think it was anywhere from 4 to 12 months. And we've indicated that we believe that this would be sometime before the end of this year. So that aspect doesn't really change anything, and I don't think we'll change anything post transaction. I think, as I indicated, there does appear to be security supply/demand imbalance that's related to component shortages that are impacting the various people in the supply-chain and in particular in this PC supply-chain. And that could have the implication of firmer pricing and depending on how bad those dislocations get, that will impact margins. Right now, as you can tell, we're not actually predicting anything like that happening.
Patrick O’Malley: I hear you, Steve. I mean, we've been focused about the new products, and that's what's going to drive it for us. These other ancillary items are, as Steve said, maybe opportunistically. But this year is all about driving the product transitions and how to sustain ability to hold the gross margins higher. So that's number one. And these other opportunities, as Dave and Steve echoed, we are positioned to take advantage of them. But it is going to be volatile, so we want to be flexible on that. So I think we're still just focused on driving a cost structure for the new products that will maintain it for a period of time.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you. That's it for me.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Richard Kugele of Needham.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. Just a couple of questions, I guess. First, in terms of Samsung, can you give us a sense of what their mix was versus -- OEM versus channel? And then secondly, in terms of the quarter, is it fair to say then, just to summarize some of your comments, that your lack of impact on the component availability is leading to the opportunity for you to pick up maybe some share over the near term? And does that affect -- has some of that share been as well leakage from Hitachi WD a little early, if you've had any color from the OEMs on that side?
Steve Luczo: Rich, I think I'll answer the second question first. I think that -- I don't know if it has anything to do with leakage from an announced transactions. I think it's more related to the relative impact that the component shortages have had on all of our competitors. And we have seen a lot of upsides from a lot of customers, and we can only respond to so many. And of course we need to manage our overall production, as well, given the fact that our factories are getting near capacity as well. So I don't know that I can say that it's the leakage because of the talks of Hitachi/WD transaction as much the interruptions to the supply-chain. With respect to Samsung OEM channel, I'm not going to talk specifically to it other than to indicate, obviously, they have a large OEM customer in the form of their own company on the PC side and other computer-related products and consumer products. And then they also have a channel business that's very interesting. There's not a lot of overlap, as it turns out between new the Seagate customer base and the Samsung customer base, particularly in the channel. They have some very unique access points to markets that we think we can learn a lot from.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Just one last one on Samsung. Is the $688 million worth of stock, does that vary as the stock price if it were to rise? Would you issue less shares or is that a fixed share volume?
Steve Luczo: No, it's a fixed share volume that we based on the negotiated transaction volume of 1.375, but it has a 30-day average on the calculation on these shares. So that share count is now fixed.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, and congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: If you look at over the longer term, do you think the combined entity will have a different longer-term gross margin target than what Seagate has independently had?
Steve Luczo: Pat, you want to answer that question?
Patrick O’Malley: At this stage, we would not certainly move away from it. Obviously, they don't have the enterprise business. But what we think we can pick up scale and drive cost savings, we would, at this point, not move away from that. We'll continue to evolve that story, but our intention is to drive and keep our target margin at 22% to 26%.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just for March quarter, can you just talk about what drove the strength in the quarter? Was it the OEM sort of buildup inventory towards the end of the year, end of the quarter or was it more broad-based in demand that you saw?
Steve Luczo: I'll answer that question in a second, but I think just one thing also on the benefits of the Samsung transaction. I mean, Pat mentioned scale a couple of times. I think it's important for everyone to realize though that Samsung is a very capable designer and producer of hard disk drives. And there's a lot of technology ownership that Samsung has both on the design side and on the production side. But we believe we'll be able to bring elements of that over to our entire operation being able to leverage across our portfolio. I think it's important to note it's not just about a mass number of scale, but that’s a very confident group that’s been in business for a long time. Making certainly a material amount of disk drives and there will be benefits we can leverage across our whole company, and hopefully reduce cost and pass those savings on to our customers. Dave, you want to talk on the kind of the demand elements in the March quarter?
William Mosley: Yes, just relative to the linearity January, February fairly slow. And that followed a December that was fairly slow as well. The March was strong. And again, I believe, and I talked about this earlier relative to the distribution channel, it was fairly broad-based demand. I think that the OEM band distribution was fairly well represented in March. And I think some of that strengths continued into April as there were a number of supply disruptions, I think, even earlier in January, the various chains that have caused people to pull back a little bit in January and February.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just finally, if my math's right, looks like the June quarter gross margin are trading down, could you just confirm that and so what's driving it?
Steve Luczo: Pat, do you want to address that?
Patrick O’Malley: Yes, I'll take that. Yes, they're going down, as much as we feel very comfortable where we're at in April, Steve and Dave talked about the volatility of this. I mean what we're – we’re modeling is for an historical June quarter. We certainly think there's potential upside to that, but given the nature of the supply-chain, where it's been impacted, we're just modeling for the lack of any other reason, just for historical, given the dynamics and the whole business model for that. So it has to be modeled down because of the approach we're taken to the forecast.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Craig of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott Craig: Steve, maybe from a long-term perspective, there's a lot of consolidation going on in the industry obviously. So how do you think the margin structure gets affected for the industry longer term? Is up a couple hundred basis points a reasonable assumption given everything that's going on? And then secondly, do you guys foresee any regulatory issues going on with any of the transactions that are pending, given the top two players that are going to have a fairly significant market share here?
Steve Luczo: I think with respect to the second one, no, we don't anticipate regulatory problems. We'll be working with the regulatory agencies in all of relevant jurisdictions to get the transaction approved as constructed, and we're confident that we can do that. I think in terms of margins going forward, I think the important thing about the industry consolidation is, honestly, is more about creating business models that can fund new technology going forward that our customers need. I think as a result of a lot of issues, the demand for storage is accelerating. The petabyte growth is very strong and really has been over the last six to eight quarters, even in an economy that, for the most part, has been pretty lackluster.  The petabyte growth, the shift by the drive industry has grown at a very high rates, higher than historical rates. And this is against a backdrop of an areal density curve that is actually slowing, where that person in the S curve, where basically the technology gains we can get out of the current levels of technology are getting more and more difficult.  So that means in order to address that pipeline growth, either a lot more investment has to go into the fundamental technology to accelerate our areal density. And if that can't be achieved with the current level, the current generation of technology, then the only way that you can really provide that storage required is with more heads and disks, which of course is a big capital budget to it. So I think the consolidation is really reflective of the needs of the industry to make new investments in capital and technology to continue to provide these devices that are in such huge demand. And, oh by the way, the demand is probably accelerating as a result of all these wonderful viewing devices that basically are putting very rich content in front of people and therefore, that content, which is very rich in terms of its density, has to be stored in that storage. It has to be on rotating discharge because of the cost and the density of that technology.  So even though that end viewing device may or may not have a disk drive on it, everything that's up and down the food chain to pump it through that little beautiful window needs to be stored in that magnetic rotating disk somewhere. All that being said, the ability, commercial deployment, enterprise computing in Asia, this is a big demand for what we do and how we continue to deliver it in a way that allows our customers, whether they're not consumers or enterprise or system integrators, they do that as competitively as they had for the last 30 years. And I think it's more about stability of a business model so you can make those investments as opposed to necessarily a gross margin structure changing or increasing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Shope of Goldman Sachs.
Steve Luczo: And I think we're just going to take one more question now because we're, I think we're getting close to market opening, If I'm not mistaken.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Assuming the deal closes, can you walk through how we should think about your longer-term procurement strategy? In particular, how we should think about your sourcing of internal versus external components?
Steve Luczo: I don't think there will be any big changes. And again, I think Seagate has a strong relationship with many of the same suppliers that Samsung does. And it's our expectation that we can both actually strengthen those relationships as result of this transaction. So I don't think that there's going to be any fundamental change in our long-term strategy. Dave, you want to add anything to that? Shanelle, sorry, I meant we can take one more. Looks like we have just a few minutes here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to just ask about your CapEx plans, going forward. I think on the call you mentioned that you didn't have any changes to your CapEx plans with the transaction. But I'm curious, with the Samsung acquisition, does that mean you're getting additional capacity? You don't feel you need to add anything this year? Do you think you'll need to add capacity for the second half of the year? Just wanted to get a sense of what you're thinking about.
Steve Luczo: Once the transaction closes, we will have capacity that is coming over from Samsung. And we would certainly intend on utilizing that. And I think, the message should have been not that our capital budget is going to change, but as a percentage of revenue, we'll still expect that to be in the 6% to 8% range. The Samsung operations have been very capital efficient, so there's an advantage to us in terms of not having take on a lot of capital that's expensive or depreciated or not depreciated. It's a very capital-light model that they have to produce anything that they produce. We'll be able to leverage that, obviously, over time, absorb it into an integrated manufacturing organization. And overall, I think we can still hold capital budgets of 6% to 8%.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: And so is the idea that if there's some overflow potentially you use TDK to manufacture those drives, is that kind of the thinking?
Steve Luczo: We're not going to talk to specific arrangements, but again we don't see any sudden changes to the relationships that Samsung have.
Steve Luczo: Okay, I'd really like to thank everyone. And I feel sorry that we had to shift the call at the last minute. But I'm sure you can understand. It's been a complex and moving transaction that we are pleased to conclude. And therefore announced part of the opening today, I want to thank all of the Seagate customers and suppliers and employees, in particular, for their effort over the last quarter. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Luczo - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William Mosley - Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing Patrick O’Malley - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Cihra - Caris & Company Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Ana Goshko - BofA Merrill Lynch Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Richard Schutte
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Seagate Technology's Fiscal Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Melanie, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements related to the company's future operating and financial performance in the March 2011 quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-K/A and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2010; October 6, 2010; and November 3, 2010, respectively. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Steve Luczo: Thank you, Melanie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of Research & Development and Manufacturing Operations; and Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. As we've done for the past two quarters, detailed supplemental information about the quarter has been posted on our Investor Relations website. In addition, we recently completed a number of studies that represent Seagate's point of view on tablets and mobility, SSDs and flash, cloud computing and the demand for storage over the next decade. In total, there are eight documents that provide an excellent basis for important emerging storage trends. You can find these documents now on Seagate's Investor Relations website on seagate.com. I will review the results for the December quarter, address a few of the questions that we know many of you have, and then we'll open up the call to question and answer.  As you may recall, we've reported our second quarter business outlook in November, as opposed to providing it with our first quarter results in October. In our outlook for the December quarter, we noted the following: Demand for hard disk drives had improved from the summer early fall; expectations for the total available market was approximately 170 million units; and supply and demand appear to be well balanced with the company's inventory across all channels at or below targeted levels. As a result, we forecasted at least $2.7 billion in revenue and gross margins as a percent of revenue of at least 19.5%.  While the total available market for the quarter was in line with expectations at approximately 168 million units, disk drive shipments had a greater than seasonal slowdown in the last two weeks of the quarter. In particular, Seagate experienced a slowing of demand in the Asia-Pacific distribution channel during the last two weeks of the quarter and elected to reduce shipments and maintain our pricing discipline. Seagate met its revenue and gross margin target of $2.7 billion and 19.5%, respectively, due primarily to a greater than expected increase in the average storage capacity per drive shipped in all markets. The December quarter results also included the impact of additional customer support costs associated with our long-term supply agreements. The negative impact to gross margin percentage was approximately 170 basis points, and we are confident that the impact is fully reflected and contained within the December quarter results. For the December quarter, we also reported non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.33, even with a higher than anticipated provision for income tax.  With respect to our capital structure, the focus of the board and management continues to be on regularly evaluating ways to optimize the balance sheet in light of current and future capital market conditions and the current and future operating environment. Importantly, Seagate continues to focus on maximizing shareholder returns, while maintaining the flexibility for continued investment in a broad range of storage technologies as required by our existing and evolving customers.  Pursuant to this plan, the board in November authorized the company to repurchase an additional $2 billion of ordinary shares. In December, we used $305 million to purchase 21 million shares. Also during the quarter, we issued $750 million of senior unsecured notes. The board and management are continuing to evaluate alternatives beyond the stock buyback, including, for example, distribution of a quarterly dividend to increase shareholder value from our company's consistent and significant cash flow. This reflects our long-term confidence in the demand for disk drives in the Internet-based computing environment that is positively impacting both commercial and consumer storage demand. As an example, in the December 2010 quarter, Seagate experienced a 31% increase per drive average capacity shipped year-over-year. We believe this is further evidence of the need for the company's affordable mass storage products for the expanding user base that utilizes media and data-rich content.  Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash totaled $2.9 billion, and long-term debt including current portion also stood at $2.9 billion, with most maturity dates evenly distributed approximately every two years from 2014 to 2020.  As we look forward to the next quarter and into calendar year 2010, we continue to strive to provide guidance that accounts for the global macroeconomic environment and the changing competitive dynamics in our industry. With that perspective, we expect the following conditions to shape the March quarter: The industry has marginal excess capacity; the industry has limited volume of new products; continued muted consumer demand for PCs; strengthening commercial demand for PCs against the backdrop of the typical seasonal patterns of a March quarter and strengthening enterprise demand.  For the March quarter, we are planning for the industry TAM to be between 155 million and 165 million units. We expect revenue of $2.55 billion to $2.7 billion and gross margin of 18% to 19%. The outlook for the quarter is influenced by less visibility and demand post-Chinese New Year. In addition, gross margins remain under pressure as cost of many upstream materials have not declined at rates equal to the price erosion experienced in calendar 2010 and expected in calendar 2011.  On a longer-term basis, we believe that the commercial and enterprise markets will be strong throughout calendar 2011, especially as the commercial refresh continues in large enterprises. In addition, we believe that the demand for consumer and commercial mass storage will continue to accelerate as required by the introduction of many more devices creating and consuming real-time data and rich content.  Finally, we are encouraged with our new product offerings in every market we serve. And we expect those new products will contribute to margin expansion in the second half of calendar 2011.  Before we open up the call for questions, we will address the questions I referenced earlier. The first is, when does the company return to its targeted gross margin range? There are three primary factors that will influence when we return to our targeted margin range: the timing of Seagate's transition to new products; the timing of component cost declines approximate to HDD price declines; and overall industry supply demand alignment.  Since we have most direct control over our new product introductions and they are most likely to result in gross margin expansion, I will address the calendar year 2011 new product transitions for Seagate first. We are starting the qualification process with our customers for three new enterprise hard drives, including industry-leading products for both mission-critical and business-critical applications, as well as our second-generation SSD products. In addition to the adoption of our solid-state hybrid drives, we have a series of new client storage products coming to market this year in both the 2.5- and 3.5-inch form factors.  And finally, we have just released the new line of GoFlex products designed for the Mac community and announced a Certified GoFlex Storage System, which provides a standard that allows device manufacturers to build a wide variety of consumer products such as media players, set-top boxes, computers and televisions, with a slot to support removable GoFlex external hard drives.  We expect contributions from our new product transitions in the second half of calendar 2011. But with respect to the cost of supplied materials, we believe that the biggest opportunity for cost reduction occurs at the time of our product transition. Although based on yesterday's WD call, we clearly have work to do with respect to our supply base and calls to our suppliers as you might imagine began this morning.  With respect to supply management against demand, we will note that in addition to consistently stating the need for industry to focus on this alignment, Seagate again demonstrated its focus on this alignment by having slightly lower shipments against a TAM that slightly increased.  The second question is what is your view on tablets and how they may be impacting, negatively or positively, the HDD industry? Long term, we believe tablets and other mobile devices like Smart phones are and have been net positives for the hard drive industry. During the last 30 years, whenever new devices are introduced that consume or create a great deal of rich data like video, it has been a positive for the storage industry. In this case, Smart phones and tablets need to stream data, and a significant portion of that data will be consumer-generated content, mostly video. Therefore, as these new devices consume significant amount of data and content, users will expect the same experience that they've grown accustomed to with other consumption devices.  It seems clear that in order to deliver that overall experience, the most affordable and proven solution is the utilization of disk drives as a caching device throughout the network. Whether the storage is in a NAS box in your home, in the cloud, or in a local cloud, Seagate provides products for all those markets.  The final question is how aggressive will the company be buying stock back, given the outlook for the March quarter? The board authorized a share repurchase plan based on its confidence in the company's long-term prospects. Based on our current view of the March quarter, you can expect that at the current price range, the company will be actively repurchasing shares.  Melanie, we're now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to get a sense of what you felt like the operating expenses would do in some of the other lines. And if you'd be willing to give an EPS number? I'm coming out somewhere around, I don't know, $0.22 as a midpoint, but I wanted to make sure I was in the right ballpark.
Steve Luczo: I'll let Pat respond on that.
Patrick O’Malley: Sherri, our model has been – I think Steve gave all the elements to it. I wouldn't expect a major change in your operating expense. Though, given the taxes, I won't discount your model – on the margin may be slightly different but I think you're using the right data elements.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: And then Steve, I was hoping you could give us an outlook for the full year. I think Western Digital commented last night that they thought the industry units would be a little below $700 million, which doesn't seem like very strong growth. It's, I don't know, 6% or 7%. Do you guys have similar views on growth this year or do you think it will be closer to something like 10%?
Steve Luczo: I think it's too early to say, really. I mean, I think there's a lot of variability around calendar 2011 that runs probably in a few different vectors. One clearly is when and if and how strong the consumer demand picks up, and I think that's just a function of overall economic environment. I think the refresh cycle that's occurring in the enterprise has the potential for remaining at the pace today or potentially accelerating. You know, we're seeing strength in the enterprise market, and we have, and it seems to be building. So I just think depending on how those things play out through the summer, it's just hard to make a call here in January what 2011 looks like, given the dynamics at the macro level that are still present in the world. I think the way I think about it is visibility has probably gotten better, but most of the OEMs are still – they're pretty nervous and if they see any sort of slowdown, they pretty much cut back on the supply chain quickly. So I think until we get a lot more confidence that there's a sustained recovery, it's really hard to make a 2011 projection. And right now, we would probably look more towards the Gartners of the world and see what they're saying and probably play our planning off of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Kugele of Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: First, when it comes to hybrid drives in particular, what do you see is the market opportunity now that you've had a product out there for a bit? And what percentage of your mix do you think ultimately is appropriate for hybrids just in general?
Steve Luczo: Well, I think clearly, the experience that we've had with the devices to date has been very favorable, ahead of expectations, the interest by a wide breadth of OEMs is fairly substantial, and that goes in a wide variety of devices, whether or not it's notebook or desktop or even tablet or even external. So I think the issue around delivering performance that has kind of SSD performance but just drive cost and capacity is a pretty compelling proposition. And I think the second generations of products that we'll be launching in the future will probably close that gap substantially and maybe even have it be at parity. What's interesting about hybrids is you can actually get performance that exceeds SSD with cooperation on the OS level or system level with some of the hardware or systems companies, and that's starting to develop as well. So I think longer-term, Rich, you're going to see that in five years or seven years or something like that, probably more than 80% of our products are going to be some form of hybrid drive. And that, by the way, isn't just driven by a need for the user experience but there's a lot of advantages from an aerial density perspective that have us pursuing that technology as well.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: And then in that vein, you've highlighted a lot of detail on your new product introductions for later this year. Can you give a sense on what you think maybe the merchant supply market is able to deliver relative to your technologies? And any thoughts on the timing of the rest of the space? And whether or not that's going to lead to a greater period of margin expansion for you for a period of time?
Steve Luczo: Merchant, meaning the competitors?
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, I guess there's just one, right?
Steve Luczo: Well, I think the trick on hybrid, which once you start using these systems and integrating them, it's not as simple as obviously as just putting a piece of silicon between the DRAM and the HDD. There's a lot of work that has to do with how you manage what happens with the flash and how data's handled between the various levels of caching in the drive. And frankly, you've been in the system as we get into this with some people that control OSs or at more of the system level. So we've been at this for a few years. So while I would expect our competition will likely introduce some sort of product to take advantage of the performance attributes of hybrid, we feel pretty good about our technical lead right now. So I don't know that we see a big competitive threat on the horizon. On the other hand, I'll tell you that we're approaching this market in a way that makes it attractive for our customers to utilize the technology, because as I said, there's lots of advantages from an aerial density perspective as well. So point being that there's not markup on top of markup in terms of the cost associated with these drives. It's basically an opportunity for us to just increase the user experience as opposed to expanding overall margin.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: Can you elaborate a little bit around the long-term supply arrangement hit to gross margins, which looks one-time in nature? I don't know how The Street's going to deal with it, but any color that you could provide?
Steve Luczo: I'll let Dave – you want to go into that little bit more detail?
William Mosley: Sorry, Richard, talking about the. . .
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: The additional customer support costs that dinged gross margins.
William Mosley: Yes, I'd say the vast majority of these additional support costs relate to certain customers with whom we have long-term supply arrangements and who are not satisfied with performance of a limited portion of a drive family shipped over two years ago, when we've accrued for these costs associated with this issue and it's all focused on keeping that high level of customer support. So that's why we're fairly confident as Steve said in his comments about it being contained in the last quarter.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company, LLC: So it's really almost just a warranty expense.
William Mosley: More reverse logistics expense, I would say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Just to start, can you go into a little more detail, Steve, around what drove the demand shortfall late in the quarter?
Steve Luczo: I'll let Dave talk to that. Again, we kind of pointed out that we seem to feel it mostly in Asia. And I'll let kind of Dave talk to it and in the channel.
William Mosley: Yes, I'd say that first of all, October and November were fairly strong. Seasonally, we could get into arguments about calendar Q4 and how they usually end relative to the next calendar Q1. But what I would say is that our view is the channel continued to move fairly well in the Americas and in EMEA. But in the Asia-Pacific region, the channel slowed down. And I don't think that's long-term demand but I do think there's some temporary issues that people are getting through in that region around Chinese New Year and how much do we have to build around some competitive positioning, not just in hard drives but in other components as well. And I think the industry is going to have to get through that with a, frankly, larger than what we would desire inventory in the channel in Asia. It may blow through in three weeks. It may take a little bit longer than that, but there's certainly that uncertainty now. We're less exposed to that because of our OEM share than maybe some other people, but it's certainly something that we noticed started in early December. I don't think it's long-term demand in Asia. I mean, you've got to subscribe to a really different thesis if you think that this goes out six to nine months in APAC demand.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And it's consistent with the IDC, Gartner commentary about the fourth quarter as well.
William Mosley: Yes.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And then just a follow-up for Pat, as it relates to the lower declines for upstream components, is that a function of tight supply? Or is it just a limited ability to write down the cost curve this late in your product cycles?
Patrick O’Malley: It's the second. That's what I'm saying, the bigger opportunity obviously for us is, as we transition our new products, that's obviously when: one, those are designed as cost-reduced products to begin with; and then of course, as you ramp volume and yield, you have the opportunity to obviously to move down price groups, that notwithstanding. Apparently, we have work to do in the quarter on our current cost of supplies as well.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And as we go – just as a follow-up to that, as we get into the calendar fourth quarter, any estimates for what percentage of the products you ship will be the new products?
William Mosley: Yes, not until the second half of 2011. We're in qualification in a lot of the portfolio right now, and that continues through the first six months of this year. But in terms of starting to really ramp across the portfolio, it's really the second half of the calendar year. Again, it's kind of Seagate's strength is the ability to really ramp across an entire portfolio that expands all the markets that we do. Some of it comes now, some of it comes in the June quarter, but until it's really hitting on all cylinders, it's the second half of the year.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And could you be 50% plus of shipments in December kind of platform?
Patrick O’Malley: It's akin to what we talked about a couple of years ago where we called the desktop transition, for example, quarter-over-quarter in these calls, we would tell you how much of the products have transitioned. To Steve's point, we won't begin that until probably late second or third calendar quarter.
Steve Luczo: But either all our products, all our products will at least be in qualification. All our new products by that time and the vast majority will be in volume shipments by the fourth quarter of '11.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with JPMorgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Steve, can you talk a little about how should we think about the March quarter in terms of is it going to be more front-end loaded? I heard you talk about Chinese New Year. So could you just talk about if it's more front-end loaded than the usual? And how should we think about that?
Steve Luczo: I think how we're thinking of it is it feels more front-end loaded because we don't have a lot of post-Chinese New Year's visibility. Whether or not it ends up being front-end loaded or not, hard to say, right? But right now, I would say, it feels more front-end loaded.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And with that said, how are the fulfillment rates in terms of customer A1s, the 100 drives? Are they taking 100 drives? Are they taking less or are they asking for more, actually?
Steve Luczo: Not sure I understand the question.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just in terms of when you say it's front-end loaded, I'm just trying to get a sense of current demand, are you seeing any structural nuances or changes to your fulfillment rates in terms of, let's say, a major OEM tells you six weeks ago, they wanted to get 100 disk drives, for example, in the third week of January. When the third week of January comes around, are they taking 100 disk drives or they're asking for less?
William Mosley: It really depends on which product we're talking about, Mark. This is Dave, by the way. I would say broadly in enterprise and business-critical, the answer to your question is yes, the polls are very strong. I think as we go into notebook, there are other dynamics up against building out – and by the way, Chinese New Year's is three weeks earlier than it was last year, relative to the quarter. So we have to watch those dynamics as people do builds and then, frankly, line changeovers during the time that the downtime in Chinese New Year, if you will. There's a lot of dynamics around that. I think notebooks' probably less predictable there. And the PS OEM poll rates are about what we expected. So January's coming in at the same predictable clip, I'll say, with one caveat on the upside and one caveat to watch for.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then the longer-term question, we're getting a lot of questions from investors around enterprise, particularly business-critical, not so much mission-critical but business-critical, in terms of the opportunity to move more and more away from Fibre Channel to SATA or SAS. Can you talk a little about how investors think about the competitive dynamics potentially changing here where Seagate's had the runway for a long time? Can you still run the table going forward?
Steve Luczo: Yes, it's a good question. I'm going to let Dave answer, but I think what we've seen in the last couple of quarters, we feel pretty good about in terms of the transition, I would say, to SAS, I think versus SATA. And I'll let Dave talk to it but we're encouraged by the trends because SAS obviously is an interface where we have a lot of expertise.
William Mosley: I mean, obviously, we led Fibre Channel, we led SAS, we led the 2.5-inch transition from 3.5-inch and so we have this history of leading products in the enterprise. I feel really good about the diversity of our portfolio and that's needed, I think, to play across a large scale in the enterprise, not just form factor or interface, but also spin speed and things like this. Relative to SATA versus SAS, I would say that people get confused by the quality of service of the drive, the expectations of the end user, not just the interface so there's a lot of people that see the difference on the spec sheet of the interface but they need to see what are the expectations for the drives and its duty cycle, if you will, over a long period out in the field and that's something to watch out for. We feel pretty good about our portfolio right now. We think we're launching leading products all the way across the portfolio, 15K, 10K products. We feel really good about our business-critical offerings as well in 2.5 and 3.5 on SAS already, there's other people who've announced, but we're basically the only person shipping SAS in large volume across business-critical. So it's not to discount any competition, but we know we've made the investments and we feel really good about the new products we're launching.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ana Goshko with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ana Goshko - BofA Merrill Lynch: I wanted to ask you for your updated thoughts on capital structure and capital structure strategy. I know in the past, particularly after the kind of events of 2009, you had talked about the target leverage as being a total dollar amount of debt, given the cyclical nature of the business and the industry. So wondering where you are now in terms of thinking of how leveraged you're willing to take the company? And how much cash you believe you need to keep on hand?
Steve Luczo: Sure, I think in terms of how much leverage, I mean, obviously, it's a function of outlook and performance and so on and so forth. But I think $1 billion in cash is what we feel is more than adequate to have on hand to run the business and whether actually, not just short-term downturns or probably even longer than the short-term downturn. I think in terms of the debt level that the company can carry, I think there's no question that the company, at today's interest rates, that the company could carry $3 billion to $4 billion of debt, depending on maturity structure. And so I think – today we’re at $2.9 billion with $560 million coming due in November of next year. It means we have debt capacity if we feel that the debt markets are attractive and if we can finance it in a way that we don't have a wall of debt. So the issue that we ran into in 2008, when we stopped our dividend and scrambled pretty hard was really more a function, not really of our view on long-term cash flow as much as there was just big slugs of debt coming due in very short periods of time. Obviously, done against a backdrop of not a lot of liquidity debt or equity in the world. Today, I think we've done a lot of work over the last two years to restructure the balance sheet. I mentioned the maturities extend every two years starting in 2014. There's no massive wall of debt. The debt markets certainly are healthy. I learned that through our privatization exercise. And I think we feel good about being able to manage what we have and opportunistically doing more if we feel like we have to.
Ana Goshko - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just on the comment on considering the recurring dividend. Obviously, the downside to that is, it's more difficult to dial up and dial down depending upon interest rate conditions. So just wondering how advanced you are in your potential commitment to recurring dividend? And if so, kind of what size or magnitude you've considered?
Steve Luczo: Well, I've been doing a lot of work on this, and it just seems again, if you believe that the company has the ability to consistently generate cash flow, which if you look at us over the last five or 10 years, on any kind of quarter-to-quarter or rolling four quarter basis, I mean, the company generates a lot of cash through, by the way, a couple of pretty hairy downturns and a couple of acquisitions that ate up a lot of capital. And a lot of what it seems that investors are asking for is that if companies have free cash flow that is consistent even against their investments that they need to make in capital and technology, that some decent percentage of that we should probably return to shareholders, and that's what we're investigating. What is the current research saying? It kind of gets somewhere between 25% and 50% of free cash flow is what shareholders would like to see returned. We're not saying that we're going to come out at the high-end of that range, but I think this is under consideration and I know I mentioned it in the call, and we feel pretty confident that we can return to shareholders in various ways. Whether or not it comes in a dividend or not, we're not prepared to state just yet, but it's certainly on the table and we think it's an attractive alternative.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Shute with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Schutte: I have a quick cash question as well. WD is obviously talking about potentially using their cash for strategic purposes or strategic acquisition, and you guys are obviously clearly focusing on returning cash to shareholders with leverage. Are there potentially strategic opportunities for Seagate to use their cash for? Or do you feel your current R&D pool is pretty much adequate for your long-term goal?
Steve Luczo: No, I mean, I think there could be. I think the point is we feel that we have a lot of usable cash. We have the capacity to raise money through the debt markets and we generate cash. So I don't think we're limiting any alternative that we have strategically. Whether or not that's investing in the company or acquiring other technologies, it's just that I think that when you take all that into consideration, there's still the potential for return to shareholders. That being said, I guess that's all I'm saying then.
Richard Schutte: And maybe I missed this earlier, but can you comment on what you're seeing with HDD inventory management amongst your TLEM partners?
Steve Luczo: Yes. We were not going to comment on our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Pat, could you comment on the inventory levels that you guys think is out there, both at the channel as well as the OEMs? I know the OEMs is a bit murky but I just want to get your thoughts there, particularly against some of the comments that WD made last night and I have follow-ups, please.
Patrick O’Malley: We generally manage our channel in a tight range, so we feel fairly comfortable with where that is as Steve and Dave both eluded. We actually slowed down our push into the end of December, channel inventory in Asia-Pac, to manage it as opposed to going after our pricing to maintain our discipline, our supply chain management. But we've monitored that and we feel that the channel level's appropriate. Could it come down? Obviously, its run lower but we don't think it's in a danger zone that would impact our ability to manage that channel reasonably well. On the OEMs, many of them have hubs in front of them [ph] and we monitor that very closely. So that part, we feel very comfortable. Now they're holding it on the back end. Don't really get all that visibility, but we do get signals from our OEMs, and as Steve said, they're cautious, but we're tied into their supply chain, and we work that fairly aggressively with them. So if folks are holding excess inventory, there’s going to be issued an in marginal manifested, but from our standpoint, we keep a pretty tight eye on what they have or believe they have and stay very close to them to make sure we're lined up with them.
Steve Luczo: Maybe to state it a little clearer with respect to the OEMs, and we don't see an OEM situation of some millions of units of PCs of excess inventory. We don't see that.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And how about – I don't think you talked about what your pricing considerations are or your anticipated pricing for the March quarter, and I just want to get your thoughts there.
William Mosley: Clearly, it has muted from where it's been so that's the good news. And I think that lines up with the supply and demand getting better, but obviously, it's on the backdrop of two heavier than usual pricing quarters in front of us that's typically slower. It goes back to Steve's comment of, you still have marginal [ph] pressure where raw materials and not being able aggressively to cost out, but it has muted down and it's probably a seasonal average.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think that the analyst community just has to take a hard look at what happened last summer still in terms of the quarter-to-quarter price takedowns and what that would've been relative to “more typical price takedowns. ” So that even if you have things flattening, if you have them flattening after three quarters of 6% versus 3%, you're still fighting an uphill battle and against the backdrop of no new products really that the industry is offering. So against the TAM that's flat and no new products, it's just tough to be looking at share gains. People should obviously be managing their P&Ls to keep their factories as full as possible, watch capital, and it's going to – until we get to the next set of products, it's going to be tough to see big margin expansion.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can I sneak in one more just on CapEx. Pat, is how should we be thinking about it? Usually, you guys provide some ranges of CapEx. I just wanted to hear your thoughts, if not for the first half of the year, maybe just for the March quarter.
Patrick O’Malley: I think our models 6% to 8% is still intact. That's how we try to manage the business. And obviously with some of the lack of visibility Steve talked about, we'll be a little tighter on that, but we'll certainly monitor to grow where appropriate but we're keeping in that range of 6% to 8% – is still our model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra with Caris & Company.
Robert Cihra - Caris & Company: It seems like there've been some CapEx cuts, there are a lot or a little, including on the component side ever since really, I don't know, I guess, summer. Do you think there's a chance that even with the soft PC market by the second half this calendar year, you actually see the industry back to being pretty tight, just given the CapEx cuts? Or do you think CapEx has been cutting off or that's too optimistic?
Steve Luczo: It's a really good question, and it's kind of one of the reasons that I said the industry is, I guess, it has marginal excess capacity. I think that there's probably too much focus on an assumed drive capacity by the industry as opposed to what's really going on at the component level. And when you think about, at least, our experience of 30% increase in average capacity of drives shipped, that means a lot of heads and disk had to go into that. And so to your point, a lot of capacity is being utilized at the component level. And if we have a continuation of that type of capacity growth against even some marginal end demand growth in units, it's going to strain, I think, the component area quicker than people probably have modeled.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland with Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Steve, any more color you can give regarding a commercial refresh? I think you said it could accelerate this year 2011.
Steve Luczo: I mean, I think just in general, I think we started talking about it in the fall quarter or even maybe a touch even in the June quarter that we saw a pick up as the commercial refresh expanded into the server market and storage. And we're starting to see more evidence of it even on the client side, both desktop and notebook. And there just seems to be no indication right now that, that's slowing down, or if anything, maybe budgets are getting a little freer on the IT side, and people are starting to do kind of full company deployment of new assets under IT infrastructure.
William Mosley: I'd say that as we go through year-end budgets, the spend was based on 2010 budgets, and now, we've got a good look into the new year of what 2011 IT budgets are, for what that's going to be for enterprise systems and so on. I think on the PC side, the notebook side, the commercial refresh there as we've commented before, it's always ongoing to some extent. There's ancillary data out there that says it's accelerating, and I think everyone likes to believe that because the new systems are compelling price points and capabilities with the operating system refreshes and so on, and a lot of people are running on older PCs, but I would say quantitatively, it's really hard to pin that one, the PC one down in particular. We hear the same ancillary data that other people do.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And last question for me on aerial density. Is it fair to say you guys are comfortable with a 30% to 40% annual gain if you look out three to five years plus without a transformational CapEx investment?
Steve Luczo: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First question for me would be on the gross margin line. I just want to be clear. You guys are talking about a 170 basis point impact that will be contained in this quarter, but you're guiding to an 18% to 19%, so at the midpoint, you're effectively guiding close to a 300 basis-point drop on a like-for-like basis on gross margin into the March quarter. I'd like to understand if that's how you want us to see that, in particular, what the puts and takes are in particular to that level of a decline on gross margin, like-for-like.
Steve Luczo: I think that is a fair way to look at it, and where the vast majority of that erosion comes from on the margin impression, really is almost all prices falling into the bottom line as we have very limited ability to continue to mix up. We mix up very strong already and also cost takedowns. As Steve said, we'll continue to push that and see what we can get out of that, but that's the large vast majority, over 2/3 of the compression.
William Mosley: Maybe just stated this a different way, that outlook is with a view of not a lot of takedowns in cost of supplies and not a view of continued mix-up in capacity. If even one of those things happen then obviously, then that would change the margin structure.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And the final question, the follow-up for me, I know you guys talked about a slowdown in the final couple of weeks to the quarter and a conscious effort to not participate in some market segments. So one thing that sticks out for me is that you guys have falling down to a six-year, even depending on what math you use, a sub-60% share position in the enterprise, mission-critical space. Is that a space that you guys actually decided constantly to step out of some opportunity? Or is there another competitive dynamic going on in that enterprise market?
Steve Luczo: Aaron, we didn't step back from it. I think the competitive dynamics is about the same as it has been for the prior couple of quarters. I think if you go back all the way to the front of last year, we had some competitive stumbles that caused us to be way above profile. I think we're kind of at profile right now. Again, the products are getting – the entire products that, not just the Seagate products, but the entire products that are getting longer than the two that need these refreshes.
Steve Luczo: I think we've been pretty consistent saying that we think our enterprise market share our – given the nature of our customer base and our product offering, is probably in the 58% to 62% range. And if it gets way above that, it's usually because of an execution issue on behalf of our competitors. And if it gets way below that, it's probably an execution issue on us. So we feel that we're kind of in our range, and we might even argue – there's a lot of confusion about what the right TAM was for mission-critical enterprise’s last quarter. So I think we still feel we're in the 60% range and we feel comfortable in that range. Okay, I'd like to thank our employees for their ongoing commitment and hard work, and also of course, our customers, our suppliers and our partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Seagate Technology’s Fiscal First Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference call. My name is Stacey and I’ll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements related to the company’s future operating and financial performance in the December 2010 quarter and thereafter, and includes statements regarding customer demand for disk drives and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2010 and October 6, 2010 respectively. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made I would now like to turn the conference over to our host to Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Steve Luczo: Thank you, Stacey. Good afternoon everyone and thanks you for joining on the call today, sorry about the delay. On the call with me from Seagate are Ken Massaroni, our General Counsel, Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Also on the call today are Larry Sonsini of Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati and Joe Perella of Perella Weinberg Partners. Today, we are continuing with the new format that we began last quarter and we have posted detailed supplemental information about the quarter on our Investor Relations website. Due to the announcement we made on October 14th, 2010 concerning the preliminary indication of interest regarding a going private transaction, there are some additional requirements with respect to today’s call. First, the company will not at this time be providing any additional information regarding the aforementioned announcement. Second, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, the company will not provide, discuss or answer questions regarding the outlook for the December quarter or any future fiscal periods. And, finally, the company will not be participating in individual meetings with investors or analysts either in-person or via conference call until further notice, again due to the regulatory requirements. Seagate entered the September quarter with the following key assumptions for planning purposes. First, that we would not see any additional slowdown in consumer spending on technology generally. Second, that we would hold the market share levels of approximately 30% with which we entered the quarter. Third, that we would not see attempts by competitors to ship share through aggressive pricing. Fourth, that inventory on hand would remain flat quarter-over-quarter. And, finally, that the corporate technology refresh that we had been experiencing going into quarter would continue. We did experience some additional weakness in the consumer markets particularly in the United States and in Europe early in the quarter. Primarily as a result of this weakness, the total available market for the quarter was approximately 165 million units, which was the low end of our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. We did however see some early signs that consumer activity is beginning to improve in early September. Additionally, industry market share remains substantially unchanged. However, pricing remained aggressive across all of our product lines, customers, and geographies. As noted in the Western Digital conference call yesterday, the week 13 industry shipments in the September quarter were significantly higher than the prior 12-week average. While we believe this to be an accurate description overall, Seagate was under represented during week 13 and week 12 as compared to a level of the first 11 weeks of the quarter. Dave Mosley can provide more details during the Q&A session if required. Turning to our September quarter results, we reported first fiscal quarter revenue of $2.7 billion in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.37 on shipments of 49.2 million units. Gross margin of 20.4% was below our target range due to the aforementioned market dynamics, which impacted our ability to deliver earnings within the target range we provided at the beginning of the quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong. Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash totaled $2.2 billion. Long-term debt include current portion was reduced by $328 million to $2.2 billion at the end of the quarter with the redemption of the Maxtor convertible notes. Stacey, we’re ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed.
Keith Bachman: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. I wanted to try to get two questions if I could. Could you just give your views on how much incremental inventory? You guys, I’m sure listened to WD last night. What’s the channel look like? What’s the inventory status look like as you look out across the industry? And then, I had a follow-up, please.
Dave Mosley: Hi Keith, this is Dave. Inventory was below four weeks and channels as we usually model and we made reference to the assumptions going into the quarter of inventory, exit’s being about that same level. So we feel pretty good about that.
Keith Bachman: And what about at the OEMs?
Dave Mosley: Well, we don’t have a whole lot of visibility into JIT hubs and the like. And we’ve talked about that before. But we have no reason to believe that their inventory issues.
Keith Bachman: Because I’m sure you heard WD last night say there was probably an extra 5 million units that was sitting at the OEMs. It doesn’t sound like you would agree with that line of reasoning.
Dave Mosley: I think what they talked about was a big shipment week in week 13 and as Steve – Bob talked about in the comments, we were under represented in that.
Keith Bachman: Okay.
Dave Mosley: And so even actually into the week 12. I think there’s a few different dynamics which is going on that we see. One is golden week in China, if that’s somewhat. There is also some shipments that are done within say some of our competitors too there mother ships if you will to with some of their internal customers. So we’re still trying to triangulate that. But what we definitely feel is that as far as notebook in particular where we saw one of the big shipment weeks there in week 13, we were dramatically underrepresented versus what we had seen in the prior 11, 12 weeks of the quarter, even if you go back to week 12. And then, we exited with our inventory under two weeks going into October something.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Well, I wanted to sneak one in with Pat then. On the CapEx, Pat, it was a little higher than – that we were thinking for the September quarter. I know you said it would be up due to some slippage from the previous quarter. But is there any color you can give us about that? Or is there any comments you can make as it relates to your anticipated CapEx plans?
Pat O’Malley: Yes, so let me address that. One, the number you see of the 358 is the cash. We sort of hinted at that last quarter that what you saw coming at our CapEx last quarter was the cash in that bubble rollover. So just was the number that we or just to give a clarity. Our actual receipts were only $195 million.
Keith Bachman: Okay.
Pat O’Malley: And that was done significant from plants, so we are decelerating. I won’t go into the forward looking for the rest of the year. But just for the quarter, those receipts were $70 million less, so we – it is in a deceleration mode, so that was really the cash bubble that came through on the Q4.
Keith Bachman: Okay, thanks Pat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes, thank you, and good afternoon. There is a couple of question if I could. I just want to get a sense in terms of where Seagate views the opportunities for cost takeouts or the need for further investment where there is an SSD or other adjacent markets. I’m just trying to get a sense just given the recent announcement last week where the LBO or the PE folks would see the value proposition line?
Bob Whitmore: Yes, sorry we can’t. As I’ve mentioned in my preamble we can’t reference anything with respect to any possible transaction with the private equity firm.
Mark Moskowitz: I guess, and maybe another way to ask the question is, given the recent secular slide within hard disk drives over the last six months, we don’t know how pricing when it does [inaudible] for a while unless demand picks up. It seems like this could have last a little longer just given what we’re seeing in the marketplace and also with the competitive dynamics a lot more tenacious than years passed and certainly there is no a disk drive manufacturer who can’t compete right now. Is there any sort of impetus on your part where you think that you need to accelerate investments into different markets, i.e. SSD and maybe with your Samsung announcement back in August?
Bob Whitmore: I think that we have indicated that we think there’s plenty of area of potential for growth in the drive industry with respect to R&D investments and whether or not it’s SSD or the announcement last quarter of our hybrid drive. Those would certainly be examples of that, yes.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. And then my other question revolves around the enterprise business right now. Just in terms of the recent changes with Microsoft Exchange 2010, it seems like fiber channel drives do not need to be the cornerstone if you will for serving Microsoft Exchange environments. We keep seeing more and more SAS and SATA drives underpinning NAS and SAN deployments. How should we think about the enterprise profit profile going forward for Seagate and for the industry? Is it something that could be undercut going forward?
Bob Whitmore: No, and again, we can’t make any forward-looking statements about profit pools or as it might impact Seagate.
Mark Moskowitz: Have you been seeing changes recently though in the mix?
Bob Whitmore: I think historically we’ve – I don’t know if we’ve talked about or if that we’ll be prepared to talk about shifts amongst our customers in terms of interfaces. Dave, is there any kind of general color you want to add?
Dave Mosley: I will just answer it, over the last few quarters, no. Macro trends is what we can’t talk about going forward.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Katy Huberty: Yes, thanks. I wonder if you could provide your thoughts around whether you think that industry can put on the brakes around some of the CapEx orders that were put in place back in the fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year. Do you think that some of that can be cancelled and/or pushed out enough that that the industry can manage through a better supply and demand environment over the near term or does that equipment have to ultimately be accepted?
Pat O’Malley: Kathy, this is Pat. Fortunately or unfortunately we’ve been through these cycles and we’ve worked with our vendors. We certainly have strategic relationships with them. We try to give them long lead time but we do push out do cancel and manage that to get to the right size of the business. So the industry is capable, Seagate is certainly capable and I believe the industry and Seagate have put plans in place to handle it to get the demand and supply what we believe closer inline.
Katy Huberty: Okay, and then WD had somewhat of a negative bias as it relates to the week 13 activity into the OEMs. But if you take another view, if OEMs are willing to accept inventory, if they’re doing more airfreighting heading into the fourth quarter, there may be a more positive read that they’ve seen something on the demand front that’s more encouraging going into the holiday period, not asking as it relates to CA but just the overall demand environment for IT.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, I’m not exactly sure what the question is, I think in general I would confer with the way that Western Digital characterized it is probably over edge in week 13. And that’s my general read on it.
Katy Huberty: Okay, so more a function the OEMs taking advantage of pricing, not necessarily seeing a demand uptick?
Steve Luczo: Well I think it’s a broad brush to say the OEMs. We’ve got a tick and tie exactly where all the units and I think its maybe too broadly speaking to say it’s the OEMs.
Katy Huberty: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Ben Reitzes: Yes, I have two questions. First of all, could you just talk a little bit more about pricing on the client side? How was it particularly towards the end of the quarter or why were you underrepresented in that surge of units, was it due to pricing at the OEM level being super aggressive or was there something you didn’t like out there in marketplace with regard to pricing. If you could just talk a little bit more about that the price trend throughout and quarter and why you didn’t participate at the end and then I follow-up proceed if you don’t mind.
Steve Luczo: Yes, let me characterize a little bit differently, I mean there may have been some deals that were done at the end of that contribute to week 13 that we didn’t participate in. I’d say it a little bit differently, we have line of sight of some of the OEMs that we service and those are the ones that we were tied off with pretty well. There were couple of other dynamics that happened. I think given some factory slowdowns in Golden Week in China. There were some natural next quarter activities that were actually pulled in because of that. Then there was actually some deals that happened and as I made referenced to this earlier before where people in some sense had to buy full model or they shipped to other places inside of their old corporation. So it’s really hard for us to triangulate back through all those things and say which contribution means what part of it. But in general I would say that Seagate made an effort not to participate in some of those quarter end deals to – because we’d seen competitive pricing all quarter long, we realized that we don’t want to do that at the end of quarter, so.
Pat O’Malley: Ben, this is Pat. The pricing as you know you heard yesterday and you obviously see there is financials today whereas aggressive the whole quarter. So not participating in pricing for a certain deal is probably not a fair characterization. We talked to begin in the quarter, we’re going to hold share, we did hold share. I think there was much – not much movement in share but we got a fair look at our business and we made what we think is the proper decisions to maintain share and get the right coverage in each of our OEMs and district channel partners but it was aggressive through the quarter.
Ben Reitzes: Through the quarter and not necessarily more so at the very end.
Pat O’Malley: That’s correct.
Ben Reitzes: Then Steve, I just wanted to ask you philosophically I mean I got to ask about Apple, today they announced the $999 64 Gig MacBook Air and Steve Jobs made a comment that he thought all notebooks were going to move this way. And I think he was referencing without the disc drive. And I was just wondering, is he right, is he early, is he just and are you seeing any other on the main stream PC market anybody kind of adopting Apple’s curve which seems obviously as usual they’re early on and early adopters. But I was just wondering what your thought on that announcement and whether you thought that would change the adoption curve for the industry or its wishful. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Well look, I mean obviously Steve sits in a position that only Steve sits in, in terms of the offering that they provide to their customers and its obviously pretty competing. I would say though that from what we know of the offering for example Apple, the percentage of their units that they sell with SSDs versus HDDs is a tiny fraction. I think it’s under 3%, certainly under 5%. Obviously this isn’t the first product that they’ve had. I have and Air book with an SSD unit that I’ve had for I guess a year and half now. And I think, there are certain things that are certainly very nice about it. And other things that are little bit frustrating and a little bit frustrating parts are the cost and the lack of capacity. I spend a lot of time cleaning out files so I can make room for not a lot of content to be honest with you. I think are there some users that can operate net environment and be happy, I think the answer is yes but I think as Seagate introduced hybrid drive last quarter, you get basically the features and function of SSD at more like disc drive cost and capacity. And in fact with the additional layer of cashing we believe that, downstream from a product perspective there will be performance advantages to SSD whether or not that has to do with instant on or application load or what a load looks like year or two after you, you have your product versus that day you buy it. I can tell you that my SSD drive takes about 25, 30 seconds to boot now versus the 12 seconds when I bought it. And that’s just an issue more related to OS than it is specifically to the technology but again with the hybrid there is things that you can do it alleviate that so your boot times are actually as compelling one and two, three and four years down the road. So I think that’s where mainstream notebook computing is going if that’s what your question is no I don’t, do I think that Apple will be successor with that product absolutely, because Apple is successful with all their products. And so it’s a very compelling company and a compelling value proposition within their value chain. But again we just view it as more devices that are computing in eating data and if they’re low capacity on the edge that means they need a lot of storage pipe and down close to the edge and whether not that’s in a mash box or code in the cloud or in a local cloud. Those are all markets that we serve. So the more that people do creative things with computers and devices were all four and Steve certainly at the forefront of that.
Ben Reitzes: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham and Company. Please proceed.
Rich Kugele: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks for the extra detail on the 13th week. But I did want to ask Pat one question, in terms of the I guess the ending of the early paid discounts with channel, did you have to come up with some other type of offset to be cost competitive, price competitive with your peers, you still offer those discounts? And did if effect gross margins at all in the quarter?
Pat O’Malley: No the – well the fact that we had extra carrying days of DSO, you could marginally argue there is little cost but clearly what we saved in our order pay was a positive financial in we didn’t have to add any extra programs to offset that. In face we were the only one at offered it before. So it was I’d say a net positive to us other than what’s manifested in the DSO.
Rich Kugele: Okay and then obviously everyone keeps harping on the tell the angle and if we’re going to go on talk about what segment of the drives universe really plays within the netbook space and the low-end notebook space. You’re really talking about what, 250 gig and below, I mean do you – are you willing to provide a percent on how much of your business may go into notebooks. Do you have that kind of netbooks on say, do you have that kind of visibility and any comments on how we might be able to quantify the total TAM that’s at that low end?
Steve Luczo: I guess just to make sure I understand the question Rich is that so going forward what capacities, what netbook capacities would be offered by the market? Is that what.
Rich Kugele: My understanding is that the maximum netbook capacity for Microsoft is basically 250 gig, right? I don’t know if there is even 160 shipping any more but 250. So you could argue that number of netbooks have at least 250 gigs so that you can add that in and then subset of new low-end notebooks. What do you consider a low-end notebook capacity points like for example.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, let me try it this way. So I think we obscure a little bit what we can net book and what we call low-end notebook to your point and what the capacity point is. I don’t think there is a unique value proposition for somebody who has say for example 250 gigabyte in a consumer device, sometimes people will fill up that up fairly quickly and other used cases they won’t. I do think that that what you’re seeing in the tablet space is, is putting a lot of pressure on innovation, thinner, lighter, power savings, and to the point capacity as well to just value differentiate. I think there will be other also be lost cost sensitivities there. So if you can continue with the productivity device to provide a value proposition at a price point, I’d pick up price band if you will that that we would call net books traditionally and people can innovate to still provide a compelling device there. It may have – it may have more capacity in it. And that’s I think from an innovation perspective what the devices are really driving.
Rich Kugele: Okay. And, just lastly, on your own hybrid drives, there is a lot of interest around them. But traditionally in order to really have a large market you need to have multiple sources. Do you expect anyone else to launch a hybrid drive? And then, secondly, would you expect to license out your code that makes it so I guess workable in a system?
Bob Whitmore: Yes, we would certainly expect that there will be competitors launching hybrid drives. I guess the question which is what’s the nature of it? Is it – is it just the piece of silicon between the DRAM and the disk or is it more to that? And I think that lends to your second question, which is, we have a lot of IP in this area and a lot of know-how in a lot of investment that’s occurred over several years and no we’re not planning on licensing that. I’ll tell you when we’ve got – we believe that’s why our drives have performed the way they are and what the opportunity is as we basically take advantages of some of our algorithms with some of the people that are developing OS or applications on them.
Rich Kugele: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thank you. It looks like you guys – your share was relatively flat this quarter. You commented that you thought your share was flat. Western Digital thought their share was down a little bit in the September quarter. Who do you think is gaining share in the market at least in the September quarter?
Bob Whitmore: I think all data points aren’t yet in Sherri. So obviously we’re watching the ones, the data that we have, and then the data that was announced yesterday. But I don’t think we really know all the answers just now.
Sherri Scribner: Okay.
Pat O’Malley: There was some major shifts that like it was in the Q4.
Bob Whitmore: That’s right, that’s right.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. And then, in terms of OEM pricing, which was determined in September for the December quarter, would you characterize it similar to Western Digital that it was competitive and OEMs were taking advantage of the fact that the market was a little bit softer?
Bob Whitmore: Yes, I think that would lead to a forward-looking statement in one form or another, so we’re going to avoid that one.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, thank you.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. A couple as well. First of all, you guys had commented that desktop, your inventory and the channel was less than four weeks, what do you think the overall inventory looks like for the industry as a whole?
Bob Whitmore: It is slightly higher than four weeks I think.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, slightly higher. And in the context of you being underrepresented in week 13 relative to Western Digital, when you look at that over the average of the prior shipments for the 12 weeks, how does that compare to what you’ve typically seen in prior September quarters?
Bob Whitmore: Sorry, Aaron, I didn’t say relative to Western Digital. I said relative to the rest of the industry. And we don’t have very good visibility into exactly what they shipped in week 13.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, fair enough. But for you guys how would week 13 stack up to prior year’s week 13 for the September quarter?
Bob Whitmore: Right. Let me just give you a quarter-over-quarter. In my opinion, the industry had some behaviors like this in week 13 of the June quarter. And so that was about 15% shipped in week 13 in that quarter. We believe about 18% of the 165 million unit TAM they’re about shipped in week 13 of this last quarter, again some of it because of golden week preparation in factory, logistics that are going on in week one. Some of it’s because everybody phased up and the first was a Friday and so everyone’s end of quarter have effectively became the same day. I mean there’s little dynamics like that, but still, that’s why I – holding the central pieces, I just say, we are underrepresented.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, final two questions. What is your current capacity in terms of production on a quarterly basis? And then, if you can help me understand just real quickly the fully diluted share count decline relative to what your guidance was for the quarter?
Bob Whitmore: So, from a capacity point of view, I think like we talked about we a few quarters ago we’re looking at a little bit higher output for these quarters. We’ve dialed that so that we’re pretty fully utilized at the production levels that we’re at. So that’s what our run rate is today.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. So you’re effectively 95% plus utilization?
Bob Whitmore: Yes, in that range.
Aaron Rakers: Okay. And then, the share count?
Pat O’Malley: Share count is the average price of the stock of the quarter.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, fair enough, thank you.
Bob Whitmore: Yes. Okay, Stacey, why don’t we take two more questions?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Hunt with Hapoalim Securities. Please proceed.
Kevin Hunt: Hi, thank you. I have a couple of questions actually. First, on just to kind of can you drill down more into the gross margin, do you agree with Western Digital comment that 5% like-for-like price declines were occurred in the quarter? And if that’s true, it seems like you still have – you still sort of had a higher gross margin based on my math, so can you maybe break down what all the factors are contributing there?
Pat O’Malley: Western Digital referenced 5% for the next quarter, not this – the quarter just happened, they just discussed in excess of 8% for this current quarter just ended. So our pricing was –
Bob Whitmore: Just to be clear, WD referenced in excess of 8% for the September quarter. They talked about 5% for the December quarter.
Pat O’Malley: Correct. So with that 8%, ours was in that range, it was very like I said throughout the quarter that was the primary miss of our earnings and revenue. Primary was the pricing and then we expected the midpoint of the TAM for our volumes, so you can from 165 to 175 we had a shortfall there in revenue and gross margin, but clearly the biggest impact was the pricing in those ranges of that WD recorded for the September quarter.
Kevin Hunt: And if you go back to – so I mean you indicated going into this quarter, you had expected a pretty aggressive pricing, so you are saying it was maybe incrementally above that, so you might have been looking say five or eight?
Pat O’Malley: Yes, it was probably closer to six, closer to eight. But, yes, that was little less than six, right, that’s correct.
Kevin Hunt: Okay. And then – thank you. And then the second question I had was I just wanted to kind of clarify and understand here on the comments about the 13 week here, [inaudible] you didn’t think there was any inventory you kind of give out various explanations of why there might have been an higher shipments. But I just want to make it clear, you are saying that it’s not because everyone just piled everything into inventory?
Bob Whitmore: I guess we – what I would say relative to everyone piling in an inventory, I mean we don’t have visibility in the OEM inventories at all. So we – all we know of what Seagate inventory and Seagate sell through is that makes sense? Inventory was under four weeks and where we can see our inventory. And with respect to our participation in weeks 12 and 13, we were under represented versus the average for the first 11 weeks. We can only talk to Seagate. There was an industry and there is an industry dynamics that show that week 13 was substantially higher than the average for the 12 weeks and was higher than it typically is.
Kevin Hunt: Okay. But it sounds like you – sounds like – I mean Western Digital clearly made the conclusion that that was all into inventory. But it sounds like your conclusion is not that. Am I getting this right or –?
Pat O’Malley: It was clearly going into the sell-ins inventory. That last week I mean probably –
Bob Whitmore: I think we are making a different point. It’s our product.
Kevin Hunt: Okay. But you are saying that there is potentially a lot of inventory at OEMs. You know you don’t have visibility to that.
Bob Whitmore: The inventory went somewhere.
Kevin Hunt: Okay. And then, I will try this one, the last one, you said you won’t comment on the LBO talk, but can you – I mean there was talks two , three months ago that you had an LBO offer. Can you maybe help us understand what legally is your client have this whole production you’re going through now versus two or three months ago?
Bob Whitmore: I don’t think the company ever said anything two or three months ago about any sort of transaction. I think there may have been some rumor published in a publication which obviously the company never commented on. But the company has only made one statement with respect to indication of interest and that was the one that we made on October 14, 2010. Larry, do you want to answer the question as to the regulations around disclosure?
Larry Sonsini: I think it’s best that we have no further comment on that subject.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jason Nolan – Robert W. Baird. Please proceed. Jason Nolan – Robert W. Baird Okay, thank you. Just two quick questions, Steve or Pat did you cut back on production in the September quarter?
Pat O’Malley: We aligned our production to head our customer demand. So obviously we were aiming for the midpoint of the TAM. We certainly missed on that element, so we aligned our supply. You could see our returns got better. So I think we managed our inventory pretty well. Jason Nolan – Robert W. Baird Okay, it makes sense. And then the last question from me is Steve you had mentioned competitive actions in the June quarter, I heard the market and I guess my question is, is the price aggression a function of competitors trying to take share or is it just a normal reaction to the supply demand imbalance?
Steve Luczo: I think it was a combination, I really do believe it was combination was I think the industry lining up for TAMs in the June and the September quarter that didn’t materialized. And then certain competitors being late to adjust production and therefore the movement of the product was facilitated by price. I think the industry is doing its best to adjust that as quickly as possible. Jason Nolan – Robert W. Baird That makes sense. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes, thanks. All right, everybody I’d like to thank you all for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter and the before I depart, I want to make sure that I complement the employees of Seagate as always as well as our suppliers, our customers. Thanks for the effort. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-07-20 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Luczo - Chairman, President & CEO Pat O’Malley - EVP & CFO Bob Whitmore - EVO & CTO Dave Mosley - EVP, Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management 
Analysts: Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Mark Miller - Nobel Financial Keith Bachman - The Bank of Montreal Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Kathy Huberty - Morgan Stanley 
Operator:  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Seagate Technology’s fiscal fourth quarter and year-end 2010 financial results conference call. My name is Amesia and I’ll be your coordinator for today.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements related to the company’s future operating and financial performance in the September 2010 quarter and thereafter and includes statements regarding expected revenue, gross margins, customer demand for disk drive and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on estimation available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2009 and in the company’s quarterly report of Form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2010.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made I will now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Steve Luczo:  Thank you, Amesia. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Beginning with today’s call, we are implementing a new format for our quarterly results announcements. As you have hopefully already seen, we have posted supplemental information about the quarter on our Investor Relations website. The majority of the information that Dave, Bob and Pat have previously conveyed verbally on our earnings conference calls is in that document which we posted about two hours ago in order to give investors and analysts time to review it. Our goal with this format is to give all of you more time with the basic factual information about the quarter in a form you can download yourselves. And then focus the call on topics and issues that are most important to you. At the end of my prepared remarks, we will address a few questions of particular interest to our investors and then open the call up for questions.  I want to start with a few observations about the fiscal year that we just completed and then turn to fiscal Q4. For the year, we saw record shipments of 193.2 million units, record profitability of $1.61 billion, record operating margin of 15.3% and record diluted earnings per share of $3.14. We also generated nearly $2 billion of cash from operations enabling us to continue to strengthen the capital structure by improving our net debt position by $775 million and repurchasing $584 million worth of Seagate common stock. We also had a series of important product announcements this year including our successful entry into the Enterprise SSD market with our Pulsar product, our ground breaking Momentus XT solid-state hybrid laptop drive and the high versatile GoFlex family of external storage products. These products are expected to broaden our product leadership and provide opportunities for incremental revenue growth in fiscal year 2011 and beyond. We introduced these and many more products while successfully managing through a volatile supply and demand environment and continuing to improve the fundamentals of our business. Global demand for storage remained strong throughout the year, reflecting the pace at which digital content and information is being created. However, in the June quarter, demand throughout the industry began to slow and exhibited linearity more typical of the June quarter. The biggest issue that we faced in the quarter was that the broader macroeconomic conditions deteriorated during the quarter, particularly in Europe. The economic slowdown and debt crisis in Europe and to a lesser extent the global freight interruption due to the Iceland volcanic eruption caused inventory disruption and contributed to an industry TAM near the low end of the expected range. These effects were more pronounced in the consumer market versus the commercial market which in turn negatively impacted mix and pricing.  In addition, we believe the economic slowdown resulted in a supply demand imbalance in the quarter of approximately 5 million units. While most industry participants including Seagate reduced production from the prior quarter against the decreasing TAM, there was at least one competitor which significantly increased production during the quarter. As a result, pricing and channel inventory and certain capacities were negatively impacted in the quarter versus our expectations. Despite these challenges, we generated revenue of $2.66 billion and gross margin of 27.4% and produced the highest operating profit for Seagate in the June quarter. This was also our fourth most profitable quarter in Seagate history. In addition, Seagate ended the quarter with four weeks of inventory on hand in the distribution channel with the inventory balance across all of our product lines. While we continue to expect that demand will strengthen as we progress the relative remainder of the calendar year, there are many conflicting data points concerning the strength of second half growth.  On the negative side, there was a deceleration in hard drive demand in the June quarter. Negative macro economic events impacting exchange rates, availability of credit, and other forms of liquidity, the US Commerce Department reported lower than expected retail sales for the month of June and the recent Federal Reserve forecast of slower second half growth in the United States. On the positive side, there was increased indication that the corporate technology refresh is accelerating and certain bellwether technology companies that have longer lead time visibility than Seagate have recently forecasted strong growth for the second half of 2010. Overall, we still believe that the industry TAM for the full calendar year will be approximately 650 million to 670 million units. However, given the mounting negative influences I just discussed, we have shifted our view from one where we might be accelerating through the second half of 2010 to one of more modest momentum. For the September quarter, we are planning for the industry TAM to be between 165 million and 175 million units. Our key underlying assumptions for our September quarter financial outlook include: no additional slowdown in consumer spending on technology; no meaningful shifts in market share with Seagate expecting to hold about 30% share. No attempts to shift market share through over-production or aggressive pricing, weeks of inventory on hand to remain apt or around current levels, and that the cooperate technology refresh cycle will continue.  Given the uncertainties around second half growth and the historical linearity of September quarters, we believe it is prudent to plan our business with what we hope is a conservative forecast with the ability to respond to upsides, if demand proves to be at the high end of our forecast. As such, we expect revenue of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion and gross margin as a percent of revenue at or near the low end of our target range of 22% to 26%.  Given that Seagate’s business is over 70% OEM, we are pricing contracts and negotiated well in advance of the quarter. A large part of our business was insulated from price declines in the June quarter. Therefore, we were able to effectively manage our gross margins in the June quarter. In the September quarter however, the aggressive pricing environment now carries through to our entire product portfolio and will have a more pronounced impact on our gross margin. We believe that being closely aligned with our OEMs is a strategic benefit to Seagate over the long term. Finally, we expect R&D and SG&A for the September quarter to be flat sequentially.  Before we open up the call for questions, we will address the questions I referenced earlier. I am going to take the first question which is we’ve had a lot of calls from investors inquiring about the success of iPad and other types of tablet or slate devices and what the possible impact might be on the demand for hard disk drives.  I think and I haven’t had the opportunity to listen to the Apple call yet other than to look at the top line results which obviously were impressive and obviously the iPad sales were impressive as well. It’s still our belief that devices like this which, are for the most part I would contend not really compute devices but maybe more content viewing devices. They obviously have some capabilities for compute, but on the most part it’s a content viewing device. We still believe that those devices [Audio Gap] at the end of the day increased requirements for storage throughout the eco system, and in particular if they are going to be used for content rich video as wannabe applications that’s being pursued with those devices, maybe a better example is the Cisco slate which is certainly being targeted more in the business environment to enable TelePresence, which again we think is going to drive a lot of back end storage throughout, not just the server but the storage subsystem architectures.  To the extent of those devices cannibalized notebook market, which again the notebook systems vendors would have a better view on it than us, then clearly it has a potential for impacting hard disk drives. But to date, we just don’t believe that a lot of people are buying those devices to sub-plant what they were doing with the normal computers. So, our view on it still is that we think this is a net positive for the storage industry and we also believe by the way that those devices, not speaking to the specific products, but at the end of the day will obviously have access to external storage in one or more forms that will follow a benefit to Seagate and any other drive company that’s in the retail business.  Second question is why will September gross margins be well below the run rate of the last three quarters, and one made a recovery to the mid to upper end of the target range occur? And I’m going to turn that over to Pat and perhaps to Dave, to weigh in on that.
Pat O’Malley: Thanks Steve So, I’ll address that two aspects; one, just the gross margin bridge from where we performed over the last fiscal year to where we expect to perform in the September quarter, and you know, a simple break down on that is that what we are seeing in the September quarter vis-à-vis, coming out the fourth quarter is that the historical trends for pricing across the whole portfolio or above the norm, not offset traditionally by a mix up in product. So, that itself is probably having the more significant portion of the detriment on our gross margin percentage. The other aspect is lower production volumes in the month of June in particular and the early part of the quarter because given the cautious outlook we are going to manage inventory just throughout the quarter very tight, is leading the higher production cost unit for those products going out in this quarter that long term we think we can certainly manage by giving the cautious outlook in this quarter. We certainly want to be prudent with inventory and which could lead to higher per unit cost. Now as part of recovery, when the margins could accrete back to the higher end of the range, obviously you have to make some assumptions that the macro economics of the US consumer and the Euro-zone, whether that’s in the countries or just the currency of the Euro. If they stabilize or strengthen, we certainly think that would be an adder to the margin and also with production being brought in line with demand. So having that a balanced equation and with no attempt for share gains by any competitor without really product advantage, so having a balanced price environment with supply and demand. I don’t know, Dave do you want to add to that?
Dave Mosley: No, I think I am okay.
Pat O’Malley:  So you want to me to segway into the third question which is somewhat related. How much did supply exceed demand in the June quarter and what is the expectation for the September quarter of upstate mostly going in on that.
Bob Whitmore:  Yes. This is addressed in the supplemental that Steve referenced earlier. If you haven’t had a chance to read it yet, we quantify it and said its five million drives where supply exceeded demand and we’re actually moved in the quarter. Putting an exact number on this is always difficult but I’d say this, I’d break it into really two dynamics. One, very early in the quarter, where the consumer demand particularly in Europe sell-off very quickly. A particularly high caps, so mix was effected as well and there are a lot of dynamics for that. There’s various components, pricing that effect these things and obviously consumer sentiments and other big driver for these shifts that we see going on. At that time, I believe that people were still putting out units above what the two demand signals were and putting them into that region and then therefore, starting to move, tried to move those units with price. And so, obviously, when that’s happenings, we’ve got to keep an eye on it to pass comments before we’ve got to make sure that we ratchet back production as quickly as possible to make sure supply and demand stay in balance. The industry always needs to a better job at that. At the back end of June, it’s a little bit different as typically this quarter, as Steve referenced, the linearity of 50% of the quarter is done in the month of June. I think we’re even a little bit higher than that this time and in my opinion right now, some of the deals that were taken, that I saw taken probably really could have been fulfilled at July, supply it anyway. So I think, I think not controlling production there at the back end is probably causing some of those other behaviors also. So that’s why, that’s how I’d rationalize five million. It’s a fairly easy number, maybe a tad higher than that even. We probably have to get through the first few weeks of July into August to probably see exactly what the, how the dynamics should have played but, that’s our opinion on it for now.
Steve Luczo:  Okay [Amesia], we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And the first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you good afternoon, a few questions first the relative to history when one of the stereotypes people use were really formed. How quickly do you think that Seagate and the industry responded to those changes in demand may clearly if you exceeding it four weeks inventory, you responded to the difference in demand relative to the guidance you have provided so and any comments there will be helpful?
Steve Luczo: I think that’s a good point Rich, just as look at the 3.5 inch inventory in the channel for example going out. We talk about this in our supplement a bit. The industries still not bad shape historically, its just over four week. So the industry has responded just didn’t respond quickly enough at the start of the quarter in particular in some capacity points, the high capacity points that I made reference to earlier but I do think that over the course of the quarter there was definitely control in place. 
Pat O’Malley:  Rich this is Pat, I would say historically the historical perspective, it may have taken up to two quarters before so as much as we may have liked to have seen a quicker response, it is getting tighter and so as they’ve said we saw signs of the inventory coming in back in line by the end of the quarter.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay and in terms of the question we always get us on trough earnings potential, if you look at your current and projected platforms, the cost basis on those are more normal gross margin range. What do you think both for Seagate and the industry the trough earnings really are? I mean do you think the industry has moved beyond where the trough is negative?
Steve Luczo: Yes. I mean I think what we are talking about where we are going obviously the key is you know Rich in this industry it is product transitions and you know product positioning with true technology is held one competitor outweighs the other and as the supply demand stays and balances the second. And I think as to your first question as the industry saw, was getting ahead it pulled back, so I think to Steve’s point a quick yes is sufficient because I think the industry is trying to manage to a tighter range in the profit pool.
Pat O’Malley: I think Rich the difficult thing the rest of this year and really in the fiscal year 11 is against what macro economic environment and I think fiscal year 11 for the drive industry on the whole is, it’s a challenging year because most of us are in-product transitions which means the products we are shipping are going probably stay in production for the mass amount through the fiscal year and what we are doing is developing next generation technology under that.  You don’t see that in terms of the benefit of a ramp really till the end of fiscal year 11 and then probably really in to fiscal year 12. That’s a tough enough environment to manage yourself in, from a cost perspective in a growing environment and with the industry participants matching supply and demand. When the macro scenario is more volatile then you have to have the ability to either change your mix or change your bills pretty quickly, and I would say that this quarter showed that some of the industry participants have those controls in place and able to respond quickly change mix, reduce build and maybe not the entire industry is there but this is a lot better than it has been historically yes and we believe that it gets a lot better, you know over the next year or two as well as, as companies continue obviously to streamline their operations, it doesn’t help anyone to over billed on a sustained basis because as we all know you can’t sustain market share gains by over-building and pricing, its all about new products.
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. Then just a last one on the buyback, is there anything left on the buyback that you have out there for the Anti-Dilution and any thoughts on, you should still be generating a significant amount of cash flow in fiscal 11 and any comments there?
Pat O’Malley: Yes, rich in January [due] formally with the board approves for the management to execute an Anti-Dilution plan given what the shares outstanding and the outstanding options. We still have ability to continue buyback shares if we deem that appropriate and we probably would have at a run rate what we just accomplished in the last quarter we probably had a couple more quarters of that if all things were in line, i.e. the stock prices and a few other variables, but we do have more ability to buy back shares under that board authority. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Miller with Nobel Financial. Please proceed.
Mark Miller - Nobel Financial: Just wondering as you noted the OEM pricings is going to cast and stone I assume there is no ability that putting in much will exist throughout the whole quarter. My question is more about, do you anticipate the channel pricing to be more aggressive this quarter or than it was last quarter was it the channel pricing non-linear was more of the pricing erosion seen at the very end of the quarter?
Steve Luczo: I definitely think things stabilized, it wasn’t just the back end of the quarter, it was also the very front of the quarter because of the dynamics I mentioned earlier but, I definitely think things will stabilize into this, calendar Q3 and beyond. Just simply because they’ve already come down to levels, if you look at the various capacity points and as Steve said, you know what products are playing there, there’s not any major industry transitions coming for the next couple of quarters foreseeably, so I just don’t see the cost coming out, so I think those pricing points will stabilize.
Mark Miller - Nobel Financial: And the OEM pricing will probably be as you just said it in the auctions a few weeks ago was that correct or there is very little latitude that’s going to change, is that correct? 
Steve Luczo: Yes, that’s correct.
Bob Whitmore: Yes and then of course they will reflect above the aggressive pricing that occurred in the June quarter mark.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman, The Bank of Montreal. Please proceed. 
Keith Bachman - The Bank of Montreal: I was hoping if you could talk about your expectations on the enterprise side of your business for not only September quarter but December quarter. What’s the feedback from the demand side and then more specifically, what are you thinking about potential share shifts in this part of your business and I have a follow-up please.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think in terms of share shifts again, last quarter I think it was or the quarter before you know we hit a very high market share which was as we indicated pretty reflective of lack of execution and one of the big enterprise players and we expect to hold that. However, we do believe that the 62% of share that we’re operating in is probably the right share for Seagate and we probably expect to hold that share and potentially do a little better if there’s execution issues which tends to be in the enterprise because it’s a difficult portfolio. I think in terms of demand, maybe just a little bit cautious still in terms of the cross currents that I indicated before against I would say it’s the one area where there seems to be recurring theme of strength whether or not it’s out of Intel or whether or not it’s out of IBM, or we’ll see what we hear from some of the other systems level companies. But maybe we’re a little more cautiously optimistic about enterprise in the September quarter. And then, clearly through the end of the year and through calendar 2011, we would expect that to be impacted by the refresh, the corporate technology refresh, and that’s going to be probably more a function of just what’s the macro scenario if you’ll like. 
Pat O’Malley:  Most of the comments that we said about consumers don’t really hold in the enterprise it’s been fairly, I’ll call it seasonal off the levels that we’re at right now, but seasonally up to just slightly, and that goes for the mission critical and business critical products that we’re talking about so. 
Keith Bachman - The Bank of Montreal:  And I would assume given your share and what not that prices have been fairly stable in the enterprise?
Pat O’Malley: Yes, I think there’s been some aggressiveness there as well. A big picture I think Seagate has a really strong broad portfolio and our OEM customers understand that so, we can manage it.
Operator:  And the next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of clarifications and then a question. Did you guys provide EPS guidance? I’m not sure if I missed it.
Pat O’Malley:  No, we gave enough of the assumptions I think you can come up with a good range Sherri.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And then on the growth margin, I just want to clarify; you said you’d be at the low end of your 22% to 26% range? 
Pat O’Malley: That’s how we are planning our business for this quarter to be conservative. We certainly as Steve said, we hopefully we had a conservative forecast based on everything that we see, but we just want to manage a business on that level of optics right now given the level of uncertainty that as Steve called cross currents that we are getting.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I mean I think it’s definitely prudent to be conservative right now, but I guess if I think about the gross margins when you go from the June to the September quarter, we’ve never seen a 500 basis points decline in gross margin. Typically the margins are up, pricing was a bit worse, there’s a lot of movement in pricing in June, so I’m trying to get a better understanding of why that might be down so much.
Pat O’Malley: Generally, the pricing in the September quarter over the last couple of years has been fairly benign, and I would say that given the June dynamics, we are certainly the channel where we’d be somewhat insulated because we have over 70% of business OEM, that sort of crossed the whole portfolio, so I would say that September is not, I would not call it a traditional pricing quarter for a September quarter.
Steve Luczo: I would say that a typical September quarter, not to overly beat a dead horse, but a typical September quarter doesn’t have as many of the cross currents that we are currently facing right now. I mean we’ve definitely transitioned I think from an environment that three to five months ago most CEOs of technology companies were planning for the upside and reacting to the downside and I would say that most of them are probably shifted more to a plan for the downside and be able to react to the upside. Seagate certainly has the operational flexibility to address that TAM that is at the high end of the range or frankly even higher than the high end of our range pretty quickly, and if that’s how it turns out, great. On the other hand, there was certainly enough going on in the June quarter and pricing that occurred at OEMs and in the channel that make us believe that, that’s a more prudent way to address the quarter from an investor perspective is to say that we are going to be at the low end of the range, and if things turn out better than that, then that’s great.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Then in terms of the CapEx, you mentioned in the supplemental information that there is some stuff that was deferred, you will pay the cash in the September quarter I wanted to get a sense of how much cash will there be that you are spending on CapEx in the September quarter? So, roughly how much will CapEx be in September and then also because of the lower demand environment we saw in June, did you adjust your CapEx plans down for the calendar year?
Pat O’Malley: One, on the latter we have continually adjusted our CapEx, what we see, what production line, so, Bob would comment but we, currently we have a fairly dynamic capital planning process, even with long lead times we try to manage at. We have a cash based receipt method. So, I’d say what rolls over, we might have some that we buy, and September rolls over and we will manage the CapEx about 6% to 8% of our revenue. We think that’s a long-term model to stay in technology production at a healthy level to support the business.  So, as opposed to the number, we will just manage it within that range. 
Steve Luczo: Yes, but to answer your question our capital budgets have come down significantly, whether or not they are significantly relative to the models the street has, I don’t know, because ours are obviously very dynamic and again when we were entering the quarter, there was a possibility as you may remember that we actually felt we would be at or above a 165 million units for the June quarter and then accelerating through back half of the year that was driving an expectation of a lot of capital. I think the dynamics have changed and up to the point now where we have definitely addressed our capital and reduced our budget significantly.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Obviously I think everybody as you know touched on the pricing dynamics and on the context of gross margin but what I would like to understand is the second point on their gross margin impact going into the quarter and obviously it sounds like more fixed cost coverage from a production standpoint eclipsing what was slower production in June. So can you help us bridge the gap between let’s say 27.4% down to let’s call it 23%, how much of that is associated with that fixed cost coverage dynamic?
Pat O’Malley:  Roughly 50-50 with the pricing mix and the fixed cost dynamic would be other 50-50. As Steve said is, if we have upside we certainly have to go manage that but given that we see a long-term growth in the industry. We could certainly shed fixed cost but that wouldn’t be the wise thing to do in the short term. So, we will manage the business conservatively until we see line of sight where maybe upsides or if there are, we will manage that through the quarter and try keep inventory tight which will drive to a higher production cost through the beginning part of the quarter. That’s our assumption in the model.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And additionally, I thought one comment that you had made was that, one competitor and I think we all know who that might be, continues to add production capacity, you actually said through the quarter. Are you guys saying that hasn’t necessarily changed despite the challenges that the industry had seen or did that start to show some improvement, let’s say late May into June? And then I have one final question. 
Dave Mosley: I think we talked about adding and continue to build not adding capacity. 
Steve Luczo: Yes, whether or not they added capacity or not, I don’t know. But I mean, from our perspective in the down term of 8%, it doesn’t really make sense to be up and build by 10% plus depending on how you account for the last 500 million drives that got shift. And I think that that behavior, it seemed like it took a long time for that competitor to adjust to production and whether or not that was a control issue or a goal to take market share for revenue growth or some other dynamic, we don’t understand. And how they are going adjust next quarter, obviously we don’t know, that’s why we are competitors. But, its just hard to say right now, Dave I mean…
Dave Mosley:  Its all right, I think you said it.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, fair enough. Final question for me is more of a longer term side. Aerial density and I think you guys talk about lack of kind of meaningful platform transitions through the next couple of quarters. Can you remind us Seagate’s thoughts as it pertains to aerial density growth slowing and how that relates to underlying fundamental dynamics in the hard drive industry?
Steve Luczo:  I’ll let Bob handle that.
Bob Whitmore: Aaron, I don’t know if you remember a couple of quarters ago I gave an update of where we thought we were aerial density-wise and at that time I said that we continue to invest to stay on what I’ll call industry trajectories of aerial density, what we expect the compounded annual growth rate to be. And I said that we are happy with the way things were going that the results were in line with those trajectories and I’d say six months later we feel the same way. We continue to see our internal components demonstrated at a rate that will keep us on track with what I’ll call again traditional trajectory, so we don’t see that obvious fundamental shift in the way we have to do business as it relates to aerial density.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland with Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you. There has been some talk in the distributor channel of HDD prices coming up in the September quarter and that’s obviously not in your guidance, is it even possible that we would see more price stability in September? I guess it’s somewhat surprising that 5 million drives would cause that sort of a decline in June. 
Dave Mosley:  I know what I think you are referring to about channel pricing behaviors that are stabilizing. What I’d say at this point right now is just stability, which is good. The clients were so dramatic at the start of last quarter that I think the exit points that we have being stabilized and in some cases raised like you are seeing, is evident for the fact that our model is probably stable from here. That’s exactly what the biggest driver last quarter, and I think some to watch this quarter if you can.  
Pat O’Malley: And Jason, we are not saying that 5 million caused this impact. As Dave said, it started early in the quarter and continued through. So the pricing environment just didn’t end on those 5 million drives.
Dave Mosley:  I think Jason you have to look at it from a little bit different perspective. Early when in the quarter, April, May timeframe, when consumer is so soft and people are just trying to get the early part of the quarter moving. They know that June is going to be big too so its really hard to see what the ending trajectory is, right. That’s setting those knobs properly as I think some of the, and versus the inventory that people had in the chains, that’s the thing we are questioning right. Now we ended as an industry with okay inventory levels but obviously the price is set where it is. Now as we see, as we enter the next quarter, seeing people stabilizing those pricing and in some cases saying, this isn’t good economics for me, I am going to raise the prices, I mean that makes sense to me. But I don’t see that trend going on a lot. I guess that’s it.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, but I’d also caution you not to just count the impact of 5 million units too much. I mean when the industry was 5 million units short consecutive for three or four quarters you saw price stability that we haven’t seen in a decade. So, 5 million units of over production especially since most of its going into very limited customer base, it’s a lot of units to be all of a sudden trying to move and you have to remember that those prices are very transparent not withstanding, this is just a special deal for you, and it impacts pricing across the board very quickly.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay, I appreciate the color there and last question from me is Dave you mentioned new products and we heard Momentus XT was on allocation. It sounds like an interesting product. I assume a nice margin profile. What’s demand like and are you seeing OEM qualifications?
Dave Mosley: Yes, I mean we are really excited about the product. We have indicated I think for about the last year that we believe that the hybrid drives whether or not, ultimately that’s what we should be calling them, but drive where you basically utilize silicon technology in combination with HDD as probably by far in a way a better solution for the vast majority of client computing. I think in enterprise clearly there is a play for SSDs which Seagate feels very good about its roadmap right now. But in the mid-range of enterprise and clearly in the client, the hybrid drive has basically all the benefits of an SSD. In fact you might argue some that you can’t do with an SSD because you can actually cash between the rotating media and the silicon, then of course with the costing capacity advantages of HDD. So, we do feel good about it.  It’s a very interesting question about OEM’s, there are classes of OEM customers who basically you can’t even finish the presentation and they understand it, and they run hard. There are others who I think are stuck more on some of the cost benefits if you will. But we feel really good about the product and I think as I have said on occasion looking out five years I wouldn’t be shocked if 80% of our portfolio is hybrid.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Kathy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: What does linearity looks like in Europe? Did you actually see some stabilization in June and early July or is it still continuing to decelerate?
Dave Mosley: It stabilized to the lower numbers what we kind of amended through the quarter Kathy and I would remind not holding the fence its still not great going into the following quarter now. We know a lot about vacations and consumers and affecting consumer behaviors in Europe through the month of July but I am still very, very cautious on what the true demand is.  You know there is indications and we are watching, Steve made comments about this in his script there that calendar Q4 may actually tick up in Europe but I think we’re going to have to get solidly into August probably before we know what the consumer spending patterns are in Europe and whether they have started to recover.
Kathy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And to that point, we’re coming off low base just given consumer weakness in calendar 2Q and 3Q and then for drives in particular as it relates to the inventory adjustments and as we look into the calendar fourth quarter you have Europe coming back seasonally.  We talked about commercial enterprise being a recurring theme of strength. Is there a potential set-up where fourth quarter unit seasonality could be even better than we have seen in past years? I know there is a lot about stuff going on and you don’t want to make a heroic call but is there a potential set-up for calendar fourth quarter strength here?
Steve Luczo:  I think maybe Kathy and I think that the only one piece of (inaudible) control out there and so is supposed to wishful thinking is the strength of Intel numbers. And obviously Intel has a 13 week lead cycle or more and they’re certainly seeing a different scenario than we feel because we’re at the closer end of the integration chain and they just do that, that’s indicative of a possibility of strong demand and people obviously aren’t going to walk away from Intel because if they close down a fab, that’s something that shuts off supply for six months like what happened a year ago. And so, yes there’s a possibility of that and again, its just back to how did the industry manage itself in terms of inventory in the channel and supply and demand and overall production capability.  But we certainly wish that we could get better visibility earlier in the September quarter but the nature of the September quarter is you don’t get great visibility probably till mid to late August but I think that at least there is a shot of that for sure. 
Kathy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And then, as it relates, just last question on gross margin, same sort of play on the fourth quarter, the industry is going to hopefully take care of the extra five million units. If you end up seeing a mix shift back to enterprise and prices stabilize at these new lower levels, could we actually see gross margins kick up nicely sequentially in December?
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think so.  
Kathy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay thank you.
Steve Luczo:   Right, I’d like to thank to everyone for joining us on the call today. Please give us your feedback on the format. I’d also like to thank our customers, our suppliers and our employees for their continued effort over the year and during the quarter and a great year to all the Seagate employees and again, thanks to our customers and suppliers. We look forward speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-04-21 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Luczo – Chairman, President & CEO Dave Mosley – EVP of Sales, Marketing & Product Line Management Bob Whitmore – EVP & CTO Pat O'Malley – EVP & CFO
Analysts: Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities Rich Kugele – Needham & Company Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan Stephen Fox – CLSA Jayson Noland – Robert Baird Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Seagate Technology fiscal third quarter financial results conference call. My name is Amity and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants on a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the Company’s future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2009 and in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2010. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Steve Luczo: Thank you, Amity. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Entering the March quarter we discussed a few underlying assumptions on which we based our financial outlook, including a muted seasonal pattern with variability around the lunar New Year, pricing trends that would reflect balance supply and demand, and the Seagate would continue to deliver time to market products. With respect to demand in the March quarter the total available market countered seasonal patterns and grew to approximately 163 million units, higher than our original expectation of 155 to 160 million units. The 163 million units were likely short of unconstrained demand. As indicated by low inventory levels, in our OEM and distribution channels. As expected, we experienced variability and demand during January and February, particularly, around lunar New Year for notebook drives. As was the case last year, demand for Seagate products increased and sustained throughout the month of March. Pricing in the March quarter was as we planned. As a result of a relatively balance supply and demand profile throughout the quarter. Additionally, channel inventory levels for Seagate products remain at around three weeks across all geographies and across all product offering. Finally, as planned, Seagate continue to shift time to market products in all markets with the broadest offering in the industry. Consistent with our expectations we delivered strong operational and financial results. Revenue in the March quarter reached $3 billion, a 42% increase year-over-year. Net income was $518 million resulting in $1 of diluted earnings per share. While the financial and operating results were strong, there were internal supply chain constraints that impacted our mix optimization early in the quarter. We generated operating cash flow of $577 million in the quarter and we repurchased approximately $250 million of our common shares. As we plan for the June quarter, we are expecting the TAM will be 155 million units to 160 million units. However, there is some growing evidence that the seasonal declines in the notebook and desktop markets historically associated with the March and June quarters are diminishing. Due to the continued growth in Asia-Pacific demand, back to school bills occurring earlier in the summer, as customers attempt to optimize their supply chains and dynamics around lunar New Year. Given the strength of the March quarter, and our current outlook for June, we are also more confident in our estimate of a calendar 2010 TAM of between 650 million units and 670 million units. As stated previously, our TAM outlook for the calendar 2010 does not include a significant commercial refresh cycle. However, we do believe there are early indications that the commercial refresh cycle has begun as evidenced by the strength in the 3.5-inch product TAM. Additionally, we believe it is increasingly likely that our broader economic recovery in the United States and Europe will occur later in the calendar year, resulting in a potential for increase in demand above our current forecast of 650 million units to 670 million units. We still believe, however, that the HDD industry is constrained to a total output of around 670 million units given capacity, yields, component supply, technology transitions and capital deployment schedule for the remainder of calendar 2010. Consistent with this outlook, we anticipate price erosion to be lower than historical patterns primarily due to tight supply for the remainder of the calendar year. Consequently, many of our OEM and distribution customers continue to emphasize supply availability as their primary concern in our discussions for the June quarter and through the remainder of calendar 2010. We remain focused on continued improvements across our global operations, delivering the best products to our customers and achieving strong financial performance to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Dave to discuss specific market dynamics in fiscal Q3 and going into fiscal Q4.
Dave Mosley:
 : Contrary to the last two quarters, total 3.5-inch unit shipments surpassed 2.5-inch unit shipments. OEM 3.5-inch poles were strong and the desktop channel business exhibited typical sales patterns in the March quarter. Conversely, overall, industry demand for 2.5-inch drive in January and February was impacted by notebook component and labor availability. But the situation quickly improved in March. These two dynamics allowed 3.5-inch to outpace 2.5-inch unit demand. We believe the HDD industry managed inventory appropriately from March quarter. And that Seagate specifically exited the quarter was channel inventory for desktop notebook and enterprise drives close to three weeks, which is below historical level. Looking at our market performance, Seagate shipments grew 31% from the year ago quarter to a record 50.3 million units demonstrating continued HDD demand resilience against the macro economic background. We continue to meet our customers demand for high capacity, high performance product configurations across all markets. Seagate delivered over 70% of its unit shipments to OEM customers during the quarter. Now, I will give some detail on a few key markets. Seagate shipped 5.1 million drives for mission critical server and storage applications during the quarter, representing an 11% increase quarter-over-quarter. We extended our leading share position as we believe the total available market in this space was essentially flat from the December quarter. These shipments were slightly higher than we had planned at the beginning of the quarter as our products experienced strong demand and with our flexible supply chain we were able to take advantage of competitive execution issues. We believe that the demand picture for enterprise storage systems is continuing to improve and expect to effectively meet that growing demand throughout the remainder of the calendar year. We expect the TAM for mission critical enterprise drives to be slightly down in the June quarter consistent with seasonality. And we expect our share to be more consistent with historical levels. The TAM and the desktop market for the March quarter was approximately 65.1 million units, up 4% sequentially, and up 24% year-over-year. Seagate shipped 24.6 million units in this space. For the June quarter we expect the desktop TAM to be flat sequentially. Seagate shipped 13.7 million units into the mobile compute market, an increase of 54% from the year ago quarter. The overall TAM in the mobile compute space was approximately 71 million units in the March quarter, essentially flat sequentially and up 65% year-over-year. We expect the TAM in the mobile compute space for the June quarter to be seasonal and slightly down sequentially. That said it is possible that the TAM for the June quarter for 2.5-inch mobile drives could be higher sequentially because of the supply chain optimization. In addition, depending upon the demand profile of June we may have the opportunity to build some inventory to serve customer demand in the back half of the calendar year. Finally, we believe that the retail market for both Seagate branded products and for the external Box Builders that we service saw relatively flat demand quarter-over-quarter, with high growth in Asia tampered by seasonal slowdowns in the U.S. and Europe. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on our operations and product development.
Bob Whitmore: Thanks, Dave. The focus in R&D and operations continues to be on executing time to market, product introductions, supplying our customers with products in a robust demand environment. Today, I will give an update on products, operations, component supply and capital investments. I will start with a brief overview of new product development. In mission critical enterprise we move forward and transitioning the 2.5-inch 10,000 RPM product line from 450 GB to 600 GB. We have completed most customer qualifications and are increasing volume production. In business critical and cloud applications we continue to increase our output for a 2.5-inch 500 GB and 3.5-inch 2 terabyte product lines. As for the desktop market, we continue to optimize an increased production of the 500 GB per disk product line as well as starting the transition to 667 GB per disk. Finally, in notebook, we continue to qualify in increased production of our 320 GB per disk and new 7 mm 250 GB product lines. Additionally, we have now shipped the industry’s first 7200 RPM product, a 375 GB per disk into our retail business and are shipping to OEMs this quarter. Overall, we continue to make good progress on new product introductions and execution and time to market deliveries for the broadest portfolio in the industry. I will now give some detail as it relates to operations, supply and capital. As mentioned earlier, we continue to run our operations in a fully utilized manner throughout the quarter. Inventory turns for the quarter were approximately 12.5, well within our target range of 11 turns to 13 turns. Raw materials and components were up over quarter due to the strategic replenishment of our component and supply lines to more normal levels and in anticipation of growth in the upcoming quarters. Similar to the previous quarter, the supply chain was generally tight for Seagate and the industry. We expect that trend to continue for this quarter and for the remainder of the calendar year. Critical components continue to be the supply of glass substrates, finished media and heads. Despite having this pressure in the supply chain we are underpinned to support the current financial outlook and well positioned to meet the increased demand through the end of the calendar year. Finally, I will make a few comments on our capital investments. Today’s robust demand environment and the broad acceptance of our products require capital investments that line our capacity to support 650 million units to 670 million units industry TAM for the calendar year 2010. This represents a year-over-year increase of 15% to 20% and is in line with third-party analyst growth estimates. As we have discussed in the past capital investments are a function of revenue growth opportunities, the need to support customer requirements, along with future technology transitions, and aerial density advancements. As such, the capital planning process is dynamic and we will continuously evaluate business requirements and raise or lower our capital investments properly. In summary, our development and operation teams remain focus on delivering time to market products, staging technologies for the future and increasing our factory output and efficiency throughout the supply chain. Now, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Pat O'Malley: Thanks, Bob. You will find the Company’s press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate’s Web site at seagate.com. I will start with some comments regarding the fiscal Q3 results, then touch on the balance sheet and close with our June quarter outlook. For the March quarter Seagate reported shipments of 50.3 million units and revenue of $3.05 billion, up slightly as compared to the prior quarter and up 31% and 42% from a year ago period respectively. Gross margin for the March quarter was 29.6%, roughly 40 basis points better than our midpoint guidance implied. R&D and SG&A totaled $329 million for the March quarter better than expected due to R&D spending that shifted to future quarters and discrete items benefiting SG&A. The tax provision for the March quarter was $4 million as compared to a benefit of $6 million in the prior quarter. We continue to use for planning purposes a tax rate of 3%. Note that the June quarter is our fiscal year end and any adjustments are required to our annual book tax rate will be reflected in the provision for the quarter. Moving now to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments totaled $2.4 billion at the end of the March quarter, up approximately $117 million as compared to the December quarter. Cash flow from operations was $577 million, capital investments were $108 million and free cash flow was $397 million. In late January, the Board approved an anti-dilution stock repurchase plan. Under this plan, the company repurchased 13.5 million common shares for approximately $250 million during the March quarter. Over the next 18 months we will continue to reshape the capital structure of the company with a primary objectives been an overall debt level of $1.5 billion to $1.75 billion and a fully diluted share count of 500 million shares or less. Now, I like to update the outlook for the June quarter. The key assumptions on which we are based our outlook are a historical pattern for unit demand which for June quarter is down 2% to 5% sequentially. Pricing trends better than historical for June quarter, reflecting a balance supply and demand environment. And our competition will likely improve the current enterprise class product offering and Seagate share in this market will trend closer to historical levels. As a result, for the June quarter the Company expects the following Industry unit TAM of 155 million to 160 million. Revenue of $2.85 billion to $3.05 billion. R&D and SG&A costs were approximately $340 million. Other income and expense of a net expense of approximately $35 million. A tax rate for planning purposes of 3%. Outstanding share count were approximately 520 million and GAAP earnings per share of $0.81 to $0.85 per share which includes approximately $0.02 in charge related to purchase intangible amortization expense. The June quarter outlook does not include the impact of any potential new, restructuring activities. Future mergers, acquisitions, financing, dispositions for other business combinations that Company may undertake, the Company’s policy is to refrain from commenting on such activities. That concludes my remarks for today. Steve?
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Pat. I believe we are well-positioned to meet the strong demand profile we expect for the remainder of the calendar year. I want to thank our employees for their ongoing commitment and hard work. And I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. Amity, we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Hunt with Hapoalim Securities. Please proceed.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Hi, I’ve had a couple things. I might have missed it, but did you guys say gross margin range for next quarter?
Pat O'Malley: No, we didn’t say that. It would imply that we’re slightly down on our gross margin this quarter.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Okay. And your side of the puts and take on what would be moving down or up, what you’re expecting?
Pat O'Malley: It’s just probably the mix of the enterprise as I said we’re going to historical levels in enterprise versus this prior quarter and some positive on the mix of our other product segments.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Okay. And then one other, Bob, you touched briefly on the branded products, but in terms of like, assuming that’s what you’re referring to is in the CE product category list in that, looks like it was very strong in a quarter. Any additional kind of color there, what might have been going on throughout that?
Bob Whitmore: What are you talking about specifically? CE is different than branded.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Oh that’s I’m saying. I didn’t hear you saying anything about CE. So I don’t know if you’re talking?
Bob Whitmore: No, we didn’t talk about specifically. I can give a little bit more color I think Kevin. The CE breaks basically into the DVR market, the gaming market; we participated in both and did quite well in both. I think we believe our DVR products were the share leader in DVR and then we started participating in some of the gaming markets as well and did over a million drive in games.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Okay. And that seems like kind of counter seasonal or not normal for a March quarter but that there maybe not so much in the DVR market, but on gaming at least, so is there anything different going on there in the trends in that market or?
Dave Mosley: I don’t think so. I think it’s just fairly expected. I think seasonally and some of those as we talk about a number of times some of the supply chain optimization happen, market segments to market segments also.
Bob Whitmore: Its better you talk to our customers about what they’re doing, what their builds and profiles versus us having talk about it, Kevin.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Okay, all right, thanks a lot, guys.
Dave Mosley: There’s nothing really a seasonal about it.
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: Okay, thanks you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. Two questions. First, kind of a bigger picture question on the structural changes in the industry. What have you seen over the past year that really industry needs to understand when it comes to changes in seasonality or mix or production capability as opposed to maybe some of the historical rules of thumb on approaching the group whether it comes to CapEx or pricing or the channel or any help would be appreciated?
Steve Luczo: Well, I think, Rich, depending on how you define the industry, I think if you look at the supply chain and clearly, the supply chain has changed structurally and the drive industries changed structurally and our customer bases changed structurally. And if you look at who recognizes that in the industry participants I think it’s all the players, how the supply chain is allocating capital and aligning with drive companies and how our customers are aligning with us. I think all those relationships have changed pretty dramatically over the last three years to five years, I mean in general, what’s happened over the last ten years is that the drive industry was a lot more fragmented ten years ago and the customer base was lot more consolidated. And now the drive industry and the supply chain is consolidated and the customer base is actually more fragmented both with respect to of OEMs and then clearly with respect to new categories like CE being huge now and the retail business. So I think that the industry has probably responded fairly well and as you say, it’s changing the demand profile throughout the year and its one of the things that along with the growth in Asia, we’ve certainly seen more linearity within a quarter and we’re starting to see more linearity even across a calendar year although early the back half of this year seems to be certainly setting up for some fairly decent growth That could be economic as well as normal kind of September-December quarter trend. I think the investment community just depends I think the analyst community is in terms of the industry analyst I think have been probably on the subject fairly well, I mean I think John Monroe has been writing about it for well over a year now. I think the sell side analyst some get it and some preferring to PEs and earnings valuations that are historically based which maybe as an appropriate. And I think on the buy side stocks are trading at 30% to 40% below PE levels that they were off when the industry was more fragmented with fewer customers. So probably either a different analysis or a lag in terms of believing that something really has structurally changed. But I think it’s probably just more execution by the industrial help make that clear.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay, then secondly, I guess more a tactical question on what happened in the March quarter when it comes to the enterprise. What were you seeing from a competitive front and how were you able to meet the demand so quickly? Because that’s something happened towards the end of the quarter, with that product you’re staging for Q3 demand and you’re able to fulfill it or any color would be good?
Dave Mosley: No, I’d say, we keep healthy supply chain always on enterprise to start from pretty much the start of the quarter onwards, just strong hope for our products, both the 2.5-inch and 3.5-inches by the mission critical alliance. And we believe that was due to competitive execution issues that our share was higher than we expected going into the quarter.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Have those issues been resolved with this competitor?
Dave Mosley: I’m clear right now. You said competitor, Rich, I don’t know that it was a competitor, should have been more than one competitor.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay great, thank you very much.
Pat O'Malley: And Rich, be clear we’re guiding that they will –
Dave Mosley: (inaudible)
Pat O'Malley: Right. So, we’re making the assumption that’s going to be the case. So as they’ve said we keep a healthy supply chain there and we opportunistically and structurally support that and it came our way.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Dave Mosley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Hey, thanks a lot. Could you talk a little bit about the linearity of the quarter, in particular, there were just some speculations out there about availability picking up in March. What was that true and did you see any competitive drive availability that impacted the market towards the end of the quarter or was all that speculation kind of overblown and I have just a follow-up? Thanks.
Steve Luczo: Ben, I said in my comments that I think it was a fairly seasonal or fairly typical March quarter and some of that does come especially in the channel to be higher in March than it is in January. We also saw some, I will call it some natural muting before Chinese New Year, in January in particular, because of component constraints on notebook. So I think that did drive some different linearity behaviors and what we saw for example, in the December quarter. I think we had some mix issues of our own as well that you could be interpreted various different ways in January but we made that up by March. So in aggregate I think the quarter ended up fairly predictable and fairly typical historically. As a matter of fact I think the inventory levels are probably lower than what we would generally see historically. So that’s why we said everybody behaved themselves.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital: And then my follow-up is with regard to the calendar second quarter, I mean, you’re guiding units down, 2% to 5% but you also said a lot of things in your comments about how it could be better than that. So I guess what are you trying to say have you seen indications from your customers that it probably is better but you just going to guide it down 2% to 5% and what exactly are you seeing that gives you the confidence that it could be a little better than that?
Dave Mosley: I will try in this way. So, this is seasonally down that much. I think most of the customers right now because of comments that we’re all hearing together are a little bit gun shy about carrying inventory at the end of this quarter and so on and so forth. But they see a big back half of the year and people are fairly consistent in that. So they will be worried about supply as well. So our guidance is that as we go up through a step function into the following quarter we’re going to watch very carefully, manage our inventory very carefully, if we see the opportunity to allay some of those fears, especially take advantage of supply chain optimization, get things on board up against back to school and so on, we will do that, we will do that with our customers as we approach June.
Steve Luczo: And I think the other kind of unknown variable is the historical patterns up until maybe last one year or two years haven’t really encompassed the level of demand that we get out of Asia Pac that we do now. And because those economies are so large and are growing so quickly that they can also tend to offset what might be “A typical seasonal decline” that was mostly a U.S. Europe phenomenon or the 20 years that we look at historically. So talking to a lot of the producers whether or not it’s OEM or ODM, they will make those decisions sometime in the May to end of June timeframe and depending on how really they make them a good it could positively impact June in a way that we haven’t seen historically.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital: All right, thanks and one final if can just impose is you mentioned that the industry analysts generally see demand increasing 15% to 20%, but I would think that investors are really thinking at the PC markets up around 20% this year, and you’re increasing TAM 15% to 20% I mean do you think there is a chance that disk drive capacity could hold back the growth in the PC market this year or things that type or are things that have potentially to, do you have a potential to meet demand if indeed 20%, 20% plus is, is possible in the PC market?
Dave Mosley: Yes, again, I think we’re mixing and matching between overall TAM versus PC and then between desktop and notebook. I think right now the industry is fairly well aligned to the growth that that’s the customers are forecasting. On the other hand if demand is stronger either because there’s a commercial refresh cycle that stronger than people are booking in or if the Europe and the U.S. pick up in ways that are currently forecasted than it could be a struggle, I mean right now though it feels everybody is kind of go and flat out and meeting the demand or maybe just shy of the constrained demand that’s there.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Mark Moskowitz –JP Morgan: Yes, thank you, good afternoon. A couple of questions. First, I want to follow up on Dave’s comments earlier about the supply chain optimization that could potentially help Seagate build inventory in the June quarter. Just kind of curious how that could happen? Can you give us a little more on the puts and takes if the industry is so constrained how you could suddenly build inventory for the September quarter?
Steve Luczo: Why we buy and build inventory for the September quarter, that’s what I would say in with supply chain optimization. I think what we would do is we would look out into July, August timeframe and say we’re going to have to build inventory up against that at the back end of this quarter down. The question is then relative to outbound supply chain and ocean freight and things like that what do we want to do is to optimize say a six month look at this from Q4 into Q1, we would certainly take those opportunities where we could.
Dave Mosley: I think the point is that if June is stronger than what we’re thinking we’re going to be flat out, we’re not going to have the opportunity to build inventory that we could use in September or December. If June is seasonal or if it’s weaker we probably use that as an opportunity to build the inventory in September and December because the back half ramps are pretty extreme.
Steve Luczo: More clarity?
Mark Moskowitz –JP Morgan: Yes, that’s helpful. I’m trying to get a sense in terms of the wiggle room so that was helpful there –?
Steve Luczo: It’s not a lot but we’ll take what we can get.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Okay. And then the other follow-up is commentary on CapEx. Should we still stick with the 700 million bogeys for the fiscal year and then how should we think about the next two quarters out there as far as making the balance 2010, I guess still be around 20% or so for CapEx growth for the calendar year?
Steve Luczo: I think that the 750 number is still about right and no change really to 2010. The number we gave you for 2010 was again against 650 to 670 TAM which is kind of we think that the industry is capped out. So doesn’t make sense to invest capital beyond that the whole supply chain can handle it.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Sure. And just lastly, Steve, clearly, price has been a big topic for lot of investors out there and it seems like you kind of some of the bare mongering out there in terms of pricing not going to be under as much pressure we see at. Any sense in terms of Seagate or other participants able to bundle with some of the key OEMs to kind of lay their concerns about constraints from a component perspective and is that kind of give you a pricing umbrella there to help out?
Steve Luczo: Not sure I understand the question. Can you –?
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: I’m just trying to get a sense in terms of from a pricing perspective. Just given how you and WD are a lot better position right now versus Hitachi and Fujitsu with some of their technology issues are you guys able to guarantee more volume to certain OEMs and thereby they give you better price?
Steve Luczo: Look, the pricing is highly competitive, always will be in this industry. And we understand that getting all of our technologies whether or not at the semiconductor or disk drive or PCBA or anything else is how we drive demand. So I think pricing is in balance now with the level of our technology and the capacities that we have. And for sure, we believe that our model which has two huge elements to it. One is a very broad product portfolio and two is a highly integrated supply chain work in our favor when demand and supply are tied at they are right now, when I think our customers recognize it as well.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Fox with CLSA. Please proceed.
Stephen Fox – CLSA: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could take into the enterprise market a little bit. I understand what you’re talking about with competitive dynamics, but there’s been a lot of evidence that we’re more in a cycle on enterprise class type of products. If you look at your last four quarters I don’t know if that give you the numbers but they’ve been sequentially up significantly four quarters in a row. Why wouldn’t you continue to expect that in the June quarter? I know you won’t be conservative, but is there a chance that we can continue to see strength in the cycle or is there something else that you’re seeing?
Dave Mosley: Well, I would say if I go back four quarters we were really hitting at the time what we talked about with the bare refresh rate. I mean there was really not that growth. So how much replenishment went on over the last couple of quarters is one way to look at it. We’re still not theoretically back to where we’re before, the macroeconomic front sharpened. I do think that there are possibilities people are talking about certain refresh, there are possibilities in storage for more growth. I mean we’re not really baking that in and we don’t think it would happen in the June seasonal quarter anyway but we’ll react to it if it starts.
Stephen Fox – CLSA: And definitely where you wouldn’t be constrained if you saw upside to your expectations right now?
Dave Mosley: No.
Stephen Fox – CLSA: And then last question can you just talk a little bit more I think you mentioned that external demand it was especially strong in Asia. I mean is there something in particular that’s driving that now as opposed to what you’ve been seeing in North America or is just that similar dynamics that have moved further East?
Dave Mosley: I think some of the models are developing quite well in Asia and even if you just look at PC demand it was hardly down quarter-over-quarter. So it’s really back to Steve’s comments around the lunar New Year. Some of those behaviors we’re seeing are driving our calendar Q1 to be fairly strong actually and I think the retail markets are taking advantage of that as well.
Stephen Fox – CLSA: Great, thank you very much.
Steve Luczo: Hey, Amity, we’re going to take two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland with Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Jayson Noland – Robert Baird: Yes, thank you. A follow-up question on inventory build expectations for the June quarter I guess against the guidance are you expecting it channel inventories to come up a bit off of a three-weeks or just more color there would be helpful?
Dave Mosley: I would say we model in, Noland, we will have to see how it runs at against the end of the quarter so we’re not expecting to do it. I wouldn’t look at it as channel inventories as much as I would look at a CE held inventory against the build. So what we hold in West maybe around finished goods. If we’re really going into a calendar Q3 this is as big as what we forecast.
Jayson Noland – Robert Baird: Steve, anything else you could add around some of the early trends you are seeing on the commercial side? You said 3.5-inch pull through is pretty good.
Steve Luczo: I think there’s obviously been an enough tech companies reporting this week whether or not it was Intel last week and Apple today and it certainly seems like that there is evidence out there is a commercial refresh starting to occur I think people have been fairly consistent, for the last quarter or two that to say that this on the server side they’ve seen that happening, now the question is how does that flow through to commercial notebook and desktop. Starting if you look it’s certainly CIOs are getting more confidence in deploying new technology given frankly, how well be installed basis.
Jayson Noland – Robert Baird: Last question from me, Pat, should we expect ASPs to be down a dollar to end of the June quarter?
Pat O'Malley: I think probably somewhat less than that, but it’s a mix but I would just say within that range are better.
Jayson Noland – Robert Baird: Thanks, gentlemen, congrats on a quarter.
Steve Luczo: Thanks very much. Last question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys and congratulations as well. Two questions from me. Number one, I know it looks like according to my estimates the CapEx came in a little bit shy what I was previously estimating. Did you guys give an updated CapEx assumption for the full year, any thoughts as you look in the fiscal 2011? And then I do have a follow-up.
Dave Mosley: No change to what we’ve been saying for 2010. It’s too early to talk about 2011. We’ll see where we’re at in terms of later this summer in terms of what the September and December quarter feels like and then if you’re looking at a normal growth off of 2010 of call it 10% to 12%, then we will deploy capital as appropriate.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: And then the follow-up would be it looks like your notebook business down 7% or so in shipments versus the industry of flat sequentially. Maybe you guys were more heavily impacted by some of the component shortages. Maybe you can help us understand that a little bit relative to again the flat industry count?
Dave Mosley: No, let’s be clear, so the component shortages weren’t inside of our supply chain. They were under notebook supply chain on the outbound. They happened early in the quarter. We impacted somewhat slightly but I wouldn’t say that we were very far off of our plans going into the quarter.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: And then I will sneak one last one in here. Any update on SSD strategy?
Dave Mosley: No change. We think it’s going to be an important business for us and we’re hard at look at it and we feel good about our product road map.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks, guys.
Dave Mosley: Thank you. All right, thanks, everyone. And we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter.
Operator:
 :

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  William David Mosley - Executive Vice President - Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management  Robert W. Whitmore - Executive Vice President - Product and Process Development, Chief Technical Officer  Patrick J. O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Richard Kugele – Needham & Company Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital  Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan Bill Fearnley – FTN Capital  David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Rob Cihra – Caris & Company  Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird Stephen Fox – CLSA Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co. Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets  Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Group  
Operator: Welcome to the Seagate Technology fiscal second quarter financial results conference call. (Operator's Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the company’s future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2009 and in the company’s quarterly reports on form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2009.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Stephen Luczo: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales and Product Line Management.  Over the course of calendar year 2009 the technology industry has improved faster than the broader economy and the storage sector has outperformed almost every other sector in technology. As a result the demand for storage continued to accelerate throughout the calendar year. Given Seagate’s breadth of product line we have been able to adjust our production schedules to meet this accelerating demand for storage as the global recovery broadens.  Our strong performance in our second fiscal quarter was influenced by many factors that allowed us to deliver financial results that far exceeded our guidance at the beginning of the quarter. When we discussed our first fiscal quarter results three months ago we also discussed our approach to planning for the December quarter. We indicated there would be variability in a number of factors that could positively impact the quarter. While two of those assumptions did help us achieve better than expected results we expect the other two variables to provide additional opportunities throughout the calendar year 2010.  First, the demand profile across our entire product line was linear throughout the quarter and we did not experience the dramatic decline during the last two weeks in the quarter as we did in the December 2008 quarter. Second, our assumption for enterprise storage demand proved to be conservative as demand accelerated throughout the quarter. Those two factors positively impacted our results in the December quarter.  Third, we indicated that the Windows 7 refresh would likely accelerate PC demand. We do not believe there was a meaningful refresh cycle reflected in our Q2 results. However, we still expect this to be an opportunity for us throughout this calendar year.  Fourth, we were not planning for a robust economic recovery in the United States or Europe during the quarter. We now expect a broader global economic recovery to occur in the second half of calendar year 2010 and we believe this recovery will result in a higher probability for a broad based commercial refresh of information technology products including storage devices.  Throughout the quarter we continued to have very strong demand for our high capacity, high performance products in both the notebook and desktop markets. In addition the enterprise market experienced the second consecutive quarter of double digit growth. The combination of increases of demand across our portfolio with the stable pricing environment resulted in gross margin of 30.5% and provides strong momentum as we move into calendar year 2010. To the extent these market conditions continue we expect the company to operate above our stated target range for gross margin percentage.  We achieved revenue in the December quarter of $3 billion, a 33% increase year-over-year and a 14% increase sequentially. Net income was $533 million resulting in $1.03 of earnings per share. We also continued to strengthen the balance sheet generating operating cash flow of $753 million and repaying $246 million in debt.  We believe the TAM for the December quarter was approximately 160 million units. At these demand levels the industry experienced constraints throughout the supply chain. As we plan for the March quarter we are assuming muted seasonality with a TAM in a range of between 155 and 160 million units.  Throughout the calendar year we anticipate ongoing component constraints across the supply chain including internally sourced components which we believe will constrain disc drive supply relative to demand. In this environment we expect to make capacity additions although our objectives will continue to be maintaining the balance of supply and demand while optimizing our production volumes and product mix to meet customer needs.  Finally, I want to emphasize that while we are experiencing a robust demand environment and we have a strong product portfolio based on our technology leadership there is still room for improvement at Seagate in all operating, technical and support functions. We remain highly focused on excellence throughout our company and delivering the best products to our customers and achieving strong financial performance for our shareholders.  With that let me turn the call over to Dave to discuss the specific market dynamics for fiscal Q2 and going into fiscal Q3. 
William David Mosley :  Thanks Steve. Seagate shipped 49.9 million units during the quarter representing 36% annual growth and 8% sequential growth. We believe the overall industry shipped approximately 160 million units. Linearity held strong from October all the way through the quarter end. The strong demand reflected an intense customer appetite for our notebook and desktop product lines particularly at 500 GB and 1 terabyte capacity points and high performance 7,200 RPM configurations.  In addition we experienced accelerated demand for our 15,000 RPM enterprise products throughout the quarter. These demand conditions resulted in an improved product mix that combined with strong unit demand and improved factory utilization to drive continued margin improvement.  Now I will give some detail on the individual markets. The TAM in the mission critical space for the December quarter was approximately 7.5 million units up 14% quarter-over-quarter and 8% year-over-year. Seagate shipped 4.6 million drives for mission critical server and storage applications during the quarter maintaining its leadership position. Mission critical drive shipments of 3.5 inch 15,000 RPM products were stronger than we anticipated throughout the quarter owing to an improving picture in enterprise storage systems.  Seagate’s portfolio scale and leverage allowed us to efficiently meet these demand increases for our enterprise customers. As with last quarter this represents strong sequential growth and as this market returns to historical levels or greater Seagate as the market leader will benefit. The TAM in the desktop market for the December quarter was approximately 64 million units, up 7% sequentially and 26% year-over-year. We believe we maintained our leadership position in this market shipping 25.1 million units, up 8% from the September quarter.  Seagate clearly leads the industry in component volume shipments of capacity points at or above 500 GB per disc in the desktop market. Over 85% of our desktop products shipping during the December quarter were of this configuration signaling that the product transition we have discussed in our calls for the past three quarters is now complete.  For the March quarter we expect the desktop TAM to be flat sequentially. The overall TAM in the mobile compute space was approximately 71 million units in the December quarter, up 10% sequentially and 53% year-over-year. Seagate shipped 14.8 million units, an increase of 7% sequentially and 95% from the year-ago quarter.  During the quarter Seagate benefited from delivering high capacity and high performance drives, particularly 250 GB per disc products and 7,200 RPM products. Our consumer electronics and retail product lines also took advantage of these capacity points. We expect the TAM in the mobile compute space in the March quarter to be slightly down sequentially.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on our operations and product development. 
Robert Whitmore :  Thanks Dave. Our focus in R&D and operations continues to be in executing time to market, product introductions, staging technology for the future and supplying our customers with products in a robust demand environment. Today I will give an update on products, technology and capital investment.  We continue to have a very high priority on new product execution, customer qualifications and product transitions across our portfolio. The 3.5 inch, 15,000 RPM mission critical enterprise product line continues the transition from a 450 GB product family to a 600 GB product family. We have substantially completed customer qualifications and are increasing to volume production. In addition we have completed development and started qualification of the industry’s first 600 GB 2.5 inch 10,000 RPM mission critical product.  For business critical/cloud applications we continue to ramp the industry’s first 2.5 inch 500 GB drive and customer qualifications have been completed. Qualifications of our 3.5 inch 2 terabyte 7,200 RPM business critical products have been achieved at its selected OEMs and are also entering volume production.  As for our notebook products we proceeded with OEM qualifications and production ramps for our 320 GB per disc product as well as the industry’s first ultra thin 7 mm high notebook product with a number of qualifications complete.  Finally, in the desktop market we continue to focus on yields and output of our widely accepted 500 GB per disc product line. Additionally we have now started to ship our first 667 GB per disc 2 terabyte product into the retail market and will continue to increase production throughout this quarter.  Now I would like to make a few comments on technologies we are staging for future product generations. We continue to invest the appropriate resources and capital throughout the development and manufacturing infrastructure to insure that the technology and product leadership extends well beyond our current offerings. These investments are delivering results that give us increasing confidence in the extension of conventional perpendicular recording to sustain the aerial density growth rate for the next several product generations.  In addition, we continue to invest resources and capital towards technologies that will take us well beyond conventional perpendicular recording. Over the past several quarters we have made considerable progress in demonstrating recording capabilities with several advanced technologies. We believe this positions us well for future product integration. These demonstrations underpin a cost effective, magnetic recording solution that leverages our existing capital and is extendable for the next decade.  Finally I will make a few remarks on capital spending. It is important to note that our total capital investments supports our advancement of technology, production maintenance and increased supply. We believe our baseline capital spend is $450-550 million per year with no increase in drive output. We have aligned our current capital plans with industry analyst forecasts of a 650-670 million unit TAM for calendar year 2010 as well as customer demand for our high performance, high capacity product.  No significant share shifts are assumed in our planning assumptions. Therefore we have raised our fiscal 2010 capital spending to approximately $750 million which we believe maintains a fundamental balance of supply and demand given the mix of our products. Moving forward we will continue to evaluate business requirements and carefully raise or lower our capital investments to the appropriate levels.  In summary our operations and development teams remain focused on delivering time to market products, staging technologies for the future and increasing output and efficiencies throughout the supply chain.  Now I will turn the call over to Pat. 
Patrick O'Malley :  Thanks Bob. You will find the company’s press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate’s website at Seagate.com.  I will start with some comments regarding the fiscal Q2 results, then touch on the balance sheet and close with our March quarter outlook.  For the December quarter Seagate’s unit shipments were 49.9 million, up 8% compared to the prior quarter and up 36% compared to the year-ago quarter. Revenue for the quarter was $3.03 billion, up 14% from the previous quarter and up 33% year-over-year.  Gross margin for the December quarter expanded to 30.5%, an increase of roughly 600 basis points compared to the prior quarter due to a stable pricing environment reflecting tight industry supply, the shift of the company’s higher capacity, higher performing drives in the desktop and notebook markets and an increased demand for enterprise class products and improving factory efficiencies and utilization.  R&D and SG&A totaled $337 million for the December quarter essentially in line with our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. The cost of restoring salaries previously subject to the company wide salary reductions implemented last January and funding of performance based variable compensation plan are included in the December quarter’s results. The tax provision for the December quarter was a benefit of $6 million due to favorable adjustments due to favorable adjustments related to recent tax legislation changes and other tax adjustments. For the balance of fiscal year 2010 we are now using for planning purposes a tax rate of 3%.  Moving onto the balance sheet, at this time last year Seagate had a net debt position of approximately $1 billion. Conversely because of strong cash generation over the last six months the company now has a net cash position of approximately $200 million. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments totaled approximately $2.2 billion at the end of the December quarter, up $418 million as compared to the September quarter. Cash flow from operations was $753 million for the December quarter while free cash flow was $650 million.  The [match core] 6.8 convert reaches maturity in April of this year and we expect to use cash for approximately $80 million to retire this debt. Beyond the April maturity the next debt occurs in October of 2011 and currently has a principle amount of approximately $560 million. All of Seagate’s cash is fully accessible without meaningful tax implications to service our debt. Depreciation and amortization from the December quarter was $192 million including approximately $10 million of purchase intangibles amortization.  Now I would like to update the outlook for the March quarter. As we did last quarter we will first discuss the key assumptions on which we have based our outlook, the Variability surrounding Chinese New Year. Pricing trends will reflect the balanced supply and demand environment and Seagate will continue to lever time to market products.  Consequently for the March quarter the company expects the following: Industry unit TAM of 155-160 million. Revenue of approximately $2.9 to $3.1 billion. R&D and SG&A costs of approximately $340 million. Other income expense of a net expense of approximately $35 million. A tax rate for planning purposes of 3%. An outstanding share count of approximately 530 million and GAAP earnings per share of $0.88 to $0.92 which includes approximately $0.02 in charges related to purchase intangibles amortization expense.  It is important to note that the impact of modeling a 3% tax rate and a higher share count for the March quarter is approximately $0.06 per share when compared against the December quarter financial results. Based on results for the first six months combined with our view of the March quarter and beyond it is clear that our financial results for fiscal 2010 will greatly exceed the annual outlook we provided in October.  Given the current tightness of supply and how this may extend throughout the calendar year, we feel shareholders are better served by Seagate providing outlook for the June quarter at a later date when our customer base is sufficiently underpinned. The March quarter outlook does not include the impact of any potential new restructuring activities, future mergers, acquisitions, financing, dispositions or other business combinations the company may undertake. The company’s policy is to refrain from commenting on such activities.  That concludes my remarks for today. Steve? 
Stephen Luczo :  Thanks Pat. Entering calendar year 2010 we believe we are in a strong position from a product, technology and operations standpoint and we are very well positioned for the demand opportunities we expect throughout the remainder of the calendar year.  I want to thank our employees for their continued focus on achieving our goals. I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. We are ready to open up the call for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: I have two related questions if I could. Pat, based on the TAM you provided for March of 155-160 million could you talk a little bit about what the inventory assumption puts and takes are there? In other words are you assuming there is some replenishment from what I think is a fairly dry inventory situation throughout the channel? Or if you could just talk a little bit about the assumptions behind the TAM. 
William David Mosley :  Our visibility into our OEM customers and what not is limited to the hubs and we believe that product is getting pulled through fairly well. I don’t think there is an inventory replenishment consideration there. In the channel we are just under four weeks which is pretty typical for us. So I would say there may be some other backlog in smaller channels worldwide that bears watching especially earlier in the quarter here but we don’t see a big inventory imbalance. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: So in other words the same amount of inventory at the end of the March quarter so it really is demand you are talking about for 160? 
William David Mosley :  Yes. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: My follow-up question if I could, I want to try to understand as you are increasing your expectations for capital or CapEx you talked about the TAM being about 160 million units here in December, how is Seagate and how is the industry lining up for the second half of the calendar year in terms of increase in production units? How do you think the industry is shaping up for total CapEx as we look at the second half of calendar year 2010 please? 
William David Mosley :  We can’t really speak to the industry. For us, like I said, I think most of the industry analysts are coming in at you know 650-700 or maybe 650-670 as a tighter range on demand for drives throughout calendar year 2010. That clearly accelerates in the September and December quarter and obviously the industry has no ability today to achieve those types of TAMs in the September and December quarter. If you want to put numbers like 170 or 180 or whatever you have to get to the 650-670.  I think from Seagate’s perspective therefore we are trying to put capital to work that is consistent with that type of growth. I think the equation gets much tougher obviously because while we control a lot of our own destiny, more than any other drive company, there is obviously an upstream supply chain that has to address this as well and I think it is obviously tougher for some of the upstream supply chain companies to maybe put capital to work quite as quickly.  So we still believe throughout calendar year 2010 supply is going to be short of demand throughout the calendar year. We are going to have to work pretty hard to be lined up for September and December. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley. 
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: You commented on notebook and desktop trends for March but you do you have a view yet on how much of the strength in enterprise during the fourth quarter was budget flush or catch up from a slow first half versus the beginning of a longer hardware upgrade cycle that continues into March and June? 
Stephen Luczo :  I think it is hard to say just yet. I think clearly we now have two quarters of enterprise growth that have been pretty strong. We are still not at the historic levels of the mission critical enterprise TAM which I think was about 8.3 million units. Clearly in notebook and desktop and notebook we are above those levels at this point. Another data point is good. That says it is more than just a budget flush.  We expect that the March quarter is showing strength. Certainly I think the bigger point from our perspective and it kind of relates to the prior question is if you ask me do I think the demand for the 2010 calendar year enterprise is going to be substantially above 2009 the answer is yes and we believe that Seagate is going to be able to maintain or even perhaps grow share given our portfolio of products. 
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: So the growth in demand is clearly there it is just a matter of what seasonality looks like as we go? 
Stephen Luczo :  I think that is right. And clearly once the large system companies provide more clarity on what they see going on that is a better data point. Certainly the discussions we are having with them over the calendar year 2010 indicates strength over the calendar year. 
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: As a quick follow-up for Pat, last time you were running at this headcount OpEx was $26 million higher. Is the difference systemic changes you made during the downturn that carry into fiscal 2010 and 2011 so that we don’t see a big uptick in OpEx or is there some catch up spending to do? 
Patrick O'Malley :  No, I think all the catch up spending you see is now baked into our financials whether it is the restoration of salaries, whether it is the reinstatement of variable comp plan, that is all the in the $337 million so the savings above and beyond that is systemic. It is structurally taken out of the business. So if you see an OpEx increase hopefully it will align with where we need to make increased investments whether it is in research and development. We will continue to try and leverage our OpEx at this level with very tactical investments in that area. 
Stephen Luczo :  I would say if anything our management focus is continuing to get more leverage out of OpEx and continuing to work that number as tightly as we can. So we are not giving up on our OpEx either as a percentage of revenue or even the absolute dollar amount. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: I wanted to get a sense of what is going on with the gross margin number. Clearly a very impressive gross margin this quarter. I think it is the highest quarter you have ever had in terms of the gross margin and it looks like you are guiding to somewhere around 28.5% gross margin at the midpoint for the March quarter. Obviously December is higher than your long-term target range. I know you have said it would be higher going forward but how sustainable this year is sort of that 28.5% number? What are you thinking about in terms of calendar year 2010? Are we consistently in the 28-30% numbers throughout the calendar year as we have supply and demand imbalance? 
Patrick O'Malley :  Given the last caveat, you said all things being equal the answer is yes. But I think that is why we have indicated that even for the June quarter we want to get more data. We are lining up with customers through the calendar year now in terms of availability of supply. So we probably have better visibility than the company ever has, certainly in my two tenures. I think your basic assumptions are right.  In the March quarter obviously it is a function of as we said of some muted seasonality and some variability around Chinese New Year. To the prior question about how much acceleration is in enterprise and does that continue or is it muted. We are still sorting that all out but your general point is I think on target that we would expect to be above that range through the calendar year. 
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Is it fair to assume your utilization is relatively close to 100% at this point? 
Stephen Luczo :  That is a fair assumption. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Richard Kugele – Needham & Company. 
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: First, understanding the cash flow over the next six months relative to CapEx spend should we assume due to the lead times on equipment that perhaps it all falls into the fiscal fourth quarter? 
Patrick O'Malley :  I would say we start getting the supply base revved back up to support that. Obviously there is a staging effect. One, we have to bring the longer lead items in first which we started doing this first quarter. We saw a small step up in CapEx which would be your media and head components. As we get closer to September as Steve characterized the step up in your end demand we will bring on the last of the supply chain. So I would characterize over the next few quarters we would like to be at somewhat fairly linear over the next spread as opposed to one big jump to be ready for September. That is how we are planning to bring it more linear over the next two quarters. 
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Understanding when it comes to the desktop units many people had gone and expected that market to just continue to show sequential decline as notebook takes over. What do you see as the dynamic there? Do you just see a particular end markets that are just looking for the capacity? What do you expect over the next 12-18 months in that space as demand seems to be resurging? 
William David Mosley :  Quite a few dynamics. A couple of points. First, there are things like all in one computers which are quite compelling to high end consumers and are driving some demand. There is also from probably the biggest item is the fact that there continues to be a strong channel for replacement, refurbs and things like that and that is very robust out in the world as 3.5 based replacing desktop tower hard drives. Then I think the other dynamic is we believe there is an increasing number of 3.5 inch products going into custom systems. I could call them home [Navs] but that may be too sweeping a generality.  That dynamic we definitely see inside the channel as well so it is a compelling capacity for the value play to the end customer. That is usually via service to the channel. I think the other thing to keep in mind is there are the inklings of a commercial refresh. I wouldn’t say it has taken hold yet but we are definitely seeing that kind of strength in the commercial segments that speak to our interest. That is why 3.5 inch really hasn’t come down as hard as maybe what we foresaw or other industry analysts would have foreseen a couple of quarters ago. 
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: So if we get into the second half of the year and a corporate refresh actually does start to take place, do you see 3.5 inch actually being part of this industry tightness as well since so many had moved their production capabilities over to the 2.5 inch side? 
William David Mosley :  I think it will affect both [form factors]. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital. 
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital : Can you address the shortages out there in the marketplace with regard to glass, sub-straight in particular and anything else you may be seeing, maybe drivers, etc. and how you see those being alleviated throughout the year? 
Robert Whitmore :  I think the whole supply chain is kind of undergoing the same thing we are. Pretty much fully utilized. We see that in the finished media area as well as glass sub straight that has been fully utilized for the past several quarters. So we have been working with our supply base and I think they are cautiously adding equipment and capital at the same rate we are. We expect to see some relief sometime this calendar year but we do expect it to be constrained throughout the whole year. 
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital : So even into the very end of the calendar year there will be a shortage situation? 
Robert Whitmore :  I think it will be tight. I think people will start to put on capital in the middle of the year and it will ramp throughout the second half of the calendar year but media is definitely top of the list in terms of concerns. 
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital :   In terms of your segments, enterprise, desktop and all four of them, what is looking the firmest sequentially as we head into the March quarter and what are the sequential trends by segment that potentially could impact the mix as well? 
Stephen Luczo :  I kind of already went through the specific numbers and what we thought was flat like desktop or what we thought might be down sequentially a little bit. Notebook keep in mind the 2.5 inch market is where some of the gaming devices come from so there will be some supply that doesn’t have to go towards that space in fiscal Q3 that did in Q2. I think we are foreseeing fairly flat TAMs across the boundary here and tight supply chain as well. That is our view of it right now. 
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital : Is there any chance enterprise is up sequentially or is it looking pretty flat as well? 
Stephen Luczo :  It looks fairly flat. There is a chance it is up a little bit and I think we will continue to watch some of the server and storage shipments that are coming out in the first few weeks. It will be up small single digits though. Traditionally this quarter is seasonally a little down. I think even if it is flat that is atypical. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Can you maybe talk a little more qualitatively in terms of the gross margin profile? How should we think about the incremental in terms of what was the portion to Seagate’s own internal improvement in the design platform, materials versus pricing versus mix? I am trying to get a sense of what can really be sustained beyond the midterm in terms of the cycle. 
Patrick O'Malley :  I think you hit all the three key elements. They were all there. I think the one element that Seagate really controlled our own destiny on that was our product portfolio. We were clearly able to mix up, and we were clearly able to take more than our fair share of higher capacity, higher value products. So if you look at the normal distribution curve Seagate with the portfolio was able to benefit from going in there and getting that select mix to support our customer needs. That was across all segments and all markets whether it is notebook, enterprise or desktop. We were able to do that across the board. 
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Can you talk is that related to any one or more participants that are maybe hampered by their own execution issues, integration issues where they are kind of leaving money on the table right now? 
William David Mosley :  I think there are a few dynamics going on. If you talk about capacity the 1 terabyte capacity point for example it has become very compelling in consumer systems so that draws people to that relative higher capacity. I think performance in some of the notebook systems we are starting to see some compelling notebook performance metrics as well. I think there are a lot of dynamics that are causing these products to be successful and I think those trends will continue as well. 
Stephen Luczo :  What I think it is it is really our portfolio that they are picking from. So how others are doing I guess I could worry about but we are more worried about what we are doing and so hopefully working with our customers and hitting the products they want with our portfolio. 
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Debt service, given the high quality problem right now in having a very high gross margin above your target range and cash flow I presume to improve despite some of the CapEx increases discussed earlier, how should investors think about an accelerated debt service plan or maybe even a return of share repurchase activity?
Stephen Luczo :  Obviously gathering cash in this period of time is not the worst thing and trying to recapture some of the debt out in the market may be difficult. So obviously holding a sort of virtual sinking fund would cover the debt maturities we have talked about. About $650 million in debt maturities coming through September 2011. So we first have that foremost and we will certainly want to have cash for that. As cash increases above and beyond that we are always looking at the capital structure and how to best serve our shareholders whether it is through repurchase or dividend. That is really not top of mind right now. Ours is generating the cash first and focusing on making sure our debt structure can be supported by $1.5 billion. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bill Fearnley – FTN Capital. 
Bill Fearnley – FTN Capital: In the notebook segment can you provide more color on what you are seeing in the notebook/netbook segment? You had a strong quarter but any changes in product mix here with the addition of the new thin and light notebooks that are starting shipping from the OEMs?
William David Mosley :  Not yet. I think the thin and light systems will mature over the course of this calendar year. Not significant there. I would say as we talk about the mix to higher capacities and higher performance that is more compelling at the higher price points in the notebook space right now and I think gaining some traction there. My take right now is the netbooks terminology is actually going by the wayside now. Everybody is just looking at the notebook space again in the price points below $500. Does that make sense? 
Bill Fearnley – FTN Capital: When you look at server and storage upgrades and you take a look at what the OEMs are saying about the enterprise, is it an expansion of existing capacity? Is it new projects or is it both you are seeing in the enterprise? 
William David Mosley :  That is interesting. The answer to your questions is yes. The servers are expanding and getting faster and I think some of the enterprise customers are starting to provide some really compelling server features that are forcing the refresh there for IT efficiency. On the storage side it is more capacity online and more capacity utilized as well inside the system. So all of those trends are playing well inside the storage space. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Bailey – Goldman Sachs. 
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Given some of the capacity constraints you are seeing up and down the supply chain what are you seeing from a component pricing trend versus normal? 
Patrick O'Malley :  I think there is more pressure on the pricing for sure. We expect to be able to have cost refreshes and take downs to stay constant with that but certainly we will put some pricing pressure back onto the components. 
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Is your sense that there was unmet demand in the December quarter and will you be able to catch up in the March quarter if there was? 
William David Mosley :  My sense is there was unmet demand. If you recall, Steve talked a quarter ago about the TAM being about 160 million and that is about what the industry could build. Indeed the TAM was 160 million. My sense is there was some backlog carried into this quarter. Like I said I don’t know how fast that will be replenished so I think we are going to have to watch very carefully and see especially early on in this quarter and kind of get a feel for that. I don’t expect that it will be very much right now but we will continue to watch it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rob Cihra – Caris & Company. 
Rob Cihra – Caris & Company: I know you don’t want to talk about the June quarter but if I could ask a question market wise if you look back historically it is typically the softest sort of supply and demand dynamic in the year particularly after a better than normal March quarter. I am curious with things going this well how do you prepare for that even if it is sort of a hiccup quarter to make sure you try and keep stable and maintain pricing and maintain the supply/demand dynamic as much as possible knowing that quarter is often a sore spot. I am curious what you can do as a company specifically. 
Stephen Luczo :  I think it ties together with some of the questions you heard about capital investment. As we have talked about we like to have some of the capital linear to get ready for that potential up ramp in September. So you have really two dynamics that could positively affect you. One, as you have talked about we have a refresh cycle that gets done, an inventory refresh in March or carried in June. That is one element. The second element of it is you are going to have to maybe carry some inventory into the September quarter as you build up and install your capacity base so you have that capacity and support online.  So depending on how well you bring that capital in or how it could be provided the industry may have to carry some inventory out in the June quarter. 
William David Mosley :  Or conversely more and more some of the customer dialogue we are having is that the customer may carry that inventory to make sure they have it going into the back half of the year because they are worried about availability of supply as well. So that may actually talk to a different dynamic in the June quarter of actual sell out into customers preparing for the back half of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: First on ASP into the March quarter should we expect that to be about flattish at 61 or maybe down a dollar? 
Patrick O'Malley :  [inaudible] where your margin will be down a bit. I think your models are correct with it being down. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: A question on capacity points, when should we expect to see notebook 1 terabyte, desktop 4 terabyte? Is that second half of calendar 2010? How important are those capacity points to profitability? 
William David Mosley :  It is not second half of calendar 2010 for those capacity points. I think not really relevant to calendar year 2010. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Does that matter much for profitability? The kind of new…
William David Mosley :  Not in current models. No. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Stephen Fox – CLSA. 
Stephen Fox – CLSA: Just a clarification on pricing, if you look at like for like pricing are we talking about flattish pricing continuing throughout this calendar year or would you expect to see a return to more normalized pricing maybe at least in the June quarter? Then secondly, if you continue to underestimate demand maybe in the back half of the year what is the opportunity to meet that demand through improved deals and throughput? 
Stephen Luczo :  I will tag team on the first one and hand it to Bob on the deal improvements and your second question. Obviously on the pricing environment with the technology portfolio leadership we certainly have some leverage on that where we could provide value but as long as the supply/demand stays in relative imbalance whether you call it flat or benign pricing should be maintained whether it is the March quarter or the June quarter. 
Robert Whitmore :  Could you repeat the second part of your question? 
Stephen Fox – CLSA: Just curious, obviously it is hard to predict what type of cycle we are in right now. If you are underestimating demand for the second half of the calendar year relative to your capital right now is there an opportunity to still meet some of that through better yields and throughput or is that something that is going to take longer? 
Robert Whitmore :  We are driving yields up all the time and it is part of our plan to do that. 
Stephen Luczo :  But you probably don’t have the upstream supply chain to make it all work. I think if the demand profile is above the 650-670 range it is going to be really difficult for the industry to respond to that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan. 
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan: Can you give us an update on solid state drives? How many units you have shipped so far or when you can come up with [SAS assistee]? Then what are your expectations for the calendar year? 
Stephen Luczo :  I won’t speak specifically but what I will say is this, the early samples that we have shipped out have been very well received. Pleasantly surprised I would say relative to the tradeoffs we have made in reliability, performance, cost and capacity. Of course you know about the right endurance challenges that these drives have. I think we are engineering with that in mind foremost to make sure it meets enterprise reliability grades.  The SAS offerings will be later this year. I think we will continue to develop exactly what the customer’s need timing wise and need for launching their systems. So that is what we are really focused on right now.   
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan: And your revenue expectations for this calendar year? 
Patrick O'Malley :  Very small. We won’t give the revenue expectations but it is still a ascent market. Very much so. 
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan: Can you talk about the pricing environment in the enterprise segment? When you talk to OEMs are you seeing them putting more pressure as entering the enterprise segment? 
William David Mosley :  I think we believe that we have a very broad portfolio of course and I think we have the right offerings for the customer right now. Obviously we talk about what the customers need in order to hit their goals as well all the time. So with the breadth of our portfolio it is really the way we address the market. I won’t speak specifically…
Stephen Luczo :  Our OEMs are always very tough to negotiate with on the price side. That hasn’t changed. We respond to that by having a very broad portfolio which allows us to create value for our company by the broadness of our portfolio which no other company really has and we don’t expect will have for a number of years. They are tough negotiations but I would caveat that again though in the current supply/demand situation most of our large OEM customers are highly focused on availability of supply particularly with our product leadership across the portfolio but especially in the enterprise space. So the discussions clearly have focused on ability of supply and obviously we meet the cost targets they need to drive the revenues they are trying to achieve as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: I believe you made a comment in the prepared remarks there was still room for operational improvement going forward. I am wondering where that might occur and if we might expect to see it at the gross margin line, OpEx, leverage, how it might show up. 
Stephen Luczo :  I think in both spots. I think we executed well in the quarter and we have a nice portfolio but the reality is we are kind of running at stride now and the question is how do you extend that. Whether or not it is as you say OpEx leverage or improving yields faster in the factory. There is obviously we are concerned about meeting demand. So yielding increases at the component level or the factor level, getting better test times, all that stuff results in us being able to meet customer demand that is in excess of supply right now which we have margin impact as well as obviously operating ratio impact. We believe there is definitely improvement in front of us and that is what we are off to do. 
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Where do you view the next significant capacity point battleground? The enterprise, desktop, notebook? I guess with the timing of those do you expect them to be and I guess how do you see yourselves in light of what is going on in the server extended marketplace to be? 
Stephen Luczo :  I’m not sure I understand the question. 
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Where do you see and when do you see the next significant capacity battleground taking place? What do you see those capacity points as being? 
William David Mosley :  Like Bob went through in his section we have in enterprise we just launched two new 600 GB products, one 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch, 10,000 RPM and 15,000 RPM respectively that will be ramping throughout the rest of this calendar year. I think that will be the focus item for the enterprise market. In desktop 1 terabyte and 500 GB will continue to be really strong I think throughout the rest of the year. Then Bob talked about the 2 terabyte products that we are ramping right now. Specifically for business critical applications or cloud applications and also a desktop version of that which is really the next generation capacity point that he mentioned.  Then in the notebook we see strength at 320 GB and 500 GB. I don’t think that is going to markedly change. It might shift a little bit between one and the other but I don’t think maybe to one of the earlier questions I don’t think it will go significantly north of that in calendar year 2010. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets : I had a question I think at 50 million units right now you are probably running at full capacity. How high will you be able to ramp the unit production number as you add on about $750 million of CapEx in fiscal 2010? 
Patrick O'Malley :  I think what we said is it is highly dependent on mix. We expect the TAMs for the year to go up by 15-20%. Our share is going to be constant. So we think we ought to be able to meet that TAM increase. That is what we are planning for. 
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets : What would the trigger be to add capacity beyond that to possibly gain more market share or target incremental demand that may come up in the back half of the year. Would you need to [audio break] in March? 
Stephen Luczo :  I don’t think we would put any capacity in place to assume taking market share unless there was a product leadership that made that obvious or a strategic relationship where we were actually lining up capital for specific customers. Again, I think we are looking at the industry outlooks and matching our supply to that. Those outlooks basically are very compatible with the customer input we are getting in terms of what the rest of the year looks like. If there was obviously a delta between that and what we are seeing one direction or the other then we are obviously going to obviously either lower or increase capital but it is going to be in response to customer requirements for sure. 
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets : It sounds like most of the incremental capacity will come live in the end of June or early September quarter timeline. Is that fair? 
William David Mosley :  It will be throughout the calendar year really. 
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets : Inventory was up a little at 3.5-4% sequentially. Was there anything specific that drove that? 
Patrick O'Malley :  No it was just booking into our supply chain with our customers. We are very happy with the terms [of 13] and lining up to what the January supply and we felt that was the appropriate level to carry. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Group. 
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Group: You mentioned earlier some of the OEM customers going into the second half could be slightly cautious and fearful about securing enough product for demand. Should we assume you are starting strategic relationships or discussions with those OEMs or was that just a point suggesting that possibly that may occur in June? 
Stephen Luczo :  I would hate to endorse a word like fearful. I would hate to think our customers were going to fear us. Like I said last quarter or even the quarter before. Whenever there is supply/demand imbalance the drive industry really becomes strategic. I think there is something much more fundamental going on here which is with the economic downturn and the reduction that people saw across most every product area in the world, the demand for storage continued to accelerate in terms of capacity and number of units to the tune where 2009 was 100 million units greater than people thought at the beginning of the year. So one I think what people recognize is the demand for compute and the demand for storage in particular is pretty fundamental and I think that has people rethinking their outlook going forward.  Secondly I do think people are realizing that the entire supply chain as it relates to drives has changed dramatically over the last 4-5 years. The companies that obviously have large R&D budgets and the ability to invest in capital and capital equipment that drives R&D and production have scale advantage. I think we are seeing that. I think our customers see that. Then yes, we do have discussions that certainly extend several quarters out about availability of supply. I think it is a fundamental change that our customers are understanding. I don’t think they are afraid of it. I think it is just a new world they are planning to and it obviously helps us in terms of capacity adds and technology roadmaps and things like that. I guess I do believe it is more of a partnership going forward in terms of certainly the very large computer companies. 
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Group: It appears given the consolidation and the less number of suppliers and the expansion of storage in particular hard drives above and beyond just selling into PCs that there seems to be some structural change going on within the industry. Is that fair to say? I don’t want to put words in your mouth. 
Stephen Luczo :  I think there is structural change that has been going on for 20 years. Consolidation I think has an implication of a lot of proactive activity. I guess I call it rationalization or that the industry is clearly always laying supply and demand, adequacy of investment and technology leadership wins. I think we are seeing that. I think the second point is probably the even more relevant one and that is the application space has changed so dramatically over the last 20 years. Again this didn’t just happen last week. The compute environment has gone from a glass room to kids with little things in their hands that have 16 or 32 gigs of storage that gets probably backed up three different ways on disc drives.  I think the application set has changed dramatically in both commercial and consumer environments and I think clearly the entire supply chain has changed. Then the technology is getting harder. So if you don’t have big resources to put in advancing the technology you are not going to stay in business. I think that is what has happened and gets termed as consolidation.  Thanks everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
Operator:  Thank you for joining the call today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  William David Mosley - Executive Vice President - Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management  Robert W. Whitmore - Executive Vice President - Product and Process Development, Chief Technical Officer  Patrick J. O'Malley - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley Richard Kugele – Needham & Company David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co. Scott Craig - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Aaron Sharma – UBS Kevin Hunt - Unidentified Company Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Seagate Technology's fiscal first quarter financial results conference call. (Operator's Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. This conference call forward looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the company’s future financial performance. These forward looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statement is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2009. These forward looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Whitmore our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations, and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales and Product Line Management.  The strong operational and development performance for our fiscal first quarter returned us to profitability ahead of schedule. The results exceeded our expectations at the beginning of the quarter and were positive relative to what we outlined in our preannouncement on September 22nd. Throughout the quarter we experienced improving demand across our end markets, despite a macroeconomic environment that remains challenging.  We believe that our strong operating and financial results reflect our continued focus on operational excellence and reestablishing our time to market leadership and key product offerings. We remain focused on leading in technology and manufacturing and optimizing our broad product portfolio for profitability. As we've discussed previously, our market strategy is to pursue quality of share, optimizing the product portfolio and manufacturing capacity for profitability and return on invested capital as opposed to simply pursuing unit volume share. We achieved revenue of $2.66 billion which is at the high end of our revised expectations for the quarter and we more than doubled our net income year over year, despite the difficult economic conditions. We are also pleased with our operating cash flow of $278 million during the quarter and with reducing our debt by $685 million during the fiscal year. We achieved gross margin of 24.5% as we successfully transitioned to our new products in the notebook and desktop markets and realized efficient capacity utilization throughout our manufacturing infrastructure. Importantly, we were able to achieve this margin even though the mission critical enterprise space has not returned to historical levels. For reference, mission critical enterprise drive shipments for the industry were 24.9 million units for the first nine months of calendar 2008 versus 18.2 million units for the same period of calendar 2009. We are expecting this market to gradually improve in a December quarter, however, we are prepared from a product offering, capacity planning, and supply chain perspective to respond to more meaningful growth if necessary.  Additionally, while not included in our TAM outlook or longer-term planning as of now, we believe that the Windows 7 transition is increasingly likely to result in a replacement cycle that has the potential to accelerate growth for PCs in calendar year 2010. In light of the overall demand for storage over the last few quarters, the disk drive industry appears to be more resilient to the current macroeconomic slowdown than many others impacted by the global downturn. As such, looking ahead, we estimate the TAM for the December quarter to be between 153-160 million units. Should the TAM reach the high end of this range or beyond, we believe it may be difficult for the industry to fully respond to these demand levels due to potential component constraints.  During the last three fiscal years, Seagate has invested $2.5 billion of capital throughout its manufacturing and development infrastructure, over two thirds of which was investing heads in media capacity and technology.  These investments in our key underlying technologies have allowed Seagate to meet increases in customer demand in the near term with relatively low additional capital investment. Given our breadth of product offerings and customer relationships, we have unique visibility to this demand which we view as a competitive advantage as it relates to future products, capacity, and capital investment. While we anticipate making capacity additions thoughtfully in the coming quarters, our objective remains to maintain a balance of supply and demand while optimizing our production volumes and product mix to meet customer needs.  With that let me turn the call over to Dave to discuss specific market dynamics in fiscal Q1 and going into fiscal Q2.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Steve. Entering our first fiscal quarter for 2010, we saw a strong overall demand for storage and that trend continued throughout the September quarter. We executed well to our strategy of focusing on quality of share by leveraging the improved cost structure of our broad optimized product portfolio. This resulted in strong performance across all of our product lines and sales channels. Seagate shipped 46.3 million units during the quarter, representing 14% sequential growth. We believe the overall industry shipped 153 million units. During the quarter, customers continue to transition to our newer, more cost effective, and higher capacity products, and we tactically responded to customer upsides. Additionally, supply and demand were relatively in balance which resulted in a stable price environment. These factors combined with a higher than expected unit demand drove continued margin improvement.  Now I'll give some detail on the individual markets. In the Mission-Critical space, the TAM for the September quarter was approximately 6.7 million units, up 13% quarter over quarter and down 19% year over year. Seagate shipped 4 million drives for Mission-Critical server and storage products during the quarter maintaining its leading share position. This represents a healthy increase from fiscal Q4 to Q1, but it's still markedly lower than the 5.2 million units Seagate shipped in the year ago quarter. As such, we believe there is still opportunity for growth in this market should a refresh occur, and expect that with our leading Mission-Critical product line, we will benefit from this growth. For the December quarter, we expect the demand for Mission-Critical drives to be up seasonally.  Seagate's SSD program is progressing on schedule. We began production in shipped revenue units in September and customer response has been very favorable. To meet customer requirements, the initial product in Seagate's SSD portfolio is targeted at the broad volume server market and has a SATA interface. We are actively engaged with our enterprise customers and are developing additional products with the entire spectrum of interfaces and performance options required to fully serve this market.  Our product development plan enables us to emphasize endurance, reliability, and performance for SSDs at the same level of enterprise expertise customers have come to expect from Seagate. The TAM in the desktop market for the September quarter was approximately 58.4 million units, up 7% sequentially. We believe we maintained our leadership position in this market, shipping 23.3 million units up 6% from the June quarter. We continued to see strong demand for our 500 GB per disk Barracuda drives where we shipped over 14.5 million units. Additionally during the quarter we launched the industry's first 6GB/second SATA desktop hard drive Barracuda XT, which is designed for high performance PC gaming and video applications. For the December quarter we expect the desktop TAM to be flat to slightly up sequentially. In the mobile compute space, the overall TAM was approximately 70.6 million units in the September quarter, up 28% sequentially and 32% year over year. Seagate shipped 13.9 million units, an increase of 22% sequentially and 41% from the year ago quarter. During the quarter we benefited from our leadership position and execution in delivering 250 GB per disk products and 7,200 RPM products. The customer base for our 2.5 inch mobile drives continues to expand as the system price bands have broadened throughout the netbook and notebook markets. We expect the TAM in the mobile compute space for the December quarter to be up sequentially. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on our operations and product development.
Robert W. Whitmore: Thanks, Dave. This afternoon I will provide a brief update on products and operation. For the past three quarters I've primarily focused my comments on new product, time to market, and the acceleration of our product transitions. In addition to providing a product update, today I will also comment on operational performance regarding supply, factory utilization, and capital investments. We continue to make steady progress in the area of new product execution and product transitions. Our desktop 500 GB per disk and notebook 250 GB per disk product line transitions are complete, fully ramped within our factories, and well accepted by our customers. As for the new enterprise products, our industry first 500 GB 2.5 inch Nearline product and 600 GB 3.5 inch 10,000 RPM product lines are fully qualified and ramping within the qualified. Our 600 GB 3.5 inch 15,000 RPM product line will be largely qualified by the end of the quarter with many OEM customers qualified and in volume production today. Overall product transition execution is going well and will remain a high priority. In regards to our new product introductions, we continue to focus on time to market across the portfolio. As stated last quarter, we delivered our 2.5 inch two disk 640 GB product to our retail partners. This quarter we are focused on qualifications with our OEM customers and increasing the factory output. We also began shipping our 1 TB 2.5 inch retail product and will continue to increase volumes this quarter.  Finally, we have now started the qualification process of the industry's first 2.5 inch 7 mm high hard disk drive. This new slimline product allows our OEM customers to continue to reduce the thickness and weight of their notebook platforms. Seagate is committed to supporting our customers with the fullest range of form factors, spin speeds, and interfaces, and as a result remains the storage supplier of choice. In summary, we believe that we have made significant progress in the last three quarters with regards to new product, time to market delivery, product line transitions, and factory deployment. These efforts have had a positive impact on our growth margins and will remain the highest priority for the team in the coming quarters. Now I'll give some details as it relates to operations. As was mentioned earlier over the last three years, Seagate has invested $2.5 billion of capital throughout its manufacturing and development infrastructure. These investments have allowed us to upgrade our internal component tool capabilities to the latest generation of technology and positioned us well for future technology and product transitions. As a result of this industry leading capital investment, the company has been able to respond to the increasing unit demand since January while minimizing additional capital investment. The volume increases of our new time to market products combined with an improving demand environment for hard disk drives has increased our factory utilization to very high levels and provided meaningful scale and leverage throughout the internal supply chain. As we move forward, we'll continue to work closely with our customers and make the appropriate capital investments. In light of the robust demand for HDDs over the last nine months, and the increasing likelihood of a gradual macroeconomic recovery, we're in the process of evaluating our capital investment levels for calendar year 2010. With respect to the overall supply chain, we believe we are well positioned to meet the near term demand. However, similar to our manufacturing capacity, we are monitoring this closely and working with our suppliers in order to appropriately support any increased demand. In August we announced plans to close our AMK factory in Singapore and move the hard disk drive manufacturing operations to other Seagate locations. This action is one part of an overall strategy intended to enhance flexibility within our factories, improve manufacturing leverage, and reduce our overall cost structure. The annual run rate savings of approximately $40 million is expected to be achieved when the transition is completed at the end of calendar 2010. In summary, the results of the September quarter demonstrate the powerful impact on our financial results from product and technology leadership and optimized manufacturing structure, and a flexible supply chain.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Pat O'Malley.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Thanks, Bob. You'll find the company’s press release, 8-K, and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance and other supplemental information in the investor relations section website at seagate.com. I'll start with some comments regarding the fiscal Q results, then touch on the balance sheet, and close with additional commentary regarding our outlook. For the September quarter, Seagate's unit shipments were 46.3 million, up 14% compared to the prior quarter and down 4% compared to the year ago quarter. Revenue for the quarter was $2.66 billion, up 13% from the previous quarter and down 12% year over year.  Gross margin for the September quarter expanded to 24.5%, an increase of roughly 700 basis points compared to the prior quarter to the continued transition to new products, improving product mix, and improving factory efficiencies and utilization. R&D and SG&A totalled $314 million for September quarter. Favorability due to R&D materials spending moving into future quarters was essentially offset by charges associated with the partial restitution of salaries previously subject to the companywide salary reductions implemented last January and the cost of performance based variable compensation plan. During the September quarter we recorded $46 million of restructuring charges that relate to the closing of the AMK facility in Singapore and to the global reductions we initiated during fiscal year 2009. Additionally, we wrote down $64 million of research related fixed assets this quarter. This charge is reflected on the income statement line item impaired of long-lived assets.  The tax provision for September quarter was $1 million better than expected due to favorable adjustments related to the company's valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and other tax adjustments. As these adjustments are nonrecurring, we continue to use a tax rate of 6% for planning purposes. Because the company was profitable on a GAAP basis for the September quarter, outstanding options that are in the money are now included in the diluted share calculation which accounts for the majority of the diluted share account increase as compared to the last quarter. Going forward, the diluted share count will vary somewhat based on the number of stock options in the money which is determined by the average price of the stock for the quarter. Now I'd like to address the balance sheet. Since the beginning of our fiscal year, including activity up through October 19th, we have reduced debt by approximately $685 million. The debt reduction was comprised mainly of $300 million paid to retire the senior unsecured floating rate notes at maturity and $350 million to pay off our revolving credit facility. We have made significant progress in regards to our capital structure as our net debt position is now less than half of what it was at the beginning of the calendar year. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short term investments at the end of the quarter totalled approximately $1.8 billion, down $257 million from the previous quarter due primarily to the debt reduction activities I just mentioned offset by cash generated from operations. Cash flow from operations was $278 million for the quarter while free cash flow was $189 million. The company paid approximately $107 million in cash restructuring and interest during the September quarter. Depreciation and amortization for the September quarter was $204 million, including approximately $10 million of purchase intangibles amortization. Cash conversion metrics were as follows; days sales outstanding was 42, days payable outstanding was 75, and days inventory outstanding was 28, for a cash conversion cycle of -5 days. Looking forward if shipments remain fairly linear during the quarter, we'd expect a cash conversion cycle to be around zero days.  Now I will address the business outlook for the December quarter. While visibility has improved throughout the calendar year, the ongoing uncertainty in global economic conditions makes it difficult to predict product demand and other related matters, which makes items more likely that Seagate's actual results could differ materially from current expectations.  Specifically for the December quarter, the company expects the following; revenue to be approximately $2.75-$2.85 billion, gross margin for the December quarter to be near the high end of the new target range of 22%-26%, R&D and SG&A costs to be approximately $335 million, higher than what we expected at the beginning of the calendar year. The bulk of the increase is a direct result of the company returning to profitability. As such, we are addressing salaries and variable compensation sooner than we expected.  We believe opportunities still exist to improve efficiencies in our operating expense structure that will, over time somewhat offset the cost of restoring salaries and variable compensation.  Other income expense to be a net expense of approximately $35 million, a tax rate for planning purposes of 6%, and an outstanding share count of approximately $520 million. The December quarter outlook does not include the impact of any potential new restructuring activities, future mergers, acquisitions, financing, dispositions or other business combinations the company may undertake. The company's policy is to refrain from commenting on any such activities. Now I would like to provide an outlook for fiscal year 2010. We felt it was time to update our view of the longer-term financial model in light of the progress the company has made since the beginning of the calendar year. Some examples of this progress are evident in our improved time to market delivery of products, our significantly lower cost structures, and our improved decision making processes.  Before I review the financial outlook, it is important to understand some of the critical assumptions on which we have based our fiscal year 2010 modeling, and then I will provide a perspective on how these will reflect on Seagate's financial results.  The fiscal year 2010 financial model is based on the following key assumptions; the unit TAM will grow roughly 10%-15% over fiscal year 2009, there will be a return to as seasonal pattern in demand, pricing trends will reflect a balance supply and demand environment, and Seagate will continue to deliver time to market products. With these key assumptions, we believe that fiscal year 2010 revenue will be greater than $10.5 billion while diluted GAAP earnings per share would be in excess of $1.90 which includes approximately $155 million or $0.30 per share of restructuring costs, asset write downs, and amortization of purchase intangibles. Inherent in any long-term financial modeling is the potential of significant variability in the outcomes due to unforeseen changes in demand and pricing environment. Specifically, while we are not expecting another large scale global economic slowdown, neither have we factored in corporate refresher PCs or a rapid recovery in the Mission-Critical market for hard drives. The point is there are many factors, both positive and negative, that could cause our fiscal year 2010 results to deviate from this model. We look forward to updating you on these factors as the fiscal year progresses.  That concludes my remarks for today. Steve? Steve: Thanks, Pat. We're continuing to make progress on a number of fronts and I want to thank our employees around the world for their continued focus towards achieving our goals. I'd also like to thank our customers, suppliers, and partners, for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. With that we're ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And our first question will be from the line of Kathryn Huberty.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley:  Yes. Thanks, good afternoon. A question on the guidance for the December quarter. If we look at the fundamental sin the industry, HDD inventory is at least two year loads, PC inventory is very low heading into the Windows 7 launch on Thursday. And on top of that we have improving command in both the consumer and enterprise markets. So I guess if you can take those fundamentals and compare it to the guidance which is suggesting that units grow at less than normal seasonality in December.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Let me take that, this is Pat. Number one, as we talked about the TAM, we believe at a certain level — that over 160 there may be supply constraints. I think the industry will work its best to hit any upside that may occur there, but also given the linearity and the needs of our OEMs and distributors throughout the quarter, going over 160 million may be a challenge. So I think what you are getting there is a big of an industry, and maybe Seagate at a certain level constraint, that may not be able to respond to all actions.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. And I think the other thing is that from a planning perspective, I think the industry obviously is pretty cognizant of what happened a year ago December. So speaking about seasonality of December quarter versus September quarter and December quarter to March quarter I think hopefully is something we can return to. I guess we'll learn this year whether or not we can, but obviously last December things looked great up until the first week of December and then with the slowdown that really occurred in many other sectors that started six or seven months before that. It really impacted the technology industry late in the quarter.  So I think we also have to be cognizant of that and plan conservatively in case the summer isn't a three month quarter. If it is then I would say your comments are more accurate and then there's the question of whether or not the industry can respond to that. A lot of that will have will have to do with linearity and pulls through the quarter so we're obviously keeping a close eye on it.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: Let me ask a more specific question. OEM mix is back to peak levels in the quarter. What's your view as to whether OEMs pulled forward seasonal demand as they built product ahead of Windows 7? Do you think there was pull forward or do you think the inventory levels have been managed appropriately?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the inventory levels are managed appropriately. We have visibility to our jet hubs, but we have no indications that there is buildup of demand at the OEMs.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just lastly, is glass supply still the biggest constraint for the industry, and have you or others brought on additional suppliers to fix that?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, we wouldn't talk to our specific supply strategy, but from a glass perspective, we feel comfortable with our supplies.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: Okay great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Richard Kugele from Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company:  Thank you. Good afternoon. Two questions, I guess first in terms of capacity additions, you seemed to pose to run effectively fully utilized in the December quarter, and if you kind of look at the PC industry, analysts forecasts, they're suggesting something in the low double-digit range for calendar 2010. Traditionally drives have been a couple of points higher than that. So if we think about your ability to expand capacity in a timely fashion to hit that number, when do you have to make those decisions and what's kind of the drop-dead date to actually have it be meaningful for the year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. A gain, Rich, what I was trying to point out in my comments, given our position in the industry and the breadth of our product portfolio and the breadth of our customer mix, we actually think that's highly competitive in information. So I don't think we can give you a whole lot more guidance other than, as you point out, if the industry grows at double digit rates for 2010 relative to what we've told you about where we're at now and where we think the industry is out, it would mean deploying capital prudently, and deepening on lead times that could occur early in the year and throughout the year.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay. Then I guess just lastly from a much more recent quarter balance sheet perspective, virtually every category of your inventory from a raw material perspective and a finished goods perspective is dramatically less than it's been over the past couple of years.  How were you able to really do that to be able to hit the kind of unit numbers you've been able to do, is your supply chain just a little bit more streamlined or are you just effectively managing your factories that much better to have, in some cases, a 50% reduction? It was a pretty material number, that's why I asked.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think there's a few things. I mean, one is we've spoken to linearity so the customer linearity has been significantly different than any time in the 20 years I've been in the industry and I think we talked to this a couple of quarters ago that maybe one of the good things that came out of the pulling out of so much credit is that companies aren't tearing as much inventory and they're ordering products sooner in and flowing revenue more evenly throughout a quarter, which of course if you're a high volume manufacturer it makes a big difference. I think second thing is with respect to Seagate relative to where we're at in the beginning of the year versus now is just the mix of products that was in the factories. It was a pretty complicated mix with several variations and generations earlier in the year and because of the success of the new products we've basically been able to transition to a much narrower set, if you will, in both the notebook and desktop segment as well as the new enterprise class products. So our factories are running, I would say a lot more efficiently because the product set is a lot less complicated.  And then thirdly, yeah, I do think we have excellent relationships in the supply chain. Obviously some of those are internally controlled and some of those are significant external relationships that we've had and we've continued to, I think, improve in that front.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay. Actually I have one last question. When it comes to the fiscal 2010 guidance, just a clarification, you are saying that the $2.20, that does not include the rapid recovery and enterprise or a corporate refresh of PCs.
William David Mosley: That's correct.
Stephen J. Luczo: That's correct.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Bailey from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much. Could you let us know what you think the most important drivers of growth margin are at this point and how should we think about the plusses and minuses to gross margin as we move into sort of the margin June quarter?
Patrick J. O'Malley: Well, obviously the product mix of the old and new is the key driver. It has been the key driver since we've been shedding the old products to the new starting with the lull of March and continuing. We wound up well over 80% of the new products, so obviously that leverage is getting diminished as we go to 100%, but it's certainly been a key driver. The element that can't be discounted is the overall TAM which is, as Steve talked about, not just our factories being more efficient with the products, but they're being highly utilized. So our factories are probably at the highest level of utilization.  So if you look what are going to be the drives in the future, obviously we haven't talked about an enterprise. We still have opportunities in yields in these new products that will be driving us into next quarter and beyond, some of the new enterprise products that will be in issue, and just the normal cost reduction. So we still feel there's tailwind into the margin structure, but obviously we've captured a lot of that, we captured it earlier, and it's been primarily to the products and where the factories are. So I think that's how we would look at it going forward. And as I characterized it, there is an enterprise refresh, PC refresh, obviously there's some opportunity there, but we're not planning on that right now.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then when you look at your debt levels, are you comfortable where you are right now or is there more work still to be done? And maybe more broadly, what are your priorities for your cash next year?
Patrick J. O'Malley: So I think we're comfortable with the debt level where it is. I mean, obviously reducing the debt where we have in addition to generating the cash and seeing what the company can do in terms of cash generation certainly gives us a lot more confidence than how we were 10 months ago. However, I think as we've stated before, longer term we can see the debt level more in the $1.6-$1.7 billion range is probably the right amount of leverage for the company given the lessons of the last 18-24 months. And we'd probably just continue to go ahead and deal with that through cash generation from operations.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Mark Moskowitz from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Thank you, good afternoon. A couple of questions here first. It seems like the hard disk drive industry is really benefiting from some structural dynamics, it's really propping up ASPs. How sustainable do you see some of these dynamics in terms of at what point is the major Tier 1 OEM customer saying enough is enough, you guys can't keep on raising prices on us going into the back half of the year?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I guess I'm not sure that I could validate the raising prices comment. I don't think we've raised prices. I think supply and demand have been relatively in balance, and I think the industry obviously from a revenue perspective took a pretty big hit in the December quarter and I think the industry basically pulled back on capital pretty dramatically to make supply and demand come into the balance. You got to remember, we were probably off by 25 million units on a TAM of 125 million units in the December quarter so that was a lot of excess inventory that was basically priced to sell and that impacted pricing for a number of quarters. So I think for most of our customer base at this point, they're more concerned about availability of supply and obviously we always have to be competitive in terms of the value that we attach to the product that we're selling and most of our customers can be pretty pleased at this point, I think, to get the products they're getting and getting them when they need them.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: The second question then revolves around the Mission-Critical weakness that you're seeing in terms of the enterprise hard disk drives. Are you seeing these weaknesses with the enterprise more a reflection of customers deferring large ticket items, or is there any sort of secular shift whereby SATA drives are starting to win greater placements in systems historically served by fiber channel?
Stephen J. Luczo: I wouldn't characterize it as a weakness. As a matter of fact I pointed to the quarter over quarter growth before, but I would say, Mark, that the right way to look at it is what was the original baseline? We talked about this for the last couple of quarters which was the refresh rate of either IT systems or enterprise systems hit a baseline when the economy went down and it slowly climbed back out of that and hasn't gotten all the way back to the previous levels. We actually do anticipate some growth like we said. It'll be up sequentially this time and there is some pent up demand, we believe. So forecasting that going out is rather difficult, but I don't think it's a replacement rate with SATA versus SAS or fiber channel right now.
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Jayson Noland at Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. A question on OpEx first. Is 300 still within reach or with increases in variable comp is that not possible anymore?
Patrick J. O'Malley: I wouldn't say it's not possible. Obviously I think we have some things to do on that, Jayson, and we continue to look at those. Like I said, our return of profitability sort of accelerates some growth in there that we'd look to long term offset a vast majority of that. I don't have a timeline to give you, but we'll certainly update you on that as we progress. But I think the way to even look at it, Jayson, which sort of ties that 300 as the business gets the $3 billion again, we'd like to run our OpEx somewhere in the 10%-12% range.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. I think the shift is coming in a year ago when we sat a $300 million number is when we were thinking about sub $2 billion revenue numbers. And again, how do we have a business model that is setup to be running below $2 billion in revenues, how do we still maintain cash flow and profitability? And we restructured the company pretty aggressively to get to that point and in doing so we kind of targeted a sub $300 million per quarter OpEx number.  I think two calls ago we indicated that in a more stable environment, obviously you want to be investing in underlying technologies, particularly in storage. I mean there's so many shifts occurring in terms of the deployment of storage across so many application sets, whether or not it's cloud based or mobility or Windows 7 or netbooks, notebooks — the way we really think of it is how do we get to an operating expense model of 10%-12%, an operating contribution model anywhere from 10%-14% or higher depending on gross margins.  So I think the net net is if you looked at the model three or four years ago versus now, what we're trying to do is produce one that has an operating contribution that is probably a couple of points higher than where we used to operate as a long-term model. So still obviously active management on OpEx, but we want to obviously make sure we're investing for some of these future opportunities that we think are pretty significant.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: That makes sense. On the CapEx side I believe you said this was under review and I may have missed it, but I would assume there would be upward pressure to the 450 million in fiscal '10?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. I think especially, as was indicated in the first question, if December pulls through solidly for the entire three months, which we have no reason not to believe at this point, but again, based on last year's history you need to remain cautious. And your normal seasonal pattern would say March quarter anywhere from down slightly to up slightly and then June of course falling off and then September and December stronger.  I think what's tricky this year of course is this could be against the backdrop of a general gradual growth in a macroeconomic trend which means maybe we're growing through the fiscal year and then through the calendar year which obviously would imply pressure on capital as you indicate throughout the year and then the question is how do we deploy that as reasonable as possible in terms of matching capacities so we're optimizing our profitability, but still fulfilling our customer needs?
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thanks you. Our next question will be from the line of Ananda Baruah from Brean, Murray. Please proceed.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Hi. Thanks, guys. Just a clarification around the new guidance. Is it 190 before the charges and then $0.35 of charge so then 225 after charges?
Patrick J. O'Malley: It's actually 190 and 30, but yes. I mean those would be the numbers we've quoted.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Got it. Okay, thank you very much. So, 220 overall. And then I guess just on the OpEx, another question about the OpEx, is the 335, is that sort of a new base level relative to where your revenues are? And the way to think of it going forward, I know you're giving your 10%-12% guidance ranges, but is there a way to think about it going forward as it'll tend to trend more or less with revenue growth?
Patrick J. O'Malley: We think we still have some leverage to take some of that out, but as Steve mentioned, we certainly have a lot of options on other areas to deploy OpEx dollars, especially in the R&D that we continue to look at. And as Steve said, we're really focused on an operating margin to deliver 10%-14%. So we'll make those tradeoffs in between margin and OpEx, but clearly if the 335 is probably fair to model for the short term — but we certainly will look to optimize whether taking some out, but reinvesting some of those dollars.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Okay, great thanks. And then if I could just touch base on the CapEx issue. Without giving any guidance, just talking about to what degree you might think of adding, if you were theoretically to decide in January to begin to put on capacity, when might we expect the usual volume capacity to really be in place?
Patrick J. O'Malley: Probably back half of the year.
Stephen J. Luczo: It depends on what we're putting in place. That's the key and I think that's why this is much more complicated because it's not just even Seagate — we have to work with our supply chain as well.
Patrick J. O'Malley: The supply chain is a lot narrower and we want to respect the confidentiality with our supply chain as well.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Certainly. And so is there any way to give us a big picture view, sort of all things equal, what pricing might look like next year I mean terms of — I mean, if we think about typical year over year ASP declines, sort of mid single digits, but you have some mixup going on within sort of your notebook PC mix today, and the if we get sort of some kind of tailwind or however you want to call it, a little bit of support in the PC demand next year and then a pickup in enterprise demand — I mean, would those mid-single digits typical type of ASP declines be on the conservative side?
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah. Again, I think you pointed out the reason why we really can't comment on it. I mean, there are so many variables between what happens if there's a big refresh cycle after 7, what happens if there's a pickup in enterprise Mission-Critical, what happens if supply and demand are constrained, and what the competitive situation is in terms of their ability to ramp products, to introduce new products, and to ramp yield. I think it's definitely a different environment I guess is what we can say the last nine or 10 months and I think we're highly focused on just addressing what our customers need and helping them achieve their revenue plans right now.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Okay, great. And then just last one for me if I could? I guess on the supply side of things in areas where you're considering glass and anything else, what are you seeing from a pricing perspective from those guys? Is the input cost starting to go up, and what are they looking for from maybe the industry collectively before they're willing to take on and on more capacity.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. Again, I think our supply relationships run pretty long and pretty deep and we feel pretty good about where we're positioned in terms of our supply base and that means with respect to quality, quantity, availability, and price. I think to comment anything beyond that again would kind of betray the trust that you have with our suppliers and you need to ask them directly.
Ananda Baruah - Brean, Murray, Carret & Co.: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Scott Craig from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, please proceed.
Scott Craig - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, good afternoon. Any flavor you can provide around the fiscal 2010 gross margin assumptions in your EPS? And then secondly, around the gross margin, the 22%-26% range, it sounds like you’re going to be there at the high end already without an enterprise rebound. So, what’s the likelihood that you think you can get above that 26% range if the enterprise business was to come back and in at least somewhat of a meaningful way? Thanks.
Patrick: Well, obviously it’s not an absolute. There’s going to be times when you can be above it. But I mean, for planning purposes to run our business we think longer term we should be in that 22%-26%. So we have spot points below or above it, something anomaly that you might have a strong quarter, because of an enterprise free fresh. But that’s not how we’re going to plan our business. So, always an opportunity, but certainly not planning for that.  And looking at the year, obviously, going from 22%-26% you can certainly lean towards the higher end of that if you’re coming up with the numbers that we’ve talked about. And I think you can model that pretty quickly, actually, with the $1.90 we lay in there.
W. Whitmore: Well, obviously it’s not an absolute. There’s going to be times when you can be above it. But I mean, for planning purposes to run our business we think longer term we should be in that 22%-26%. So we have spot points below or above it, something anomaly that you might have a strong quarter, because of an enterprise free fresh. But that’s not how we’re going to plan our business. So, always an opportunity, but certainly not planning for that.  And looking at the year, obviously, going from 22%-26% you can certainly lean towards the higher end of that if you’re coming up with the numbers that we’ve talked about. And I think you can model that pretty quickly, actually, with the $1.90 we lay in there.
Scott Craig - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Aaron Sharma from UBS, please proceed.
Aaron Sharma - UBS: I was just wondering if you could provide some color on the strength in the consumer market during the quarter? It seemed like there was a nice bounce-back, I just wanted to get some details on where you're sitting in the market and how sustainable this is in 2010? And also how we should look at your business going forward when factoring both share gains as well as overall market growth rates for the different segments? I just have a quick follow up after that. Thanks.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah, I think Aaron, the CE markets have held in there. They’re not back to the same levels that they were at one year back. But to your point, I think the DVR and gaming markets — our perception of them, we don’t participate as fully as we might at once done in the gaming markets. But I think in the DVR and the gaming markets both the volume is – you could pretty much figure out from the delta between our TAM guidance and the desktop notebook and enterprise and then the overall TAM guidance what the delta is. And there’s some portable — some 1.8 inch markets that are still represented. And I think there not zero. They’re not at the historical levels that they were a year ago. But they’re maybe been, I’ll say, 70%-80% of what they were before.
Aaron Sharma - UBS: Gotcha, and just in terms of mix, I’d say over the next 12-18 months, I mean, should we just expect that to grow with kind the market or should we – just when in terms of factoring in share games and potential for that?
Patrick J. O'Malley: No. I think it’s going to grow roughly with the markets.
Aaron Sharma - UBS: Okay. And then really quickly, just in terms of linearity, how would you describe it for the September quarter versus prior quarters. And thus far into October, I know it’s tough, but any idea how December may play out in terms of linearity versus prior years?
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah. The September quarter was one of our better quarters from a linearity perspective. It goes back to the comments that Steve made earlier. You know, I think that’s indicative of supply and demand being in balance and how the customer base are reacting — the entire supply chain, inbound and outbound, are reacting in light of the macroeconomics. So, September was a very good quarter. I won’t comment on this quarter.
Aaron Sharma - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will from the line of Kevin Hunt, please proceed.
Kevin Hunt - Unidentified Company: Yeah. I just want to follow up on that consumer question. Your performance in consumer was actually the strongest sequentially of any year unit's performance. And is there any dynamics you can assess there why you may have been doing better than others out there?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think the DVR market, like we said, where we have a lot of well established customer relationships, has performed like I said stronger in most inside of this economic recovery. The gaming market, to your point, I don’t know why you’d say relatively speaking we’re better than everyone else because we haven’t participated as much as we did historically in that market.
Kevin Hunt - Unidentified Company: And one follow-up on this Windows 7 cycle. I mean, how much have you seen in terms of availability of forecast from the PC OEMS in terms of what they’re expecting for this launch for this quarter? And it sounds like you’re assuming, really, not much in for 2010 at this point.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. I mean, again, I don’t want to speak for our customers because it’s easy enough for you guys just to get it straight from their mouths. But I think what we have said as P&R modeling that we provided for you, we don’t have built into their big refresh cycle being driven by Windows 7.  And on the other side of that, I would say that the anecdotal evidence that we’re getting, which of course for us would be second hand, maybe first hand if it’s from distributors that are starting to address the Windows 7 market. We’re certainly getting more indication that Windows 7 will be a more positive impact to the PC refresh cycle than maybe has been previously predicted.
Kevin Hunt - Unidentified Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Aaron Rakers, please proceed
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thanks, guys. I got a couple questions. I guess the first one I think about the model, the 520 million of fully diluted shares. Can you give us some color? I have people start to think of the 220 earnings number what the – how we should think about the fully diluted share count here as we – I would anticipate the stock to potentially see a favorable reaction here. Just any help on that, kind of, relative to the share price would be helpful.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Well, right now, we’re just using the 520, I mean, we don’t want to really get into predicting what the share price would do. But, obviously, we do have options out there that are above the price we’re at today. So they will go into the calculation for that. But I think we’ve taken the largest portion of that dilution through this rebound. But there’d still be some level of dilution with those options that are underwater today that were – if the stock were to continue to accrue. But I would use the 520 because that’s how we’re using for modeling purposes.
Stephen J. Luczo: Take one more question, I think.
Operator: Sure, our next question will be from the line of Keith Bachman from the Bank of Montreal, please proceed.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets:  Yeah. Thanks, guys. Just one quickie for you, Steve. Could you just do a little color on how you think the industry ended inventory levels for September quarter? I think we all think it’s low, but characterization. But more importantly, you talked about getting the three month quarter. If we do get a three month quarter how does that play down in terms of ending December level inventories?
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the industry ended inventory levels low, maybe even very low. I think the customers’ inventory levels are low, maybe even very low. I think if the December quarter plays out as a solid booking through December we’ll be exiting the year with very low inventories.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: And Steve, just take that one step farther, therefore, the normal seasonal patterns for the March quarter would be an inappropriate conclusion if you follow that line of reason, correct?
Stephen J. Luczo: I mean, it could be again, yeah. March quarter’s always – that’s what we’re trying to say. I mean, the March quarter is an interesting quarter if you look at it over the last 15 or 20 years. It can be slightly down, slightly up, flat.  But I think your point is if this is against exiting within inventories and strong demand through December against a general economic environment that's improving, then yes, we could see the March TAM be up from December. And then you have the issues with respect to capacity that we think would be pretty significant in terms of the industry continuing to chase that.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for calling us today. And obviously thank all our shareholders for their support as well and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s presentation. You may not disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives:   Stephen J. Luczo – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Patrick J. O’Malley – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Robert Whitmore – Executive Vice President Product and Process Development & Chief Technical Officer W. David Mosley – Senior Vice President Global Disc Storage Operations
Analysts:  Analyst for David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets Richard Kugele – Needham & Company Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company [Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. Robert Cihra – Caris & Company Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Scott Schmidt – Morgan Stanley [Nahal Chocksee – Technology Insight] Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors 
Stephen J. Luczo : On the call with me are Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Head of Manufacturing Operations; and Dave Mosley, Head of Global Sales and Product Line Management. As we discussed last quarter, our management team is committed to accelerating the improvement in our operational and financial performance with the goal of returning to a sustained GAAP profitability as soon as possible. By focusing on our core competencies technology and manufacturing to achieve consistent product leadership, we are making meaningful progress in achieving this objective as reflected by our fiscal Q4 2009 financial results. We have improved the way we manage our product line to position us for profitable leadership based on performance, quality and costs. We have instituted better processes around factor utilization, demand generation and inventory management to more closely match supply with demand and with more linearity throughout the quarter. We are returning to the platform strategy to provide accelerated response to customer needs while leveraging our industry leading technical and manufacturing investments. Importantly, for our long term growth we have redeployed our technical resources to refocus on aerial density leadership across all of our products. And, as we previously stated, we will continue to make adjustments to our manufacturing infrastructure and to a broad based of organizational processes to further optimize capacity and profitability.  The positive impact of these efforts is also reflected at the product level as evidenced by the recent announcements and customer acceptance in the 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch product lines which Dave and Bob will discuss shortly. During the last six months, demand for disc drives has been stronger than we planned at the beginning of each quarter. Our WIP inventory and our finished goods inventory in factory, transit and hubs are all at minimal levels. In addition, we have no indications of a buildup of inventory in the supply chain, at OEMs or at distribution as we close the June quarter or thus far in the September quarter. In addition, the enterprise market which has experienced a significant reduction in demand since June of 2008 is starting to exhibit signs of improvement. While over all visibility is improving, there is still the possibility for significant variability in our outlook for the September quarter and throughout fiscal year 2010.  The growth in the TAM since December 2008 is encouraging and is indicative of the ever present need for storage devices across the customer base. Despite the relative strength shown in the first half of calendar 2009, as well as the fairly robust projections for the remainder of the year offered by some industry analysts, we are approaching the September quarter cautiously with respect to our production volumes and product mix. We continue to manage our factories with an intense focus on maximizing our return on invested capital through optimized inventory management while satisfying our customer requirements and still being able to appropriately respond to demand upsides if we have been too conservative in our growth expectations. Such upsides would result in improved financial performance relative to our outlook. Pat will discuss the company’s financial outlook in more detail shortly. While we are planning for modest sequential growth in September quarter with a TAM of 135 to 140 units and no significant share shifts, Seagate expects to continue to optimize our operational and financial performance with increasing revenues, gross margins and operating margins.  As the overall demand for storage remains resilient, we believe that technology generally and storage in particular are proving to be structurally important even in the current depressed economic environment. As increasing amounts of content are created each day and the application environment broadens, the demand for storage continues its long term growth path in terms of terabytes required. For example, although the year-over-year industry TAM stayed relatively flat, the average capacity of a 3.5 inch ATA drive shift increased by 45%. In addition, the technology advancements of hard disk drives and other complementary storage products are creating new opportunities for Seagate in the home, in commercial enterprises of all sizes and a wide variety of mobile devices, all of which require highly reliable, affordable, accessible and connected storage. Seagate continues to offer customers the broadest disk drive product lines, as a result of our industry leading investment in technology and manufacturing resources. We believe that this breadth and scale of disk drive technology is critical to participating in the evolving opportunities presented by the mobile content rich connected world. With that, let me turn the call over to Dave to discuss specific market dynamics in fiscal Q4 and going in to fiscal Q1.
W. David Mosley : Closing fiscal year with positive momentum is an encouraging sign that the actions we are taking to return Seagate to market leadership and profitability are working. Overall market demand for storage capacity has recovered faster than expected in spite of the economic conditions underscoring that the rapid creation of digital content and information has not slowed. Our core strategy going in to fiscal 2010 will be to focus on demand generation and product portfolio optimization for quality of share taking advantage of technology positioning in different markets and providing improved cost solutions for capacity points that service the market needs of our customers.  Now, I’ll provide some commentary on Q4 and a look to Q1. Seagate shipped 40.6 million units in June quarter, up 6% sequentially. The overall industry shipped a total of approximately 132 million units during the quarter, essentially flat from the year ago quarter but markedly up by 17% quarter-over-quarter. Demand in all markets was fairly linear and steadily increasing throughout the quarter and we were able to appropriately respond to demand upsides. We transitioned to new more cost effective product platforms and experienced an improved product mix in all markets across our portfolio contributing to our margin growth. Relative to our prior expectations we believe we outperformed our competitors in these current product transitions. The June quarter was unique in that we have never seen calendar Q2 unit shipments significantly above calendar Q1. For this reason, we are closely monitoring the sell through in client markets specifically while we responded to customer demand.  Now, I’ll give some detail on the individual markets, in the enterprise space, the total available market or TAM for the June quarter was approximately 5.9 million units which was up 5% quarter-over-quarter. Seagate shipped 3.6 million units in this space during the quarter. As we indicated last quarter we believe the enterprise TAM is stabilizing and now see further evidence that server shipments have begun to outstrip baseline enterprise equipment replacement rates. As a result for the September quarter we are expecting the overall enterprise market demand to be up slightly from the June quarter. Should market conditions improve more rapidly we will continue to have the capacity to fill upside demand.  The TAM in the desktop market for the June quarter was approximately 54 million units, up 4% sequentially. Seagate maintained its leadership position in this market as we shipped 22 million units in the quarter essentially flat from the March quarter. Our 500 gigabyte per disk barracuda drives where we shipped roughly 9 million units are performing very well and receiving strong customer acceptance. For the September quarter we expect a modest increase in the desktop TAM sequentially.  In the mobile compute space the overall TAM was approximately 55 million units in the June quarter up 27% sequentially and 23% year-over-year. Seagate’s shipments grew 27% sequentially to 11.3 million units. We continued to make solid progress during the quarter in our transition to 255 gigabyte per disk products in this market. In addition, we believe we have the leading share position in the growing 7200 RPM portion of this market. Overall, our customers are continuing to signal strong demand for our 2.5 inch products and we also expect further TAM growth in the September quarter. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on our operations and product development.
Robert Whitmore : This afternoon I will provide an update on products and technology as well as an outlook for capital spending in fiscal year 2010. As I’ve stated for the last several quarters, our primary focus has been to improve our new product time to market execution and accelerate our product transitions. We continue to make steady progress on both fronts and we’ll maintain our focus towards sustained product and technology leadership going forward. Last quarter I discussed the importance of product transitions as it relates to our gross margin recovery specifically, in the 7200 RPM 500 gigabyte per disk desktop and 5400 RPM 250 gigabyte per disk notebook products. Commensurate with our plan we were successful in transitioning the majority of our volume to these newer products which resulted in a positive impact to our gross margin as well as simplifying our factory output.  In addition to these product lines, our 7200 RPM 250 gigabyte per disk 2.5 inch transition was well underway last quarter with a significant percentage of our 7200 RPM volume transitioning to this new platform. Over the next two quarters we will continue to focus our attention towards yield improvement, factory ramps and customer transitions as these new products will represent the vast majority of our production volume. Launching new products at the next aerial density point continues to be an important priority as well and several significant milestones were achieved in the June quarter. We delivered our aerial density leading 2.5 inch two disk 640 gigabyte drive to our US retail partners and will continue to ramp that product within this quarter. Capacity leadership in the external retail business is a high priority making this milestone significant.  As for enterprise, last week we announced the availability of our 7th generation 15000 RPM Cheetah product with capacities up to 600 gigabytes. This is the latest addition in our industry leading enterprise product offerings. Qualifications are in progress with all of our OEM customers with many qualifications complete and shipping. Additionally, we completed several important qualifications of the industry’s first 2.5 inch 500 gigabyte nearline product given our customers a form factor option within this growing storage market. Our solid state product development is on track and we remain focused on delivering our first enterprise SSD later this calendar year. We are fully engaged with our customers and supply chain partners and remain committed to delivering solid state storage devices with the performance and reliability this market demands. Overall, we continue to focus our resources on time to market product and technology leadership as well as product transitions to [inaudible] our gross margin recovery. We are making steady progress and we’ll continue to have this as the highest priority.  In regards to capital investments, we achieved the targets we communicated last quarter. Capital investments for the June quarter were $80 million and for the fiscal year 2009 totaled $633 million, slightly below our target of $650 million. The outlook for fiscal 2010 is unchanged as we believe we can manage our capital investments to approximately $450 million and still fund the necessary investments in our core technologies.  As stated in previous communications we have sized our headcount and factory support structure commensurate with current level of demand and we will continue to evaluate the capital outlook as the demand environment evolves. We also continue to evaluate opportunities to optimize and increase the efficiency of our internal supply chain with the intention of improving our manufacturing cost structure, flexibility and customer response time going forward.  In summary, the team remains focused on sustained product and technology leadership, maximizing our scale and leverage with Seagate components and optimizing our manufacturing structure. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Pat O’Malley. 
Patrick J. O’Malley : You’ll find the company’s press release, 8K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance and other supplemental information in the investor relations sections of Seagate’s website at www.Seagate.com. I’ll start with the income statement then touch on the balance sheet and close with some additional commentary for our September outlook. For the June quarter, Seagate’s unit shipments were 40.6 million, up 6% compared to the prior quarter while down 6% compared to the year ago quarter. Revenue for the quarter was $2.35 billion above the upper end of our outlook as demand remained constant through the end of the quarter. Gross margins for the quarter expanded by approximately 1,000 basis points compared to the prior quarter due to a number of factors: one, a favorable pricing environment as supply and demand remained in balance and we had a stronger competitor product position; two, improved factory utilization due to higher overall demand; three, transition to the new products in notebook and desktop; and four, a modest recovery in the enterprise unit TAM. While I have called out each of these factors separately, many of these factors are interdependent and are a direct result of significantly higher overall unit demand that Seagate appropriately responded to without having to add capital or capacity. R&D and SG&A totaled $329 million for the June quarter, keeping us on track to achieve the targeted spending levels we previously communicated.  During the June quarter we recorded an additional $85 million of restructuring related charges that substantially relates to the global headcount reduction actions we have undertaken during fiscal 2009. The tax provision for the June quarter was $27 million and was higher than expected due to discreet items unique to the June quarter primarily the liquidation of Maxtor corporate structures. We do not expect the discreet items impacting the book tax rate in the June quarter to increase the cash tax rate. For the past six months we have focused on strengthening the balance sheet and improving liquidity in large part to ensure we could address the debt that matures in the near term. With that task completed we are now in the process of developing a strategic plan to optimize the capital structure for the long term. At a high level, this will likely entail less long term debt and debt maturity profile that has more level than exists today. Now, for some comments specific to the balance sheet for the June quarter. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short term investments totaled approximately $2 billion at the end of the quarter, up $568 million from the previous quarter due to the debt offering we completed early in the June quarter that netted approximately $400 million in cash generated from operations.  Restricted cash consists mainly of proceeds in escrow from a recent debt offering and cash in trust for the employee funded deferred compensation plan. By keeping the proceeds of our recent debt offering in escrow with our credit banks, we will be able to treat it as refinancing the existing debt rather than incremental debt for purposes of calculating our leverage covenant.  Cash flow from operations was $192 million for the quarter while free cash flow as $11 million. The company paid in aggregate approximately $53 million in cash restructuring and interest during the June quarter. Depreciation and amortization for the June quarter was $224 million including approximately $20 million of purchase intangibles amortization. Cash conversion metrics were as follows: days sales outstanding was 40; days payable outstanding was 73; and days inventory outstanding was 27 for a cash conversion cycle of negative days, an improvement of six days compared to the prior quarter. It should be noted that during the June quarter we did not change payment terms. Looking forward, if shipments remain fairly linear during the quarter like we have experienced the last two quarters we’d expect the cash conversion cycle to be around zero days.  Now, I will address the business outlook for the September quarter. While we continue to see signs of improved visibility, the ongoing uncertainty in global economic conditions makes it particularly difficult to predict product demand and other related matters which makes it more likely that Seagate’s actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Specifically, the company expects the following: revenue to be approximately $2.4 to $2.6 billion; gross margins for the September quarter to improve approximately 200 to 350 basis points as compared to the June quarter. This improvement is predicated on the continued transition to the new product platforms and improved factor utilization rates.  The guidance range for gross margin is larger than we would typically provide and this reflects the lower than historical visibility that still exists in the business today. R&D and SG&A costs are expected to be approximately $315 million. Other income expense to be a net expense of approximately $40 million and a tax rate for planning purposes of 6%. The September quarter outlook does not include the impact of any potential new restructuring activities, future mergers, acquisitions, financing, dispositions or other business combinations the company may undertake. That concludes my remarks for today.
Stephen J. Luczo : On behalf of the management team I’d like to recognize our employees for their focus and commitment as we progress towards our goals and I’d also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. Operator, we’re ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Analyst for David Bailey – Goldman Sachs.
Analyst for David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: On the topic of gross margin for the September quarter, you mentioned new products and utilization, going forward what do you think is the bigger swing factor if you will to influence on the gross margin line?
Robert Whitmore : Going forward the new product transitions clearly will be the highest leverage. This last quarter we exited it running a little bit more than 50% of our products with the new products. We’ll continue to grow that at a much higher level the vast majority in the Q1 and that will be the accelerant driving that. As we fill our factories obviously, that leverage it will be maximized until the next step function.
Analyst for David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: If I can follow up, you mentioned favorable pricing because supply demand and balance, how about conditions today in to the third quarter, do you think supply and demand are in balance in to Q3?
Robert Whitmore : As we see it early in the quarter we see it continuing with the velocity we left the last quarter and so we’d say the supply demand is still in balance. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: I was hoping you could give a little bit of color on the consumer electronics market. I think you broke out the details for the other markets but I wanted to get a little sense of how the PBR market and the gaming market were doing?
W. David Mosley : The gaming TAM was about 3 million units Sherri last quarter and the PBR market was fairly flat quarter-over-quarter.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: Are you gaining share in the gaming market?
W. David Mosley : No, not in the gaming market.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: Then in terms of the balance sheet, can you just remind me do you guys have an accounts receivable facility? Did you sell any receivables in the quarter or is that all just pure working capital?
Patrick J. O’Malley : This is pure working capital, we do not have a facility and none of our terms on that changed so that was just the DSO change was more of a mix between our [inaudible] and OEMs. But, the business was fairly linear so there was no difference than just normal collection and sale of our business model.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: I’ll just sneak in one more, when do you guys expect to be below $300 million in op ex? Is that going to be happening in December or what is your expectation there considering the market is growing are you really going to need to be less than $300 million.
Patrick J. O’Malley : Our target plans is to get to the $300 or below by the summer quarter. 
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: So you’re still going to do that even with the better demand that you’re seeing?
Patrick J. O’Malley : We’ll continue to monitor the business and invest appropriately where needed but right now that would be the trajectory we’re on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets.
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: I had two if I could, I’ll through this out there for the team, the issue is I think there’s already some bare commentary circulating that inventories are starting to grow a little bit. The backdrop is IDC was recently out suggesting that the sequential change in the PC market was about 5% to 6%. You guys have indicated that you think the TAM was plus 17% quarter-over-quarter which is about what Intel suggests as well. How do investors take some comfort that there isn’t any inventory building, certainly it’s not on your balance sheet. And, I specifically wanted to just get some comfort on how deeply can you see in to the OEMs? Are you comfortable that there’s no inventories there that you’re not aware of since you’re on mostly JIT hubs? Then, I have a follow up please.
Stephen J. Luczo : I think you hit it on the head which is from our perspective and as far as we can tell in the industry given what’s been reported that at least from the drive manufacturers perspective there’s not inventory buildup. So, we’re clearly building to our customers’ demand. You’ve also hit it on the head that some analysts for some reason are thinking that our customers are asking for too many products and being speculative on whether or not those products are sold through or not.  Clearly, if they don’t have disk drives in them they’re not going to sell through, we know that for sure so if our customers are asking for our products and our inventories are at minimal levels as we’ve indicated that’s about the best we can do. To answer your question for where we can see in to different downstream in the supply chain and it’s variant obviously by customer and by type of customer, distribution is different than OEM and certain OEMs are different amongst each other but, as I indicated in my comments for what we can see we do not see the buildup in inventory that some of the, as you say, some of the bare side analyst have indicated. Now, that doesn’t mean that it might not happen but all we can do then is see where sell through is, adjust to our customer response quickly and then maintain supply and demand. I think the real question is how does the industry react if our customer base is overbought and I think it’s just an issue of then adjusting demand at that point and supply in line with demand at that point. Thus far though, we don’t see those signs.
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Steve you can see pretty well on the desti side, right?
Stephen J. Luczo : We can see very well in to the desti side, we can actually see decently well in to certain of our customers and as we’ve indicated, the demand polls have continued strong. And, as you also indicated, we do see our JIT hubs and our JIT hubs have been pulled very aggressively. 
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Then my follow us I think for Pat, number one is what do you think the weighted average ASP Pat will do sequentially? Then secondly, the cash flow was certain much better than I was anticipating, is there any color you could give us around expectations for September either cash flow from ops or free cash flow, however you want to characterize it?
Patrick J. O’Malley : For the ASP I’ll try to do that one justice, as you can tell from our even Q3 to Q4 we’re trying to optimize capacity given where we’re at so we are certainly looking with obtaining somewhat of a product leadership again in the 2.5 and 3.5, we’re trying to optimize the higher capacity products to supply our customer needs because they’re still pulling hard on that. So obviously that mix would offset any pricing impact we’re planning for seasonal pricing this quarter. That’s our expectation here so I would say that we should be able to keep that ASP relatively flat [inaudible] upwards bias. That’s number one. Then, on the cash I think quite honestly, we’re running business week-to-week, that’s how we’re running it. The team sits down, looks where the inventory is, if it’s building up we cut back. It’s been fairly linear so if the business remains linear as it is, like I said the terms haven’t really noticeably changed for anything in our business so that was probably the biggest effect to our model and if it continues that way, we think we can keep that cash conversion cycle near zero. Obviously with the guidance we gave, we should generate cash flow so the cash balance should get healthier as the year progresses with this trajectory.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Kugele – Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Just a couple of quick questions, first just when you talk to the OEMs over the course of the June quarter did their visibility improve as your business was improving or have they been pulling at an improving rate but their visibility hasn’t gotten any better? How has their commentary to you changed over the course of the quarter?
Stephen J. Luczo : Rich I think everybody is running their business, as Pat just described, fairly tight. I think the visibility has improved slightly. If I look at accuracy of forecast and so on as I go throughout the quarter, things have improved. But, there’s still a fair amount of tentativeness around, especially on specifics of mix and which products are desired and things like that. 
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Then kind of a little bit of a longer term question, we seem to be at a tipping point, certainly within the Seagate model from a mix perspective. I mean the growth in the units on mobile was profound, 11.3 is definitely material especially as a percentage of the total and with desktops being overtaken by notebooks at the very point where you finally have a window, seven potentially driven refresh aging infrastructure, all this stuff over the next 12 to 18 months that we’re going to be talking about, what do you think the Seagate mix looks like for fiscal 2010 between the major segments?
Stephen J. Luczo : I think we’ll probably follow the market on the trends there. Obviously we’d like to push where we have strengths in technology or product mix, product alignment and we noted that relative to for example 7200 RPM on the notebook. But, I think in general we’ll follow the market. If that helps.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Do you think the supply chain is prepared for this type of mix?
Stephen J. Luczo : Yes, I think people have been seeing it coming for quite some time and if anything, of late, just through the economic conditions that we’ve seen in the last year there’s been some flattening of the actual transition in the 3.5 inch side so I think the supply chain has been prepared.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I guess first question, you’ve touched again on the whole SSD question of timing around end of 2009, I’m guessing calendar year at this point. I guess what I want to know is when does that start to – I guess is that timing just from an introduction perspective or when do we expect to see qualifications? Then I guess, any thoughts on the model implications at that point be it margin structure, etc.?
Robert Whitmore : What I speak of at the end of the calendar year is really getting product in to OEM’s hands so they can start their qualification process so that’s really kind of the definition. Then, calendar year ’10 we’ll go through qualifications and ramp up any kind of volume that they need to fulfill their requirements. Hopefully, that gives you some clarity around the timing.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I guess if I can follow on that, in terms of the enterprise business in general I think there’s been some storage vendors out there that have started to implement technologies that allow tiering straight from an SSD to a SATA drive. I guess from a longer term perspective how do we think about the evolution of SSDs and potentially the erosion that could present on the traditional enterprise hard drive market?
Stephen J. Luczo : I guess I’ll make an initial stab and then Dave can answer. I think basically the way we view it is that architecturally anything that makes storage more efficient or faster is a good thing for anyone involved in storage. SSD flash memory or whatever form of silicon can end up getting used is just super fast memory and if it’s fast then it needs a lot of data moving in and out of it. Is there applications where you could go from tier zero to tier II, I suppose there are but we happen to believe that probably the more prevalent enterprise architecture probably has some sort of staging of which data gets moved up closer to the SSD because you still have to have an application layer that’s monitoring what you’re throwing in to the SSD versus what you want to much with HDD so we think it’s an overall architecture. The engagement that we’ve had at the OEM level, I think that’s probably the biggest range of architectural diversity that is going on. I think that’s what we’re trying to allude to in terms of given our product line and the relationships that we have with the customer base that spans every major OEM we’re looking at nine or 10 different architectures that weigh different combinations of tier zero, tier I, tier II, SATA, SAS, fiber channel, grid, application driven, a variety of things and basically this is the battle ground that’s starting to be formed not among SSD versus HDD. That’s why for us we’re going after both markets.  You could throw a couple of other technologies in there as well that involve silica or silicon and HDD but it’s really what’s starting to develop between the OEM spenders, the applications spenders, the server market place and storage subsystem market place. The answer is too common and its evolving and it’s going to be pretty dramatic I think over the next 15 years. In the meantime a lot of storage is going to be sold and a lot of that is going to be HDD and a lot of that is going to be SSD.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: The final question for me is that in your gross margin guidance for this next quarter are you assuming a basic flattish mix in terms of enterprise as a contribution of your overall business? What I’m trying to understand is that as we look in to some stabilization and improving enterprise mix factors in your model, why shouldn’t we be thinking that there’s even a bit of upside relative potential to the gross margin guide you gave?
Stephen J. Luczo : As I indicated in my comments, we are starting to see some traction in enterprise but what’s been baked in to the forecast that we outlined for you was sequentially marginally improvement there. So if it turns out that it’s more robust than the plans that we have you’d be right, we’d have a better earnings profile. Whether or not its enterprise or notebook 7200 or even some of our desktop products. But specifically to enterprise you’re right.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley.
[Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley: I was wondering if you could just clarify your earlier comments about the debt structure and the long term strategy? Can you just talk a little bit more about how you are looking at that and what your trying to accomplish there?
Stephen J. Luczo : I’ll answer that because as Pat was saying it I could see where it may have had a different feel than we were trying to say. The point was that when we came in a couple of quarters ago we clearly needed to sure up the balance sheet and make sure we had healthy cash position with respect to the debt obligations coming through as well as obviously investing in our technology and capital. We feel that through the debt offer that we did earlier this quarter, the June quarter, that we’re done on the capital raising side of any nature. So yes, it could have been implied that there was some other form of financing to be done and certainly that’s not the message we’re trying to send.  What we do want to indicate though is that with the existing debt structure that we have now, you’ll notice that certain maturities are pretty peaky and while that debt is all at pretty low interest rates, especially in today’s market and probably particularly in the future markets if inflation does start to accelerate, it would be nice to level out that payment stream. Now, we can do that through virtual sinking funds and just putting cash off to the sides in our own minds or go out and buy some of those securities just so some of that debt is more level as we look out over the next five years or so.
[Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley: So it’s kind of the 2011, 2012 time frame that you’re looking?
Stephen J. Luczo : Yes, I’d say that you have that big peak in ’11, if we could bring that down in one form or another that would be just a better position for the company to be in. Like I said, that could also just be holding cash off to the side like a sinking fund knowing it’s there. But, we certainly would like – I call it the pumpkin diagram, right now we have a pumpkin smile and it would be nice to get some of those spiky teeth down.
[Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley: Those 2011 bonds, those are not callable right? So, in order to reduce them you’d have to buy them back in the open market?
Stephen J. Luczo : It’s just a function of availability and price. So, if we have the opportunity to buy some at prices we think are decent we will and if we don’t then we’ll just handle it like a sinking fund.
[Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley: In terms of the revolver I think pretty much all of the revolver is currently drawn and that also matures in 2011?
Patrick J. O’Malley : It’s effectively the same model. 
Stephen J. Luczo : That’s correct.
[Jake Cominey] – Morgan Stanley: So would you look to try to just kind of refinance and extend that or how are you thinking about that maturity?
Stephen J. Luczo : Again, a lot of flexibility and options with respect to the revolver.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.:  You highlighted in the beginning of your presentation how the external market has become more of a priority. I was wondering if you can talk through some of the issues that have been facing the company, how you’re going to handle I would imagine what’s going to be sizeable demand for the fall relative to other areas and how that influenced the unit demand during the quarter?
Stephen J. Luczo : I’m not sure what the reference is to with respect to the external market?
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.: The external market to the retail side.
Stephen J. Luczo : Right but, what comment did we make that you were referring to?
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.:  At the very beginning of the presentation I believe you said that the external market is a high priority.
Stephen J. Luczo : Okay, the high capacity. I think what Bob indicated was, as you may have noticed in the quarter we announced the 640 gigabyte drive in the 2.5 inch form factor which went in to the retail market. What you’ll find is in the branded market, the high capacity products are particularly important in terms of getting shelf space at the big retailers. And of course, a lot of the high power users are always looking for max capacity. So, we view our ability to be successful overall in that business to be making sure that we’re participating in the high cap area which we hadn’t been for the last two years. It was probably one of the biggest weaknesses in our portfolio in our branded business. So, with that now in place, it’s a better position for us.
Robert Whitmore : It’s still about 10% of revenue like we indicated previously and it’s fairly flat so the product positioning there is taking hold. But, relative to the backend of the year, I think we’re not seeing any tremendous growth in that segment, it’s fairly in line with the rest of the desktop and notebook growth.
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.: And you would characterize that outlook in going with the market or how do you feel about your share?
Stephen J. Luczo : Yes, we would characterize our positioning as going with the market.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Cihra – Caris & Company.
Robert Cihra – Caris & Company: A couple of questions, headcount was up sequentially, it seemed a little surprising given your restructurings. On top of that two product questions, one just curious if you see yourselves or when you see yourselves getting reengaged in gaming a little more? Can that still be a good business or is that something that’s sort of a lowest priority? Lastly, on notebook you talked about the 640 gig 2.5 inch retail product, when do we see you think a 320 gig per [platter] notebook driver kind of for the PC OEM channel? Is that something that is sort of a late summer/fall type thing for notebook design cycle or is that something you even want to talk about yet?
Patrick J. O’Malley : Let me take the headcount and then I’ll hand off to Dave for the remaining two of your questions. On the headcount we did exercise the restructuring activity in May. Many of those employees were still on the payroll until July so we have a cross over so some affect of the employees that we had to go through the action in May will be reflected in numbers. But also, with the upside of demand we certainly had the capacity in brick and mortar and tools in place but with the upside in demand most of that increase in headcount would be in labor in the Far East for responding to the upside. So, we had the tools in place so we just went through our hiring plan to bring back some of the folks required to build those products. So, from our cost structure, as I talked about earlier, with $329 op ex this quarter going to $315 and getting to $300, that’s still in line. That ties in our restructuring and as Bob mentioned we’re still looking at optimizing and [inaudible] our supply chain or manufacturing that’s still undergoing. But, most of the headcount you see are primary to the direct labor in the Far East for that increase.
W. David Mosley : Rob, to get to the rest of your questions, the gaming market as I kind of alluded to in Sherri’s question there, the gaming market TAM was about 3 million units we think last quarter. It will go up substantially and some of that 3 million is of course staging for the consumer cycles that are coming in the back half of the year. We didn’t participate but we will to some small level this quarter so we are qualified. Its mainly low capacity product and so we’ve kind of chosen what we want to participate in. I think that should answer your question there. Then on the 320 gigabyte, we don’t want to get too far ahead of ourselves but we will be shipping out qualification units when the time comes and I think your characterization is fairly accurate as far as the time frame.
Robert Cihra – Caris & Company: Do you see yourselves being, I mean obviously after 250 you’ve caught up nicely after the prior two cycles, do you see yourselves being pretty much either you or one other out in front substantially at 320 or is that something you think – if you had to guess do you see a big gap between yourselves and others or do you see a pack?
W. David Mosley : We believe we’ll be competitive but it’s hard to tell what everyone else is doing but, we believe we’ll be competitive.
Operator:  You next question comes from Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: I just have three quick questions, just a follow up on that 640, the 320 I assume that’s 100% with your own heads?
Robert Whitmore : We’ve been investing with TDK and Seagate so we qualified both heads with all our products. The retail drive that we’re shipping today is 100% with Seagate heads. I think that’s what you’re asking.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: Then in the September quarter if demand ends up being more robust, would you anticipate it to be on all fronts or would it be just enterprise, notebook, external storage, where do you think the greatest upside potential in September could come?
W. David Mosley : It’s hard to read but I would say on all fronts that we saw last quarter. I mean, the trends would be the same probably. I don’t see one new segment coming up that would outstrip the others versus what we just saw quarter-over-quarter.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: My last question, the much talked about PC potential refresh cycle, your conversations with your customers over the course of the next year would you be willing to share your guys’ thoughts on how that may play out?
Stephen J. Luczo : We’re still watching it very carefully. I think as things happen, especially through the fall here to judge, but we see pretty much what we would anticipate a seasonal growth further out in time. If that PC refresh cycle comes on and starts creating something that’s abnormal especially given what we’ve just been through with the gyrations in the TAM I think we’ll react to it.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: Lastly, on that note, would you express the same opinion as Dell that they would assume that servers would refresh first?
Stephen J. Luczo : I think, as I noted in my comments before, there has been some movement up in servers off of the baseline call it equipment replacement rates. So, we do see that happening slightly right now. We’re aligned with Dell and Intel on their comments as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Schmidt – Morgan Stanley.
Scott Schmidt – Morgan Stanley:  Just a quick question, what was the biggest change from the June 24th update to today? You were forecasting 120 million units at that time and now you said the TAM was 132 million, what was the biggest change?
W. David Mosley : I think from just at the very end of the quarter the continued pull in some of the notebook markets surprised people and it may have been a pull in from the current quarter but, it may be true demand upsides as well. I think that’s the thing we’re watching most carefully. I made a comment about that in the client markets and it happened right at the end of the quarter.
Stephen J. Luczo : I think as we’ve indicated I think in all of our comments, we’re really focused on the inventory management side of our business and I think when we were that late in the quarter given where some of the projections were starting to accelerate pretty quickly we just felt it was more prudent to not assume that was going to happen or not build to it, depending on what that demand was really all about. Again, what we did see is kind of – and we actually talked to the same point in the March quarter you may remember and we got good pull through March in to April and we continued to get good pull through June and thus far in to July. So, it does seem that the industry has moved to a more linear model up and down the supply chain which I think has a lot of benefits that can offset the fact that the TAM has obviously been depressed a little bit as a result of the global turn down.
Scott Schmidt – Morgan Stanley: Is there any build in the inventory or any restocking? I know you said it’s mostly end demand but have you seen inventories uptick at all or is this really all end demand?
Stephen J. Luczo : It’s hard to tell from our perspective. We haven’t seen it build up certainly in our supply chain, that’s reflected in our numbers and downstream of us we haven’t seen it either. There’s still some time before all the back to school data is in and beyond. We’ll watch carefully but we haven’t seen it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Nahal Chocksee – Technology Insight].
[Nahal Chocksee – Technology Insight]: Can you talk about any mix that you’re seeing in notebooks, especially with the commenced shipment of the CULV laptops?
Stephen J. Luczo : I would say that the mix was fairly predicted by the Seagate numbers. In other words, we’re continuing to transition to 250 and 500 gigabyte per [platter]. There was some small uptick at the end in the lowest end, what I would call netbook segments. But, in general I think we haven’t really seen the impact of CULV yet. We’re watching carefully at what those lower capacity points. Some of the CULV may actually move upwards in capacity as well.
[Nahal Chocksee – Technology Insight]: Have you seen any qualification activity with smartbooks? Apparently there’s about 40 OEMs, or 40 designs on the smartbooks, have you seen any of that yet?
Stephen J. Luczo : It’s not really significant in the TAM numbers for last quarter or this quarter yet but I am aware of the activity.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors.
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors:  Just a quick question, by my calcs I think the overall debt number deceased by like $50 million, is that accurate?
Patrick J. O’Malley : The overall debt number? 
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors: Yes.
Patrick J. O’Malley : We open market purchased $19 million of debt. 
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors: The par value decreased I thought, is that accurate? Or, did you pay any debt down at all?
Patrick J. O’Malley : No, we went open market and purchased $19.5 million last quarter.
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors:  Of par or was that cash?
Patrick J. O’Malley : Of par, we went and bought the April ’10 debt, $19.5 million in the open market.
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors: Can you say what price you bought it?
Patrick J. O’Malley : It will come off the books at par. We don’t have any gains or loss.
Stephen J. Luczo : All the debt is pretty much trading at market now.
Patrick J. O’Malley : And we also had a facility with the China loan that we work from time-to-time, that was a $15 million payoff. So, that would be the only two elements we paid off during the quarter.
Anthony Venturino – Federated Investors: Is debt buyback something you are considering or is that just kind of when the price is right you might do it.
Stephen J. Luczo : As Steve said it’s in the market and if the price is right and we have an opportunity, we’ll exercise it opportunistically. We don’t have a formalized program but if the market does trade it and it’s a good price and it’s a fair price, as Steve said, we’re looking to take some of these peaks off of our debt and we’ll look to those areas as well. But, we have $300 million due on October 1st and then we have another tranche, about another $19 million due in April so this next fiscal year we have close to $500 million due that we’ll service as it comes due.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Richard Kugele – Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Just quickly, when it comes to the discreet track recording and the [inaudible] patterned media, do you have any thoughts on the timing especially in light of a 45% year-over-year improvement in aerial density? What’s your thoughts there?
Robert Whitmore : Well, you know we’re investing in a number of different technologies, you mentioned a couple of them. We see conventional perpendicular recording expending for the next several generations. We’re making investments so that we’ll be ready for the conversion but we don’t see that for a number of years in front of us.
Stephen J. Luczo :  I just want to take the opportunity to thank everybody for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Luczo – President, CEO Dave Mosley - Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management Robert Whitmore – Chief Technology Officer Patrick O'Malley – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal [Rob Ferro – Carris & Company] Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley Richard Kugele – Needham & Company David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to Seagate Technologies fiscal third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  This conference call contains forward-looking statements including but not limited statements related to the company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statement including any references to the savings we may achieve under our recently announced or anticipated cost reduction plans are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2008 and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2009. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's view as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Luczo, CEO.
Steve Luczo: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales and Product Line Management. Beginning in early January with the establishment of the new management team at Seagate, our primary focus has been to take actions that would improve the company's competitiveness, return it to profitability as quickly and efficiently as possible and to strengthen the company's balance sheet. In general we have been pursuing activities related to reorganization, refinancing, restructuring and running the business.  I will first provide you with an update on the actions we have taken thus far and a description of the impact those changes have had on our operations and our financial performance both end quarter and structurally. I will then provide commentary on our third quarter performance and identify additional opportunities for improvement in the fourth quarter, and finally, I'll discuss other areas of focus going forward and the resulting improvements we expect to achieve. Our first actions addressed the organizational and financial structure of the company. We eliminated the business unit structure and returned to a functional organizational structure to improve decision making, drive better cross functional optimization and to provide strategic and tactical direction designed to improve overall corporate performance and manage resource allocation. Organizational changes include reducing our executive level positions by 33% since the beginning of fiscal year 2009, eliminating business units, integrating and redefining our sales, marketing and product line management functions, reintegrating certain functions of our branded business into the rest of our company and establishing a cross functional solid state strategy team. These organization changes are in addition to the previously announced closures of two recording media facilities and our Pittsburg research facility, the global work force reduction and company wide salary reductions announced in January 2009 and other cost reduction initiatives. To help facilitate and enhance our business processes throughout the company, we have reinstituted the company's executive committee which has responsibility for business decisions related to Seagate strategies and top level goals and the corporate management committee which has responsibility for implementing business strategies and making decisions related to cross functional and organizational optimization. From a balance sheet perspective, we have significantly improved our liquidity position and capital structure; first with the amendment to our credit facility with our credit facility and most recently with our debt financing. In addition, our Board of Directors agreed to adopt policy of not providing a dividend which when coupled with the reduction in dividend in January 2009 reduces cash obligations by about $230 million annually. We believe these actions position us to be cash flow positive and earnings positive during our fiscal year 2010 even if the current negative macro economic conditions persist.  Specific to the March quarter, there are a number of encouraging signs for our company. From an industry standpoint the total available market was marginally higher than expected and Seagate delivered greater revenue than planned.  The company also generated nearly $175 million of cash in the March quarter through working capital management, particularly as it relates to day sales outstanding and reductions in inventory levels throughout the quarter.  The company was able to respond to customer demand increases for Seagate products throughout the quarter resulting in share increases in the notebook and desktop markets. As a result of this increased demand for our products, the company was also able to accelerate the transition to newer platforms while reducing the inventory of lower margin legacy platforms. As we mentioned last quarter, we are encouraged by the progress of our product transitions and the accelerating ramp of new notebook and desktop products namely in the 2 1/2 inch 250 GB per platter and the 3 1/2 in GB per platter products. We expect the ongoing transition of these new product platforms to provide the foundation for continued improvement of gross margins into fiscal 2010.  Opportunities for mid to long term improvements that will support margin accretion as well as top line revenue growth include the following; in sales and product line management. First optimizing the product portfolio and mix for profitability, second better discipline around and senior management control of demand generation activities and third better management of inventory during product transitions. In operations and development, first improved absorption from capacity reductions and utilization rates, second greater integration of Seagate components, third improved execution on product and component ramp to yield and fourth, broader leveraging of our core technologies across products. Going forward, we expect further organizational restructuring before the end of fiscal year 2009. We believe this action, coupled with the restructuring and improvements mentioned earlier will allow us to achieve a cost structure that supports our operating expense projections. In addition we are looking at opportunities throughout the business to significantly decrease operating expenses and continually improve business processes. Through improved leverage of our processes and investments, we can position the company for sustained leadership and profitability. As a result, our long term gross margin is 18% to 24% on a revenue base of approximately $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion per quarter, assuming a more stable macro economic environment. With that, let me turn the call over to Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Dave has been with Seagate for 13 years in a series of executive management roles and enterprise desktop and notebook product development and most recently as head of our global operations.
Dave Mosley: Before I provide details on the current market environment, I'd like to give a quick description of the organizational changes we have made. As Steve indicated we've been repositioning the organization to address the current demand environment and simplifying and improving business processes.  We have identified a few key areas of immediate focus. First, optimizing the product road maps and mix for profitability by accelerating new product transitions, second, improving business processes around demand generation activities and finally, effective inventory management during product transitions. The functional organization structure provides the process leverage that was the foundation of our model before and had been less efficient in our recent business unit structure.  Now I'll provide some market commentary. Specific to the March quarter, Seagate shipped 38.4 million units against an overall industry total available market of approximately 112 million units, both of which were higher than the company expected at the beginning of the quarter. The increase in industry TAM was primarily a function of adjusting the supply chain that was depleted as days of supply levels exiting the calendar year that did not support end user demand. Throughout the quarter we were able to meet demand increases from customers in the notebook and desktop markets which drove significant share gains in both markets. Product mix was less favorable than planned as we shipped higher volumes of lower capacity product. We did receive a benefit from this as we were able to sell through our older inventory which positioned us to move to our newer, more cost effective platforms. Finally, pricing for the March quarter was in aggregate less aggressive than we had planned. Now I'll give some detail on individual markets. In the enterprise space the TAM in the March quarter was approximately 5.6 units which was down roughly 20% quarter over quarter. Seagate maintained its leadership position in this space during the quarter, shipping 3.4 million units. We believe this current TAM is stabilized at these levels largely due to replacement demand in the IT sectors.  As a result, for the June quarter we are expecting the overall enterprise market demand to be flat sequentially. While it's difficult to predict when, we do foresee growth returning to this market based on the continued increase in content creation in the enterprise. Specific to solid state drives in the enterprise, penetration has begun in the highly transactional work load environments today representing less than 5% of the total enterprise storage by revenue and less than 1% of if by shipments. We believe this will grow and expect to participate in this market in fiscal 2010. The TAM in the desktop computer market for the March quarter was approximately 52 million units. We believe Seagate gained significant share in this market as we shipped an industry leading 22 million units during the quarter. Adoption of our more cost effective 500 GB per platter configurations is progressing well. For the June quarter we expect the desktop compute TAM to be relatively flat sequentially.  We are also encouraged by the consistency in the consumer electronics market where we shipped 3.9 million units in the DVR applications which was essentially flat quarter over quarter. With regards to the mobile compute market, the overall TAM was approximately 39 million units in the March quarter and Seagate shipped 8.9 million units resulting in significant market share increases. As I mentioned earlier, we did experience strong demand for lower capacity products in this market and we were able to meet that demand. The movement of this inventory better positions Seagate for the ongoing transition to the 250 GB per platter 2.5 inch platform this quarter. That 250 GB per disk per platform is transitioning well which Bob will discuss in a moment, but I'd like to point out that we believe our non captive, i.e. non branded market share of 500 GB two disk products was comparable to the competition in number of units shipped. We expect the June quarter for the mobile compute market to exhibit a seasonal decrease in unit demand. In branded solutions we are encouraged by our ongoing market share growth and acceptance of our products. We grew our branded solutions revenue sequentially in both 3.5 inch and 2.5 inch form factors at a faster rate than the market and we reduced inventory.  Finally, the newly reorganized sales and product line management organization is focused on continued operational improvement in the areas in our control that could contribute to our margin recovery. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Whitmore to provide an update on our operations and development.
Robert Whitmore: I'll start with an update on products and technology followed by operations and then finally an outlook for capital spending. As I stated last quarter, we had not been satisfied with the consistency of our product execution in recent quarters and have been working to resolve that issue. I'm happy to report that we continue to see steady improvement in executing to our strategy of sustained product and technology leadership. While we are pleased with our progress this will remain the highest priority and believe there is room for more improvement. Last quarter, I reported the progress towards introducing the industry's highest arial density into our notebook, desktop and enterprise platforms. Today my report is focused on the product transition of those platforms. With the majority of our customer qualifications now complete, the factories are concentrating on converting to these higher arial density products. To give you a feel for our transition progress, I will provide you with a combined production percentage of our desktop 500 GB per platter and our notebook 250 GB per platter products versus the previous generation. We exited the December quarter at under 5% of production for the new versus old products. Exiting the June quarter, we expect that number to be in excess of 50% new versus old. Our focus this quarter will continue to be on product line transitions, yield improvement, factory ramps and sustained quality growth. Both our new desktop and notebook product yields support our plans to rapidly convert the factories to high volume production. I would also add that both of these platforms and qualified and shipping with internal and external heads and media.  As for enterprise, our new 10,000 and 15,000 rpm products are fully qualified and largely transitioned within the factories. In addition to our industry leading enterprise product lines, we remain committed to solid state development and are on tract to deliver our first enterprise SSD product shipments later this calendar year. We have increased our development focus on solid state and will continue to invest the appropriate resources to be successful in this emerging storage market. Overall, customer qualifications, the factory transitions of our new products are progressing well and will play an important role in improving margins and driving sustained product leadership. I would now like to provide some insight into Seagate's manufacturing operations. Over the last six months, while the macro economic conditions deteriorated, and demand for disk drives contracted rapidly, we have been adapting our manufacturing operations accordingly. Since the beginning of our fiscal year, we have reduced head count and support structure across our manufacturing sites. Simultaneously we have adjusted our factory lay outs and taking capital off line consistent with that structural reduction. We are currently reviewing operations to further reduce the company's fixed overhead cost structure going forward. This will continue to be reviewed in the coming quarter. In regards to capital investments, we are on tract to achieve the targets we communicated last quarter. We continue to minimize our capital spending consistent with the current demand environment and therefore most capital investment going forward will be targeted primarily at technology transitions. As such, capital investments for the March quarter were $59 million which supports our outlook for fiscal year 2009 of approximately $650 million. Our outlook for fiscal year 2010 has been reduced from last quarter's forecast. We believe we can believe our capital investments at approximately $450 million in fiscal year 2010 while continuing the necessary investments in our core technology. We will continue to evaluate both the manufacturing strategy and the capital outlook as the demand environment evolves. In summary, my team remains focused on sustained product and technology leadership, maximizing our scale and leverage to Seagate components and optimizing our manufacturing structure.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Pat O'Malley.
Patrick O'Malley: You'll find the company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance and other supplemental information in the investor relations section of Seagate's website at seagate.com. We said in January that our priority in the near term would be improving liquidity and strengthening the balance sheet. Significant progress was made over the last three months so I'd like to touch on some of the many actions we have taken. First, we successfully amended the terms and conditions of our revolving credit facility including adjustments to the financial covenants that we believe provide flexibility to fund the restructuring needed to reduce the company's cost structure and continue to invest in technology. Second, last week we issued $430 of senior second lien secured debt. The proceeds are expected to be utilized to address upcoming debt maturities. This should not be viewed as incremental debt added to the capital structure. Third, we have ceased quarterly dividends which will enable the company to reduce annual cash flow by approximately $230 million.  And fourth, the company did an outstanding job of optimizing working capital specifically inventory, which yielded a significant increase to the cash balance during the quarter. Taken all together, these actions better position the company to address it's near and mid term debt obligations. Now I'll cover some of the details. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investment ended the quarter at $1.5 billion, up $172 million from the previous quarter. It should be noted the company paid in aggregate approximately $150 million in cash restructuring, dividends and interest during the March quarter. Cash flow from operations was $239 million for the quarter, while free cash flow defined as cash from operations less capital expenditures was $180 million. Depreciation and amortization for the March quarter was $226 million including approximately $16 million of purchased intangibles amortizations and $11 million for accelerated depreciation related to the fixed assets at facilities we previously announced were closing. Cash conversion metrics are as follows: day sales outstanding was 37, days payable outstanding was 63 and days inventory outstanding was 26 for a cash conversion cycle of zero days, an improvement of 15 days compared to the prior quarter. The improvement in DSO reflects revenue linearity and a higher percentage of revenue from the distribution channel. Looking forward, we expect the cash conversion cycle to move back toward the low double digit range and DSO normalizes and inventory turns stabilize in the 11 to 13 range. Inventory turns improved from 10 to almost 14 as the company tightly managed production and used the steady demand throughout the quarter to significantly work down the inventory of older, more costly product configurations. Inventory in aggregate decreased by $219 million or 28% compared to the prior quarter as finished goods decreased $116 million and work in process and raw materials decreased by $51 million. Distribution channel for Seagate products once again ended the four weeks using a four week training average. We believe inventory of Seagate products in the distribution channel is appropriately aligned with the near term demand environment. Now I'll provide some comments regarding the March quarter financial results. For the March quarter, Seagate's unit shipments were 38.4 million, up 5% compared to the prior quarter while down 10% compared to a year ago quarter.  Reported revenue for the quarter was $2.1 billion above our expectations due primarily to improved demand for 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch Seagate products, a modestly higher overall total available market and slightly favorable pricing primarily in the retail branded market. Offsetting these favorable items was a lower capacity mix in the desktop and enterprise markets. Gross margins for the March quarter decreased by approximately 700 basis points compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to lower factory utilization as we aggressively managed inventory, a 20% reduction in the enterprise unit TAM and the sell through of older products in inventory. R&D and SG&A totaled $377 million for the March quarter and include costs related to acquisitions of $2 million and accelerated depreciation of $11 million related to our closing of the Pittsburg research center. During the March quarter, we recorded an additional $25 million of restructuring charges that substantially relates to global headcount reduction actions. Now, I will address the business outlook for the June quarter. While there are signs of improved visibility the ongoing uncertainty in the global economic conditions make it difficult to predict product demand and other related matters which makes it more likely that Seagate's actually results could differ materially from expectations. For planning purposes, the company expects the overall demand for disk drives to be relatively flat as compared to the March quarter and the pricing environment to be consistent with historical June levels. Specifically, the company expects the following; revenue to be approximately to be $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion, gross margins for the June quarter to improve by 300 to 400 basis points as we continue to transition volume to the new product platforms and improve factory utilization rates.  Product development and SG&A costs are expected to be approximately $340 million in the June quarter, down approximately 18% compared to the year ago quarter. Other income and expense to be a net expense of approximately $40 million and a book tax expense due to discrete items in the range of zero to $15 million. As such, the company expects a loss per share of $0.37 to $0.47 which includes charges of approximately $41 million of costs or $0.08 per share for restructuring, purchase intangibles. amortization and other charges associated with acquisitions. As part of the company's ongoing cost structure alignment, additional restructuring actions are currently being addressed. The company believes opportunities exist to reduce operating costs and product development, marketing, administrative and manufacturing areas to target a cost structure that generates positive cash flow and earnings with fiscal year 2010. The estimated cost of additional restructuring activities has yet to be determined. Consequently, the company expects to incur additional restructuring charges in the June quarter of an undetermined amount. That concludes my remarks for today.
Steve Luczo: On behalf of the management team, I'd like to thank Seagate employees around the world for their continued commitment and effort during this time of change, and I'd also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners, investors for their ongoing support, collaboration and confidence in Seagate. We're ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: A couple of times you mentioned having products in the SSD space. I was hoping your could flush that out a little bit. What's Seagate, how are you going to drive value in that area? How do you compete with your existing products in terms of margins in the enterprise space?
Steve Luczo: We're not disclosing specific product strategy there yet, but I think we can articulate it enough to say that as we look at the margin analysis from our viewpoint today, leveraging the expertise that we have in the enterprise market which is where we think the SSD is going to play first, for us at least, that a lot of the value obviously relates to things other than heads and disks. Of course there will be a lot more competitors in there with significant market share. So writing to different media while providing maybe some different technical challenges, we still think that there's a great margin opportunity for us and it shouldn't be ultimately that different than what we get in the enterprise sector today. Again, I think SSD is really fast memory and we think anything that improves performance of systems will then also drive additional storage which would also probably drive the necessary requirement of greater storage behind it which would most likely be in rotating magnetic's. So it's the hierarchy that we're looking at and we'll basically be rolling out a product strategy through the rest of the fiscal year 2010. 
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Just so I'm clear, I think you said before the end of the calendar year you'll be rolling out products in the SSD side? Did I hear that correctly?
Steve Luczo: It will be in fiscal year 2010 and I think just depending on some of the issues that we're working with our customers on, I don't really want to disclose specifically the timing, but it's the end of 2009 or the beginning of 2010 because a lot of it relates to the work we're doing with specific customers. But it's 2010 event.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: You mentioned OpEx is $340 million and then additional restructuring. Is there any color that you can or want to add on how OpEx unfolds post the June quarter and then obviously the fourth?
Patrick O'Malley: We talked about this last week, but our intent is to drive an OpEx model of under $300 million per quarter. We aim to do that more near term than longer term, but as I said we're going through and addressing our plans but hope to have those underpinned shortly and we can come to the mark and be very clear, but the target is to get that under $300 million in short order.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Rob Ferro – Carris & Company]
[Rob Ferro – Carris & Company]: On your depreciation is still even X items call it $200 million a quarter. It's a lot higher than it was a few years ago. Is that the type of thing where there's anything you can do to try to bring that down in terms of asset write downs, that sort of thing just because I would imagine that's a pretty big weight on your gross margin even though maybe it's a cash flow cushion. Is there anything you can do there to try to get that number down? A question on desktop units, I had some people ask, you went another quarter with really low channel inventory. You had a nice rebound in desktop units. I guess any indication of channel inventory coming out of it and how do you feel comfortable that you didn't over ship?
Patrick O'Malley: On depreciation, obviously one way to lower depreciation is lower your CapEx which we're in the process of doing. Last year we added $980 million. This year we're targeting $650 million and next year around $450 million. So that's obviously the easy answer. Now as we go through the factory utilization and we look at excess capacity, as we shut down facilities we certainly would be required to write those off as in the January action that we did was primary cash related, it was people related. And so there was no facilities, but as we go through this factory footprint, there will be opportunities to write that depreciation off. But first and foremost is to preserve cash, so as Bob highlighted, we're driving the factory the most effective utilization today, will draft the overhead of the depreciation and existing depreciation as we continue to rationalize our footprint.
[Rob Ferro – Carris & Company]: Do you have any kind of depreciation target for fiscal 2010 yet or is that too early?
Patrick O'Malley: That would be too early given that some of that would tie into restructuring plans, but we certainly as that comes through will be able to clarify that. But as I said, first and foremost is driving down the CapEx will clearly start flowing through the numbers next year.
Dave Mosley: I'll answer your question on the channel inventory. The 3.5 inch like we said at the start of the quarter there was some rebound that occurred in the channel that lasted through January, but I think some of that was temporary replenishment of inventory positions that were very low going into the quarter. We exited the quarter with below four weeks in the channel, well within our goals so we think we're on track right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: I just want to confirm your comments around the fiscal 2010 profitability goal and the confirmation is you are not looking for a revenue uptick, rather can hit that profitability with the cost plans you have in place and just confirm that. And then on the back of it, if we do see a seasonal uptick in unit shipments in the second half of this calendar year, is it possible to actually hit break even or even a slight profit in the first half of fiscal 2010?
Steve Luczo: The answer is yes to the first part. I think you said the cost plans in place. I think that is and to be announced, but if you include that in your statement, the answer is yes to the first question. And to the second question, the answer is yes as well.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: And given how important the enterprise is to margin performance, can you just comment on whether you've seen any signs of stabilization or even an uptick in the enterprise business in recent weeks?
Steve Luczo: I don't want to kind of address it specifically in terms of recent weeks because the enterprise customer base is fairly narrow and we don't like talking about our customers. But I think a more general statement, we believe that corporations and IT infrastructure has probably been aggressively managed and is likely to be aggressively managed until people see better traction in the overall macro economic condition. Therefore, while I think there's been signs of improvement certainly in the last several weeks or even a couple of months globally, I think most companies and people running companies would say until that continues for at least a period longer than one or two quarters, it's probably hard to imagine that things are going to improve drastically in terms of the people letting the capital flow which would obviously impact some of the broader based computing systems. So our view is probably relatively flat for the next quarter or two. I think the encouraging part of the enterprise segment is we do believe that is more likely to come back in a more of a step function format with maybe some pops in demand that are more dramatic than notebook and desktop where the return of growth is probably more gradual.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: You did a good job taking share in the branded business in 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch. Any reason to believe that market share traction is not sustainable into the second quarter?
Steve Luczo: I think as Dave pointed out, I think the share gains were a function of two things. One was our ability to deliver some of the legacy products that were lower capacity and we see as you a shift down to some of the lower capacity products. But the other point which I think is just as important is the traction with our new products, both the 250 on the 2.5 inch and the 500 on the 3.5 inch and we expect that with our continued improvement and ramp yields on that and qualifications with customers that that's a product offering that if you compare it to a year ago, certainly is much more compelling and competitive from a competitive perspective. So we would expect that we can continue to execute there, basically offering good products. This is not related to trying to buy market share. It's just by executing a good product delivery.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Kugele – Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: As you look at your manufacturing mix of 2.5 inch versus notebook, where are you relative to where you think the market could be a year from now? Obviously desktop has been replaced by notebooks in many situations but 3.5 inch goes still into other applications so for overall footprint when you're talking about consolidation is this an element of it or do you think you have the right mix now? Any comments on that relative mix within your manufacturing.
Robert Whitmore: We do see the transition between 3.5 and 2.5. That's a part of the equation but not the whole factor. It really depends on where we end up with overall TAM's I think in large part. So I think that's a factor. We've got manufacturing equipment that's pretty flexible and we can manage between the two form factors pretty readily. But I think the footprint is going to be determined more by what we end up with max capacity in the quarter. I think as we go through the next couple of years that may become more of a factor but certainly in the next year, probably a larger part of just overall TAM per quarter.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Obviously this downturn has affected everyone but sometimes the effect is a little magnified as you move further into the supply chain. Have you seen anything within the substrate world for example or any other components that has given you pause?
Robert Whitmore: No, I think as we've gone through this macro economic downturn we stayed real close to our suppliers. Obviously we're in what I call an over capacity position across the board. We don't see any issues with regards to substrates, be it glass or aluminum and we're in pretty good position here for the next couple of quarters unless things significantly change.
Steve Luczo: It's one of the areas of the industry really if you think about the TAM going from 150 million units to 112 million or wherever it settles for the March quarter, that the industry is actually managed itself extremely well in terms of adjusting to that drop off and as we talked about last quarter, so much of that drop off actually occurred in about a three week period, not really a six month period, and obviously our customers adjusted their supply chain and the drive industry adjusted it, and the supply chain behind it had to adjust it, and as you mentioned as you go further down the supply chain, the more pressures exist. But really as an industry, really nothing really broke which is actually pretty impressive I think and most companies at this point have adjusted to the point where the new TAM's are where people are trying to balance supply and demand and work business models that are cash flow positive and earnings positive at these levels so I think thus far the industry has reacted quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey – Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: How much if any of the weakness in traditional enterprise drives do you think is due from a more permanent shift to Sada rather than a weaker end demand environment?
Dave Mosley: I think to answer your question the weakness that we've seen in the last couple of quarters in mission critical is not correlated to business critical, what we call business critical. The business critical space is we think that the TAM is down about 22% quarter over quarter but mission critical itself which is what I spoke to as enterprise was probably more influenced by IT spend directly that the transactional spaces and then I'll call it the highest capacity boxes. The business critical side was down as a function of some macro economic stuff that started two quarters or three quarters earlier relative to the cloud compute space. We think that side if any will come back first based on pent up demand and its a trend we're watching, but the comment that I made earlier, we weren't correlating the two.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about the gross margins of the drives that you sell that go into notebooks relative to your other product lines and your notebook drives?
Patrick O'Malley: We don't break margins that specifically but obviously a notebook space that's growing in this and we design products to try and hit the acceptable margin in each segment.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Does that mean that you have comparable gross margins with the products designed for notebooks?
Patrick O'Malley: We think we get acceptable gross margins for a target market application. 
Steve Luczo: I think the good thing about the notebook is again, we're actually probably at the end of the day as focused or more focuses on gross profit dollars than gross margins. Gross profit dollars is what basically funds our operating expense structure and as you know our operating expense structure is now returning to one that is saying how do we leverage our R&D and factories across all of our product lines. So it's a model that really says, does that market offer the opportunity for additional gross profit dollars that fund the incremental leverage off of the underlying investment and the answer is absolutely. That's just more units going out the door that does lots of things for us in terms of absorption on heads and media, leveraging our overall R&D expense whether that's component or drive related and puts more compute power in the hands of more people that are hooking up to basically a big sky full of disc drives somewhere.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: You talked about your normalized target rates as far as gross margins of 18% to 24% and $2.2 billion or $2.5 billion in revenue threshold, can you give us a little more though kind of going off Rich's question in terms of the mix. How should we think about the mix a year or two out? Is there going to be kind a step function down away from the enterprise maybe because of the data compression technologies, virtualization, maybe provisioning hurting you guys also solid state drive and thereby it's going to be really based on just an ultra focus on bill materials, leaner cost structure in the notebook, in the branded and probably solid state drives. How should we think about it?
Steve Luczo: I guess I certainly accept the second half of that. We want to make sure that we're optimizing our cost structure for the product categories that you talked about, but I guess the first part of it, I don't know that I could sit here today and view what the world might look like three years from now. But I would say again if anything for example, solid state storage, that's fast memory and if what you're doing is saying that you have a big block of fast memory, that means it needs somehow to have a big block of data in there to munch. And once it munches that data what exactly is it going to do with that data spit it out into the air? It's going to go put it back on the rotating magnetic drives that it came from and to the extent that they're making systems that are more and more capable of doing that affordably across more and more application spaces, that's a good thing for us, and particularly because we're going to play in the SSD space. Whether or not it goes tier one, tier two, to tier zero to tier two we can argue about it. We could see what happens once the systems people really decide. Right now the only architecture we really have seen from the storage subsystems companies, the host computer companies are the server companies are really still architecting those systems but at the end of the day what those systems are really about is being more efficient in terms of driving better application utilization which really means more data. And I think you hit a good point. On virtualization, people thought that server virtualization was going to impact storage negatively and in fact we believe if anything it probably helped storage because it just meant that there was more processing power which meant therefore people needed more data to process. So I think that whole scheme is to play out and as we manage our portfolio going forward I think the more critical point is for us to keep engaged with those enterprise level customers to make sure that we're offering a complete suite of products. So in that sense, our product line will remain the most extensive and broadest. How it really mixes in terms of contribution margin at the operating level, it's to be seen. But I still think all of this is beneficial for us as basically new technologies are deployed.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: So you really don't think there's a need for any major structural change in the revenue model. The reason I ask is I know you're just throwing this out as kind of a base line as far as the quarterly run rate to give us better mile post and we do appreciate it but as I look back these are revenue thresholds that haven't been touched since 2002 for the most part so I understand and appreciate how we're in a real tough period and it's going to take a few years probably to get back to 2005 or 2006 levels for the industry but to think about you guidance run rate going back even seven, eight years, I think some investors may walk away and say there's something structurally changed. It kind of gets back to David's question about the enterprise.
Steve Luczo: Let me clarify that because that's how you interpret it. That wasn't really the direction. I think what every company is struggling with right now is where is the new new and because there doesn't appear to be enough data in the world to say that we're at a bottom, or that there's enough traction being gained basically in the banking system yet to understand that the global economies are going to be basically able to re-gear at these levels or lower or where. As we look at what happened last quarter and still from a planning purposes in terms of how we structure our company, we're not planning on revenue bailing us out. So we're structuring our company so that if the current macro economic environment persists again into 2010, that this company can cash flow and be earnings positive. You're asking kind of a different questions which is what we're trying to provide some visibility on is from what we've seen over the last few months, where does the company look like coming out of this thing, if it comes out of this thing in the summer of 2010, then I could see the company being in a 2.2 to 2.5 revenue rate and then growing from there. So my message isn't that this isn't a 2.2 to 2.5 company and that's where it stays, but we're trying to give people an idea of where does it likely gain traction and that number could change positively or negatively over the next six months depending on how the summer goes. The December quarter was a quarter that as we described, basically stopped functioning somewhere around December 10 and I think the concern about March was, was March going to be a three month quarter or not? And we came up to March 15 and demand had pretty much been stable if not building through the quarter in different markets and on March 15 things continued strong and everybody held their breath and said well maybe it's March 20th when everybody says we don't want anything. And the reality is we actually got stronger pulls through the end of the month as opposed to decreasing and then the orders for Q4 continued to build through March and we actually had to build inventory and carry inventory from March so we could fill April demand. If June turns out to be a three month quarter and September turns out to be a three month quarter, then I think our confidence level of being able to articulate what the revenue range looks like and ability to get to the gross margins that we're indentifying increases, but this is what we're just telling your now.  So it wasn't supposed to be a message of negativism. If anything I was thinking it was better than when we started at $1.6 billion to $2 billion a quarter ago.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: In terms of the gross margin commentary, can you help us out a little more? I think a lot of us out there have been talking lately about the manufacturing yields. Can you maybe walk us through the desktop and the notebook in terms of the new product platforms, where you think it is and are you at the 50% threshold going to 75% to 80% in terms of yields, and how should we thing about that time to really get the gross margins back up into the mid teens?
Robert Whitman: First of all, I'd just tell you because of competitive reasons we don't give specific yield numbers. There has been some discussion that our yields were on the low side like below 50% and that's not true. They're well above 50%. They're in a range where we can execute a ramp in the factories. Obviously when you're going through a new technology transition, you don't have mature technologies so we're not to that point yet. But we're in a position where we can execute the transition and set ourselves up to be in a position for next quarter and the next several quarters at the mature yields that we should be. So I'd say that this quarter is a transition mode. We're growing the yields in the factories, but we're certainly in a position to make the transition and convert. And that's really what we've been doing. Last quarter was all about qualification completion. This quarter it's all about transitioning through the older products and into the new and next quarter it's all about being as secure as we can with the new products. I'll add one element that as Steve said, on the quicker transition of older than new that's much more important than yield. Now obviously you have to have acceptable yield to transition but taking out heads and disks are much more valuable to the margin accretion. So as we transition these newer products, that element of lowering the build materials will be much more important as we drive the margin accretion. I want to clarify I think you have to go to 2006 to see the $8 billion to $10 billion revenue range, so I'm not sure it went back to 2002. I don't have my numbers in front of me but I think it's closer to 2005 or 2006.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: On the cash flow perspective, do you think maybe the inventory level that Seagate has become rather lean and you may have to build up some inventory in June and would that result in possibly negative cash in the June quarter?
Patrick O'Malley: Obviously running a zero cash conversion cycle as proud as I am to how we managed cash, I'm not necessary signed up to it and say there's elements to that but by inventory this quarter we had a specific plan to drive to this level. In fact we probably ran a little higher to support April's demand so I think we'll continue to manage inventory effectively as we've done. We'll add a little more onto the books. That will really depend on how we see July but we'll make that trade off all day long on how to supply what's in front of us versus what's on the balance sheet. We think we're still in a position to do that.  It certainly may go 11 to 13 versus the 14, but we feel very comfortable how we're managing our inventory right now.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: It sounds like you don't really have to not build back a lot of inventory beyond what happens with demand so you should still be able to be positive cash, you should be able to generate cash in the June quarter as well?
Patrick O'Malley: We targeted maybe getting into a cash conversion cycle [inaudible] that would imply using cash from the balance sheet from operations certainly from what we've done this quarter we certainly would be up 400 basis points and we will continue to manage the balance sheet very tightly, but we'll do those trade offs as we see appropriate what volume is in front of us as we end the quarter.
Operator: Your final question comes from Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Could you give us the details with regard to, you gave three items effectively driving the meaningful decline in the gross margin, utilization, enterprise mix as well as sell through of inventory. Can you break down and give us some color of what the contributions were from each of those?
Patrick O'Malley: I'd say in order of magnitude and that's probably a fair way to look at it and so we're certainly addressing the utilization in the factory with the depreciation and overhead, we're certainly managing our cash. We'll continue to look at our footprint, but utilization of our factory, whether it's people, whether it's the footprint of overhead, that's certainly we're challenged on that in the short term, but we continue to look at that. Obviously with our strength in the enterprise business, that's a significant element of our business model and so we're aligning the business appropriately to support whatever the new new is and we've seen where we think the bottom may be. And then as we transition as Bob talked about into new products, it's about half the magnitude of the other two. It certainly has a quick tail to start driving the accretions so I'd say as much as driving the accretion you want to put some quantification is that product transition and then slight factory utilization. But the product transitions are the quicker tail to recovery. The footprint and the enterprise will be a longer tail to recovery.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: The retail business looks like it showed actually some sequential relative out performance, pretty strong results on a sequential basis. Can you talk a little bit about what you're doing there relative to your competitor?
Steve Luczo: I think in the branded space you're right. I think it's actually for the last couple of quarters we've been gaining more share and I think it's probably just better execution in terms of the product offerings that we have and better management into the customer base and identifying the key customers where shelf space is really critical and servicing those customers with good product and good support around the product. So we expect that that would probably continues.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: With regard to you talking about the 250 Gig ram, I believe that the next step from a technology perspective is 320 and I think one of the merchant providers out there noting that that's more of a mid 2009 inflection point. Can you say at this point where you're at in terms of 320 per platter and the 2.5 inch drive?
Steve Luczo: We're not going to disclose that obviously for competitive reasons and again, we feel that with our 250 and 500 it seems to us we're certainly doing well relative to the competition and we're focused right now on getting our customers up and running on that platform. That transition is key for us here in the next six months so we obviously continue to pay attention to the products in development that will basically replace these products when they become legacy, but they're just babies in the carriage right now. I think we'll just get them walking and running and worry about the new guys next.
Operator: That concludes Seagate's' conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Stephen J. Luczo - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President Robert Whitmore - Chief Operating Officer  Patrick O'Malley – Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Brian Dexheimer - Division President for Consumer Solutions Kurt Richards - Executive Vice President of Sales and Customer Service
Analysts: Richard Kugele - Needham & Company Min Park - Goldman Sachs Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities Mike Lanier - AIG Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets [Unidentified Analyst] - Bank of Montreal
Operator:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's fiscal second quarter 2009 preliminary financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) This conference call contains forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements related to the company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statements, including any references to the savings we may achieve under our recently announced cost reduction plan as well as impact of the impairment charges we may take with regard to our goodwill and other long-lived assets, are based upon information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2008 and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2008. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Steve Luczo, CEO. Please go ahead.
Stephen J. Luczo:  Thank you, [Wesley]. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Whitmore, who heads R&D and manufacturing operations, Brian Dexheimer, head of our Consumer Solutions Division, and Kurt Richards, head of our Global Sales.  Before we get to results of the second quarter, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss some of the announcements we've made over the past couple of weeks, as well as to discuss the challenges posed by the current business environment. I'll then give you my perspective on our business going forward before turning the call over to Bob and Pat. We are currently experiencing one of the most dramatic economic downturns of our generation. Macroeconomic trends are worse than what anyone expected even just a few months ago. While we continue to firmly believe that Seagate has a solid future and we view the long-term prospects for storage to be positive, there are significant short-term challenges facing Seagate. Companies of all types, regardless of size or industry, are being negatively impacted by this global downturn, and most of these businesses, large and small, are significant consumers of storage and therefore of Seagate's products. Due to the ever-changing and declining economic environment, the Board determined that now is the appropriate time to make changes in the leadership team, to facilitate quicker changes in organizational structure and to implement other actions to regain our position as the leading provider of storage devices across all markets. The entire Board and the management team have the highest regard for Bill Watkins and for his many contributions to Seagate. Bill's advice and his efforts to ensure a smooth transition are much appreciated and will help us in this acceleration of change.  We also announced last week that Dave Wickersham has resigned from the company as President and COO. Bob Whitmore has assumed the additional operational responsibilities previously performed by Dave. Bob has been with Seagate for 22 years and is an important member of our leadership team. In his expanded role he is now responsible for all research and development and global disc storage operations. I am pleased that Bob will assume these additional duties in his role going forward.  I will now briefly review the restructuring program that was announced last week. In fiscal 2006 Seagate began an expansion program to meet rising customer demand. In recent months, however, the market has contracted sharply, and when combined with some market share loss, revenues have declined significantly. In order to adapt our business model to the new economic conditions, we have implemented a series of necessary changes.  In early fiscal 2008, Seagate commenced a restructuring program that to date includes the closure of our recording media facilities in Milpitas, California and Limavady, Northern Ireland, and the announcement of the closure of our research facility in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Recent actions also include a reduction in our global work force, company wide salary reductions, and other cost reduction actions that we believe will result in annual savings in excess of $300 million. These actions are part of a comprehensive plan to align the company's cost structure with the current economic reality. Pat will be addressing this in more detail later in the call. We continue to remain focused on building liquidity and strengthening our balance sheet by taking actions to reduce capital spending, lower operating expenses, and to align production with demand to control inventory at appropriate levels. Today we also announced that the Board voted to reduce the quarterly dividend to $0.03 per share effective immediately. Reducing the dividend is expected to save approximately $175 million of cash over the next 12 months. Let me spend a few minutes talking about my perspective on our business. We understand that the issues we are facing today are not solely the result of macroeconomic pressures. I believe we have the right resources in place, but that we haven't executed at the level that we are capable of. After demonstrating sustained areal density leadership through a number of product generations, we decided to manage areal density growth in an attempt to optimize our product portfolio and R&D investment. This decision resulted in products that were less competitive in some markets, as overhead technologies advanced at rates greater than our estimates. Our technology assets, investments and capabilities remain intact, but we have not been efficient in deploying those technologies through the last two product cycles.  In addition, our internal execution issues were compounded by the macroeconomic environment, which we believe will continue to be challenging through calendar 2009 and potentially into the first half of calendar 2010.  Moving forward we need to optimize our leadership systems for faster decision-making and we need to increase the competitiveness and value of our product portfolio by better capitalizing on our core technologies. We will continue to adjust production to a level in line with our current estimates of the total available market. We will continue to structure our business to focus on building liquidity and strengthening the balance sheet so that we are competitive throughout a period that may reflect extended macroeconomic decline.  To the extent that business conditions are more favorable than what we currently anticipate, we can scale reasonably to address growth. We believe a positive change in the economy will be gradual and that we have the right relationships with those customers that are positioned to see an economic upturn earliest.  We believe that Seagate has a solid future. We need to make smarter and faster decisions and execute better and we will. We are committed to implementing actions that will result in Seagate being the clear leader in storage devices across all markets, providing our customers with the industry's leading technology, highest performance and highest quality products, and using our scale and technology to be the most advanced and lowest-cost manufacturer in the industry. Seagate has achieved and sustained this level of performance before and we believe we can attain it again as we re-focus on advancing areal density and accelerating deployment of our technology into our manufacturing base. Efforts along this line have started to produce positive results. Six months ago we began addressing the issues associated with our product and technology portfolio as well as the company's structure. We've built positive momentum in recent months, providing us with significant opportunities moving forward. Bob will address these improvements in more detail in a few minutes. The current environment certainly presents challenges, but as historically demonstrated, the fundamental core strengths that Seagate possesses when fully leveraged result in the company's leadership in technology, products, cost and financial performance. We are confident in our ability to execute at these leadership levels as we continue our efforts for improvement. I'll now turn the call over to Bob, who will highlight some of our product initiatives, technology and operations. 
Robert Whitmore:  Thanks, Steve. Before I provide you with an update on our products, technology and operations, I'd like to give you a brief background of my career and my perspective on the company's technology and operational priorities as we move forward. I started my career with Seagate over 20 years ago as an engineer within the Enterprise side of the business. Most recently I've been focused on product development, but through the years I've led nearly every R&D organization and many of the operational teams throughout the company, including management positions at our operations in Asia.  I also know from my overall experience at Seagate that our greatest asset is our people, and I have a clear understanding of their capabilities and dedication. Having engaged with the global operations team, I believe we continue to be well positioned with advanced, low-cost manufacturing technologies, and I'm excited about the opportunity to lead this part of the business. I'll now provide an update of our products and technology, followed by an outlook of our capital spending.  We have not been satisfied with the consistency of our product and technology execution. We recognized this several quarters ago and have been addressing it directly. Today I'm encouraged to say that we're making measurable progress to that end. Specific to areal density leadership, our accelerated plans to deliver the industry's highest capacity per platter drives are starting to show tangible results. Last month we successfully launched the industry's first 7200 rpm 500 gigabyte per platter 3.5 inch product. Both desktop and CE versions are now released and being qualified. Additionally, our 5400 rpm 250 gigabyte per platter 2.5 inch drives have been shipping in volume for over a quarter and match the leading capacities in the industry today. We have also launched our 7200 rpm model at 250 gigabytes per platter.  Finally, in the Enterprise market we have now completed the refresh of our 2.5 inch product line, doubling capacity to 300 gigabytes. All major OEM qualifications are now complete.  Overall, we are making progress with our new product introductions; however, simply being at par with our competitors is not our goal. Our goal is to be the clear leader in areal density and product performance, and with these recent successes, we feel we are making progress across the entire portfolio. The product advancements we have made over the last six months are allowing us to recapture qualification positions with some of our key OEMs. This is a significant step in recovering our product leadership and growing market share. In the Enterprise market we remain the leader, and I'm encouraged with our current road map and position. This road map includes the commitment to solid state devices. We are set to deliver our first SSD product into Enterprise applications later this calendar year. SSDs and solid state technology are essential to our long-term product roadmaps, and we will maintain our investment levels to deliver leading technology as required by our current and future customers. Now I'd like to address our capital spend for fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010. Capital investments for December quarter were $214 million. Looking forward, for the balance of this fiscal year our level of capital spending will be greatly reduced as we have completed most of our head wafer conversion from 6 inch to the most cost effective 8 inch format. We continue to minimize our capital spending in line with the reduction we see in demand and the installed capacity we currently have in place.  Capital investment going forward will be targeted primarily at technology transitions. We expect capital investment for fiscal year 2009 to be approximately $650 million, a reduction of approximately $350 million from the outlook at the beginning of this fiscal year and $100 million reduced from the capital outlook we provided last quarter. Based on our perspective of the macroeconomic trends, we believe our capital investments for fiscal year 2010 will be below $500 million.  In summary, clear and sustained time to market, product leadership, superior quality, and world class manufacturing are the key areas of focus for my organization. Seagate's foundation is solid, and I am fully confident in the talent and capability of our employees. Our goal is deliver sustained leadership by leveraging our technology and manufacturing capabilities across all markets.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, Pat O'Malley.
Patrick O'Malley:  Thanks, Bob. You'll find the company's press release, 8-K, and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations sections of Seagate's website at Seagate.com. First let me provide some insight into how the industry's demand and pricing environment evolved during the quarter. The December quarter proved to be very challenging with industry demand degrading throughout the quarter. When the December quarter began, the total available market or TAM for hard drives was thought to be near 156 million units. Then at about 8 weeks into the quarter, the TAM was expected to be in the 135 million unit range. And now preliminary industry data indicates actual shipments for December quarter were somewhere around 123 million units. With this type of demand and supply imbalance, pricing was very competitive, especially in the 3.5 inch and 2.5 inch ATA markets, where we believe the industry experienced a second consecutive quarter of double-digit like-for-like price declines.  Now I'd like to discuss Seagate's preliminary financial results for the December quarter. These financial results are preliminary as the company has concluded that it is required to record a noncash impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of the company's goodwill and possibly other long-lived assets, which include purchased intangibles and property, equipment, and leasehold improvements.  The financial statements that will be included in the Form 10-Q that will be filed by the company for its fiscal second quarter of 2009 will differ from those issued today so as to reflect the outcome of this impairment analysis and any related tax impact. Seagate reported a net loss and a net loss per share for the December quarter of $496 million and $1.02 per share, respectively. Included in these results are the following items: $18 million of purchased intangibles amortization and other charges associated with acquisitions;  $94 million of restructuring related charges, and  A $271 million charge to reduce the valuation allowance related to the company's deferred tax assets.  The impact of these cash and non-cash items total approximately $383 million and approximately $0.79 per share. Note that the adjustment to the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets will not impact our cash taxes paid going forward.  For the December quarter, Seagate reported revenue of $2.3 billion, at the low end of our revised guidance, reflecting the project execution issues which we have previously mentioned, the continued softening in demand, and inventory drawdown throughout the PC supply chain and the more competitive pricing environment for the 3.5 inch and 2.5 inch ATA markets.  Seagate unit shipments for the quarter were 36.7 million, down 23% compared to the prior quarter.  In the December quarter we believe we lost approximately 2 points of market share. The factors that contributed to this are the continued transition of demand from 3.5 inch ATA to 2.5 inch ATA, where Seagate has meaningfully less market share, we chose not to participate in specific portions of the 3.5 inch market, and within the 2.5 inch ATA market, while our time to market 250 gig per platter product offerings continue to gain share and customers, the older product platform ceded share as our customers cut demand from the last supplier qualified, which was Seagate, before impacting those who were more timely to market.  Gross margins for the December quarter compressed in excess of 300 basis points, which reflected a more competitive pricing environment, lower unit demand leading to low levels of fixed cost absorption as we reduced build schedules significantly, and a higher cost structure on older products as Seagate continues to transition to newer, more cost-efficient product platforms.  R&D and SG&A totaled $377 million for the December quarter and included costs related to the acquisitions of $2 million and accelerated depreciation of $14 million related to our closing of the Pittsburgh research center. In addition to tight spending controls, similar to last quarter, R&D and SG&A was lower than planned due to the accounting treatment of the company's employee funded deferred compensation plan. As the plan's liabilities decreased again this quarter, a reduction was recorded in operating expenses while a corresponding increase was recorded in other income and expense. The net impact is essentially neutral to the P&L. Let me recap some information relating to the restructuring and cost saving actions disclosed by the company last week. First, the work force reduction totaled approximately 3,000 headcount and is expected to save $130 million annually. We will see the majority of this benefit in the June quarter. The expected restructuring charge for this action is approximately $90 million and is mostly for cash-based severance costs. Secondly, a salary reduction was enacted for nearly all professional employees on a sliding scale that is expected to save an additional $80 million annually. A portion of these savings will be reflected in our March quarter results. In addition to these actions, we recently completed the shutdown of the finish media operations in Milpitas and the aluminum substrate operations in Limavady, Northern Ireland. We are well into the plan that is expected to improve the efficiency of our research effort by moving much of the activity into existing product and component design centers, enabling Seagate to exit the Pittsburgh research facility. These restructuring actions I just mentioned are expected to eliminate in excess of $300 million of spending from the overall cost structure.  Additional cost savings outside the scope of these restructuring activities have been identified and have been enacted by the management team and are expected to significantly lower the cost structure of the company. Specifically, for product development and selling, general and administrative based on the actions implemented to date, our quarterly run rate spending level is expected to be approximately $340 million when full savings are realized in the June quarter. While the savings to date are significant, the management team will continue to evaluate and determine what further actions are necessary to properly align the company's cost structure with the current business environment. Now I will discuss the balance sheet, cash, cash flow and liquidity.  Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, up $156 million from the previous quarter. During the quarter, the company borrowed $350 million under the existing revolving credit facility. The Board's authorization of the reduction to our dividend mentioned earlier will improve our liquidity position. Going forward, the management team will continue to monitor the company's liquidity position and determine how to best prioritize the use of cash so as to position the company for long-term success. Cash flow from operations was $89 million for the quarter while free cash flow, defined as cash from operations less capital expenditures, was negative $125 million.  Depreciation and amortization for the December quarter was $228 million, including approximately $16 million of purchased intangibles amortization and $16 million for accelerated depreciation related to fixed assets at facilities we previously announced were closing.  Investments in capital for the first two quarters of fiscal 2009 totaled $494 million. The current expectation for fiscal 2009 capital investments has been reduced to approximately $650 million.  Looking forward, Seagate's capital investments will primarily be targeted at advancing technology and, as such, can likely be supported with an annual run rate of an amount less than $500 million.  Cash conversion metrics are as follows - days sales outstanding was 42, days payable outstanding was 64, and days inventory outstanding was 37, for a cash conversion cycle of 15 days, which was 10 days longer than the prior quarter. Our target for the cash conversion cycle is 12 to 15 days. Since we are at the high end of the target range, we expect no further incremental cash to be tied up on the balance sheet in the future due to working capital requirements. Inventory decreased in aggregate by $113 million as a $152 million decrease in work in progress and raw materials more than offset a $39 million increase in finished goods.  Distribution channel inventory for Seagate 3.5 inch ATA product trended down the entire quarter and ended under 4 weeks. We believe all channels, including OEM and retail, brought down inventories during the December quarter. We expect the March quarter will be much more sensitive to true end demand as inventory buffer has been reduced significantly. Long and short-term debt totaled $2.4 billion, yielding a net debt position of roughly $1 billion. Long-term debt maturities in the near term primarily consist of $300 million due in October of 2009 and $135 million due in April of 2010. The revolving credit facility has a six-month maturity with the company's option to extend the borrowing as long as covenant compliance is maintained through the maturity date in 2011. In regards to the company's liquidity position, management has recently taken many actions focused on building liquidity and strengthening its balance sheet. We continue to be in compliance with the covenants related to our revolving credit facility, and based on the current business outlook, we believe the company will generate or obtain sufficient sources of liquidity to support the business. The covenant calculations have been added to our supplemental package and can be found on Page 10. Now let me cover the business outlook. For the March quarter, in light of the company's view of the current market environment and the uncertainty in global economic conditions, for planning purposes the company's expects the overall demand for disc drives to be approximately 110 million units and the pricing environment to be similar in nature to the past six months. In addition, the company is assuming no significant changes in its market share and therefore expects revenue to be approximately $1.6 to $2 billion.  Gross margins for the March quarter are expected to come under further pressure due to the competitive pricing environment and the cost inefficiencies due to lower volumes and higher component costs.  Product development and SG&A are expected to be approximately $395 million in the March quarter, essentially flat compared to the December quarter, when adjusted for the favorable impact from the employee deferred compensation plan. While current uncertainty and global economic conditions make it particularly difficult to predict product demand, the company expects TAM in the June quarter to be flat to slightly down quarter-over-quarter. Seagate has the potential to experience modest market share gains in the June quarter as our new products qualify and ramp in volume. In addition to a better cost structure on these new products as well as the full quarter benefit of the restructuring and salary reductions recently undertaken, the company expects to realize margin improvement in the June quarter. That concludes my remarks for today. Steve?
Stephen J. Luczo: Thanks, Pat. And before going to Q&A I want to emphasize that in this challenging near-term environment, we will stay focused on what we can control - product leadership, cost and inventory management, and technology leadership. As always, my greatest confidence is in our employee base. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to indicate that Pat, Kurt, Brian and Bob will likely answer most questions that reference our fiscal Q2 results due to my recent appointment as CEO, and with respect to the future direction of the company, our comments will be reflective of the entire management team. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Richard Kugele - Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company:  First, just tactically in terms of the quarter, can you talk about what you've actually seen from a pricing perspective quarter to date? You talked about some of the OEM aspects of it being similar, but there's been some indications of some stabilization in the channel due to the low inventory levels. Can you corroborate any of that?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, Rich, let me just give you a high level remark just so we make sure that people got the message. What we're planning for against this economic environment is a pricing scenario that is not that different from what we've experienced. Now, as you know, over the last several quarters, this has been the steepest and longest period of pricing decline that the industry has seen maybe ever and certainly in a long, long time, and basic economics would say that that can't sustain itself forever. But for planning purposes, we need to be prepared.  To your comments about what's recently happened, there is some indications in some marketplaces that the pricing has slowed. For competitive reasons we don't want to go into the details which markets exactly, but it's actually been in several different markets and covers both OEM as well as other channels. 
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company: And then I guess secondly from a total cost perspective, when you're looking at the future things you can do, I know you have a couple of facilities in China, you have a number of different R&D facilities, do you see it being more facility oriented or do you think that there's also some streamlining even within just your headcount that can occur.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I think, you know, again, it's partly based on what the business model that we drive to and what's the revenue model that we drive to. And in this demand environment and in this macro environment, it's tough to pick a number to say how do you want to structure your business for the long term versus the fact that the next 24 months could potentially be quite difficult and I think most people would agree that the next 12 are certainly not going to be fun. So those are the levers that we have to play with that you identified, you know, what we do with our structural infrastructure. The factories are actually for the most part running quite efficiently. Is there opportunities potentially? But for sure I think with respect to some of the organizational issues, as you're probably aware, the org structure changed to a business unit structure. We're now shifting it back to a functional structure, and we do believe there's opportunities in terms of both management layers, ability to delegate and restructure, that there are some opportunities certainly to pursue there. And longer term structural issues, as you mentioned, whether or not it's any facility, design related or factory related, have to be assessed in terms of the overall outlook. 
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, I guess, Steve, one last question. If you were to compare Seagate's issues today, the market issues, compared to 1998 and the issues you were facing then, any thoughts on how you would approach it or how you were able to solve it then versus today?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I think the basic issues - or at least the manifestation of the issues - are very similar in terms of technology leadership that was lagging, execution issues, and high cost. I think those elements are the same. I think some of the things that have been driving those issues are similar and some of them are different. I think the good news today is one, there's a team in place for the most part that was actually the team that turned around the company the last time. As you probably recall, we had, I think, 111,000 employees when I was made CEO last time and I think it was 17 factories, 7 design centers, and over the course of four years we aligned the company to the business opportunity that we had and, more importantly, really invested in the technology and our heads and our discs and also integrated our design centers to a platform strategy where we could actually leverage all of our components and also therefore leverage our manufacturing assets in terms of final drive assembly. I think the good news is all that work is still here functioning and it's actually functioning quite well. As we mentioned, we did get behind in head technology. Last time we didn't have luxury to get behind because we were so far behind IBM, we just went pedal to the metal for as long as we could, and my assumption still is that if IBM hadn't shifted away from being a hardware company to a software company, we might not have ever caught them. But once they did that, we flew past them like they were standing still. With the areal density leadership that we had, we basically then in some ways had the luxury to say how do we deploy that areal density and how do we manage that growth, and the company pursued what I believe is a sound strategy of pursuing many more markets that were evolving for storage, whether or not it was consumer related or smaller devices or whatever, and in doing so we basically managed the areal density growth instead of just driving it as absolutely hard as necessary.  Throw in there the fact that the 80 gig platform stayed in the market for basically two product cycles, which was the first time since 1995 that a product cycle had been less than a year, and the product planning basically missed a generation as a result of that because, again, of course, the product cycles picked back up again.  Those issues are all pretty much the same. I think shifting the organization back to functional organization is obviously something we didn't have to face then, but I think there's opportunities related to that in terms of the decision-making that we'll have.  The culture of the employees is as good as ever, so that strength is similar. I'm 10 years older. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm definitely 10 years old.  And of course the macro environment is completely different, and I think the challenge that we have in front of us isn't really so much can Seagate do this, because we can do it and we know how to do it. What we really have to prepare for the company, though, is for the uncertain macroeconomic environment. If we had clear view on a steady state environment, I would say the risks were much less than they were in 1997.  But in an environment that really it's hard to pick that point of what's the right revenue level, what's the right pricing level, what's the right margin level - and that being driven by external factors that, frankly, no one in the world is having a decent assessment of right now - certainly makes it a more complex challenge for all of us. We're up for the task. We're going to basically move forward in a way that we believe is conservative in those assumptions, but preparing the company in the event that the turnaround happens that we can obviously take advantage of any upside reasonably. We've given you our indication of what the TAM looks like for us going forward. We don't think that as you go to industry sources that there's going to be a wide variation of that. And again, then it gets back down to pricing, you know, how long do people continue to price or does the industry price itself into an unprofitable territory and obviously basic economics limit that at some point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Min Park - Goldman Sachs.
Min Park - Goldman Sachs:  First, Seagate and Western Dig have both made public comments and have started to cut back on capacity. Have you seen any signs or other indications from your other competitors that they're willing to or are planning to take capacity out of the system. 
Stephen J. Luczo: That's a great question. I don't know that we could say we have anything [inaudible] public confirmation, but I think everybody's appearing to be responsible with all the macroeconomic things we're dealing with at the time. 
Patrick O'Malley: I think the other things that you're getting is obviously it's, as you said, public comments from WD. I think we're approaching it reasonable to say what is the TAM? It clearly has contracted. We're trying to align our business model to support that, which we think, as Steve said, we can take that down and reasonably take it up.  But with just the press coming out of Japan with potential consolidations and all the needs to get efficiencies, there's no doubt that they're looking at - when we look at some of the shared equipment suppliers, where they're cutting back, I think it's a whole supply chain just pulling back to align with this new reality of our customers may be willing to hold less inventory and of a smaller TAM for the time being. So I think it's not unreasonable to think that everyone's doing that right now.
Min Park - Goldman Sachs: And then just jumping right into the supply chain, if you look at a number of the vendors in the supply chain, including component and capital equipment vendors, already seem pretty stressed in the current cycle. Are you concerned about the viability of your suppliers and what plans do you have in place to protect Seagate from that risk?
Robert Whitmore: We are concerned and obviously we're watching it very closely and very carefully. We're talking to our suppliers every day and making sure that we're working with them. And I think it really comes down to a supplier-to-supplier case-by-case basis. We don't divulge any specific information on specific suppliers, but suffice it to say it's a big concern and we're working with them daily.
Stephen J. Luczo: And just to follow up on that, you know there is no supplier issue that we are concerned about currently and for most if not all of our technologies we have more than one source of supply.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I just wanted to dig into the cash levels a little bit. I was a little bit surprised to see that you drew down on the revolver $350 million. Was there a particular reason that you did that? I know at the time you had mentioned some cash costs related to restructuring, but it seems like those cash costs are somewhere around maybe $100 million and not really the $350 million, so I wanted to understand that a little bit better.
Patrick O'Malley: As we've talked about, the $90 million was what I'd say was a first pass. We continue to look at the levels of our cost structure. There may be more, to fund those. But that work is undergoing, so we want to have enough in there to give us leeway to fund the restructuring.  As we talked about, the $90 million, that $130 million pays off annually, but it does pay off annually, so if we have any of these other activities, many of them we'll have to have the cash upfront and they'll take a stream of anywhere from six months to a year to get back, so we want to draw that in front of us so we can be very aggressive if need be, if the market conditions continue to deteriorate. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess some of the questions I've had from investors have been you've got a lot of cash on the balance sheet. Is that cash accessible or is it in places that potentially you don't want to get at it for tax reasons or whatever and maybe that would be why you wanted to take the cash out of your revolver instead of using cash on the balance sheet? Just trying to get a better understanding of where your cash is sitting right now.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, all of our cash is totally accessible.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then in terms of the $15 million that's sort of - you don't have it this quarter, but you're seeing it again next quarter for the employee benefit stuff that's in the OPEX number, Pat, I'm just curious why would we necessarily have that $15 million in the number next quarter? I'm just trying to understand that charge a little bit and trying to figure out on a go forward basis - 
Patrick O'Malley: Okay, let me help you on that, Sherri. We took a - it was closer to $20 million credit into our comp charge. We're saying we're not going to get that benefit next quarter, so it's not a charge. It's just I'm not going to get that favorable benefit this quarter. So that $377, if you took the favorable benefit of the employee deferred comp plan, I'd have been closer to $400 million. So I'm basically telegraphing you $395 for next quarter, so essentially flat. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then we go into June, I think you said with the longer-term plan and the restructuring actions you've taken, that comes down to $340?
Patrick O'Malley: That's correct.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And so that includes those changes and so we wouldn't expect to see another number in there or a different change?
Patrick O'Malley: Given current course, there would be no changes. If there was other activities that we enacted, you may have some effect to that, but $340 would be our steady state after the restructuring activity, reduction of all the other salary actions we talked about. So that would be what we expect to see, and if the employee deferred comp had some change, it'd be reflected in there. But $340 would be a plan steady state.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then just finally in terms of the restructuring, you've said $300 million in savings. How much savings should we expect to see in the COGS number taken out of your fixed costs? You've been pretty clear about what's happening in OPEX, but what should we expect in COGS?
Patrick O'Malley: We haven't been explicit because there's many moving parts to that. Its billed material reductions, external sourcing, whether it's internal or external, so there's a lot of moving parts. We haven't been very explicit. We manage the margin through what we'd call our portfolio mix. That's the biggest lever as opposed to cost reductions out of lineups like that. There are dollars there, but our biggest lever in our gross margin is our product, competitiveness and the pricing elements. So we haven't been as prescriptive there.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, because that's a little harder to predict?
Patrick O'Malley: Yes, and it's just not the biggest lever we have in that bucket.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Lanier - AIG.
Mike Lanier - AIG:  I had a question about cash and I apologize - I got pulled away - if you've already answered this, and that is is it right that you said in the past you need about $500 million just to run the business. Is that a good number to use?
Stephen J. Luczo: $500 million is the covenant requirement, so you arguably run at less than that. I'm not sure I'd like to run at less than that given where we are even today. I always like to have a little more potentially. But $500 million is a hard covenant requirement we have, so we cannot run the business under that. 
Mike Lanier - AIG: And then along those lines, because recently from the school of hard knocks we realize that just because you have $500 or $1 billion in cash doesn't mean you actually have full access to it. Can you talk a little bit about how your $1.3 billion, I guess, whatever you ended the quarter with here, how much is tied up? How much is stuck in Europe or in places where you really don't have the ability to draw upon it if you wanted to.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. No, Mike, we answered that. That must have been when you were off. But yes, no, we have full access to the cash that we have on the balance sheet. None of it is in places that we can't get it immediately.
Mike Lanier - AIG: And then as far as the maturities coming around, is it your plan to rebuild the cash and keep it up above $1 billion or are you just going to - you'd be comfortable if it comes down to $700 or whatever it might be. God knows, it takes a crystal ball to know how operations will go, but you do have, what $450 over the next year coming around. Is it your intention to do a capital raising to get it back up if there's no cash build from operations?
Stephen J. Luczo: Right. We're looking at the alternatives right now in terms of what's the best options for the company to manage either the retirement of that debt or the replacement of that debt. And so that's basically the task at hand right now and hope to have more information on that in the nottoodistant future.  But, you know, we're looking at all the options right now in terms of how to best position the company, again, for our planning scenario of sustained macro trend that we're in today and sustained pricing trend, even though that may not be viable for the entire industry, at least planning for those. And then if things get better, great, but that's what we're [inaudible] right now.
Mike Lanier - AIG: And lastly the reduction in CapEx, I guess the way we should look at it is it's probably not going to be a competitive disadvantage because the competitors will probably be doing the same thing?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. At least on a preliminary basis, one of our competitors has already announced a significant reduction in capital. I think for us we're not reducing any capital that relates to any technology transitions that we have ongoing, and in fact one of the reasons the capital was as high as it was this year is because we were completing a significant technology transition. So we're maintaining capital levels certainly to be competitive in terms of technology and obviously [break in audio] capability in terms of infrastructure.  And we believe that given today's demand environment, which we've scoped at 110 million units, plus or minus, for the next couple of quarters and then probably, you know, slow growth if any for the next two quarters after that, we certainly can maintain our ability to respond to the marketplace with those levels of capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets:  I think in the past you provided sort of industry TAMs across your product categories. Is that something you won't be providing going forward or could you give us that information this time around?
Robert Whitmore: We have provided it in the past, but we haven't provided it this time because the overall market has taken such a significant contraction. These are our assessments. So we'd be probably better advised this quarter to let the whole thing shake out. We're planning our business accordingly with our customers, but there's still some variation of that 110, where that may settle. So as that gets clearer, I think we'd be better - provide you guidance at that time. But right now there's a lot of variability in the TAM from moving from market to market, so we'd probably stay away from that this quarter.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And then I guess if I just look at the restructuring initiatives and you've talked about OPEX going from $395 million next quarter to about $340 million in June, does that reflect 100% the savings from all the researching efforts or will there be some incremental savings beyond that as well?
Robert Whitmore: They would be very de minimis. Most of the actions that we've talked about in that $300 million of actions are all primarily reflected. There will be some folks that'll still be around in the June quarter, but it would be very small, so you would not probably get much incremental upside to the actions we've talked about. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Since I've been thinking about [$300] million savings, two-thirds on the OPEX line, about a third on the COGS line is a reasonable way to model this thing?
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think if you did the math that comes close. That comes close. But you could probably look at it from a Q4 run rate and model down to where you see and you could probably figure out where that is. Now realize the $300 million we talk about are these restructuring activities. There's other cost reduction activities the company's undergone, so when you go through and you look at a Q4 run rate to an - '08 for a Q4 '09, you may see higher numbers, but the $300 million there is the restructuring activities we've done, so they're not the only cost reductions that this company has undergone over the last six months.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And just, I guess, finally, [inaudible] this $1.6 to $2 billion revenue band for the next several quarters, and I think the last [inaudible] you were in that revenue band around fiscal '09, the OPEX was around $230, $240 million kind of run rate. Is it fair to say the researching effort we may take beyond this would be focused to drive that OPEX down from $340 to the mid-$200 range?
Patrick O'Malley: We'll look at that. As Steve said, this is a situation where we have to line up what we thing our long term is. One of the things we are committed to is to protect our technology and the key products that we think are the financial engines of the company over the next three years, so that's where we'll be protected. We also have some investment in our solid states, you know, technology that we look at that's probably above and beyond what you've seen in the past.  So we'll model to deliver the technology and the products across the whole storage market over that, so we'll model accordingly and we'll come back to you, but given the high flux, the high contraction over the last six months, we'll owe you a model on that, but we're committed to get back to profitability in this company.
Stephen J. Luczo: And maybe one more question.
Operator: Your first question comes from [Unidentified Analyst] - Bank of Montreal.
Unidentified Analyst - Bank of Montreal:  I had a question on the competitive landscape with the potential combination of Toshiba and Fujitsu. Can you talk about what the impact would be for the industry and for Seagate, particularly your business segments?
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I think, you know, it'd be hard for us to speculate. I'm not even sure that anything official has been released with respect to it other than speculation. So I think it'd just probably be a little bit misleading to project anything other than putting two companies together is always challenging in the short term and whether or not it's beneficial in the long term depends on how good a job you did.  So I think we just have to wait until we hear more from what those two companies want to talk about.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay, everybody, thanks very much for participating today, and I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes this evening's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Watkins – CEO Kurt Richards - Executive VP of Sales and Customer Service David Wickersham – Chief Operating Officer Patrick O'Malley – Chief Financial Officer, Executive VP Brian Dexheimer - Division President for Consumer Solutions
Analysts: Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Jason Noland – Robert W. Baird Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Richard Kugele – Needham & Company Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley Aaron Rakers – Wachovia Scott Craig – Bank of America Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum
Operator: (Operator Instructions) This conference call contains forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements related to the company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statement is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2008. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO.
William Watkins:  On the phone with me are Dave Wickersham our President and Chief Operating Officer, Pat O'Malley, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Kurt Richards, our Executive Vice President of Sales and Customer Service. Brian Dexheimer, Division President for Consumer Solutions is also available to answer questions during our Q&A session. I'd like to start our call this afternoon by briefly reviewing where we've been over the last several months before outlining our current position and our outlook for the quarter ahead as well as our perspective on longer term trends. I will then turn the call over the Kurt, then Dave, and finally Pat who will cover in more detail our market, operating and financial results for the quarter. I'm pleased to report that the September quarter reflected the measurable progress towards our goal of regaining our long standing product leadership position across all markets. We were prime to market with a two disk 500 gigabyte notebook drive as well as the industry's first one and a half terabyte desktop drive. We launched a product refresh of our free agent line of external storage solutions with new innovations such as docking stations and the industry's highest capacity points. Additionally, we extended our portfolio of security products with Black Armor, the first portable hard drive with full disk encryption. Going forward we intend to continue to extend our gains across our entire product portfolio. Concurrent with improving of our product execution, we are devoting significant attention to reducing our cost structure. While we are beginning to see the fruit of this initial effort, much more is needed as the macro economic environment continues to be challenging. There is no question that the macro economic environment is challenging and could remain so for some time. But such an environment does present opportunities as well. Companies like Seagate that have a strong balance sheet, have the resources and flexibility to continue to make the technology investments and solidify product leadership. As we look ahead, we will remain disciplined and focused on the things we can control such as product leadership, cost and inventory management and technology leadership. We are operating from a position of strength and we know that our strategy will serve us well over the long term regardless of which direction our economy turns. Before turning it over to Kurt, let me leave you with one clear thought. We are as confident as we've ever been in the compelling long term trends that are the basis for the growing demand for storage solutions and our ability to convert that demand into superior and lasting value for our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to Kurt.
Kurt Richards: As Bill mentioned, our product portfolio improved significantly throughout the last quarter and we are seeing good initial traction from our customers. Specific to the September quarter, Seagate shipped 48 million units, up 11% from the prior quarter and up modestly a year ago quarter.  We believe the overall industrial TAM was approximately 152 million units, up 15% quarter over quarter and 13% year over year. Seagate's share was essentially flat to modestly higher as compared to the June quarter in desktop, notebook, mission critical enterprise and DVR markets. However, in the gaming market we intentionally let our market share contract for at least the near term as the economics does not make sense. Pricing for the September quarter was in aggregate more competitive than we had planned and is reflective of the industry's ability to easily meet overall demand. Looking forward, we have limited visibility into the true demand of the December quarter due to the macro economic environment. Therefore, our outlook for the December quarter assumes muted seasonal unit growth of 3% above the September quarter which equates to approximately 156 million units. The pricing environment is expected to be essentially the same, very competitive with ample supply to meet demand. Given our leading product portfolio we do not intend to lose share in any of the markets that we participate. Now I'll give some details on the individual markets. In the mission critical enterprise space, the TAM in the September was approximately 8.1 million units. We believe Seagate grew its leadership position in the space during the quarter shipping 5.2 million units. Demand remains solid for the high capacity enterprise class SATA products and we believe Seagate maintained its leadership in the portion of the enterprise market. We believe that with the industry's broadest and most competitive enterprise product line, we are well positioned for long term success and leadership in this market. For the December quarter we are expecting the overall enterprise market demand to be down sequentially.  The TAM for the desk top computer for the September quarter was approximately 65 million units. Seagate shipped an industry leading 28.2 million units during the quarter. For the December quarter we are expecting the desk top compute TAM to be flat or slightly down sequentially. In the consumer electronic applications we believe the industry TAM for the September quarter was approximately 21 million units. Seagate shipped 4.8 million units of which the vast majority was the DBR market. We received strong interest in our new line of pipeline HD products designed specifically for video dependent applications and have completed most of our OEM qualifications. This should provide us an opportunity for continued growth in the segment. We expect the overall CE market will experience a seasonal increase in unit demand in the December quarter mainly associated with gaming and hand held applications. With regards to the mobile compute market the overall TAM grew approximately 58 million units in the September quarter and Seagate shipped 9.8 million units. Our customers are giving us encouraging signs about our products and we believe this will lead to modest share gains in the space over the coming quarters. We are making progress in our customer qualifications with our leading time to market two disc 500 gigabyte notebook products including completion of two major OEM's qualifications early this month. We are also seeing good progress on our 7200 rpm notebook sales and we believe we are well positioned in this portion of the market as this portion of the market continues to grow. We expect to see continued gains in this fast growing mobile compute market. We expect the December quarter for the mobile compute market to exhibit seasonal increase in unit demand and be up from the September quarter. In the branded solutions, we are very encouraged with the positive feed back and acceptance of our new products. During the quarter we launched the newest line of free agent products featuring an innovative first in category docking design, five families of products in four colors supporting three types of connections to the Windows and Mac based systems. We also introduced the 500 gigabyte 2 1/2 inch, an industry leading first, 1.1 terabyte capacity points. We reduced inventory, expanded our global points of distribution. Going forward we expect improved performance in the context of the market conditions.  Overall, we will remain focused on continued operational improvements and market expansion with our new consumer lines over the next few quarters. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on operations.
David Wickersham: I will cover four topics with you today; our ongoing cost reduction efforts, capital, inventory and new products.  First, let me give you an update of the actions we have taken to realign our media operations. As planned, in September we ceased production at both the finished media factory in Milpitas, California and the aluminum substrate factory in Limavady, Northern Ireland. The estimated annual cost savings is approximately $70 million and we expect to begin realizing savings during the December quarter. Additionally, on September 18, we announced the closing of our research facility in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.  The research effort currently underway in Pittsburg will be moved into existing facilities primarily in Minnesota and California. Moving the research resources closer to the design teams is expected to increase the speed, efficiency and leverage with which our research investments result in time to market products. Once fully realized, the annual savings related to the closure of the Pittsburg facility is expected to be approximately $30 million.  We will continue to aggressively identify additional opportunities company wide that will improve our overall cost structure. These targeted actions are expected to increase efficiency and reduce spending while at the same time deliver leading time to the market products. Capital investment for the September quarter was $280 million slightly below our plan. As we look forward to the balance of the fiscal year, our investments will be targeted at technology advancements and cost reduction opportunities.  Investments for additional capacity will be minimized as we essentially have capacity in place today which supports the expected volume requirements for the next several quarters. Consequently, we expect fiscal year 2009 capital investments to be approximately $750 million, a reduction of $250 million to our previous plan. I am pleased with our continued improvement in inventory management.  In the September quarter, we increased turnover and achieved a reduction in total inventory as compared to the prior quarter. Inventory turns improved from 9.3 in June to 11 turns in September. Inventory decreased $36 million quarter over quarter from $945 million to $909 million. Finished goods declined $92 million while raw material and work in process increased $56 million. We remain focused on optimizing our inventory and improving our turns going forward including in the December quarter. In regards to new products, I am very excited about our progress across all product platforms. In the notebook market, we have launched the 5400 rpm 500 gigabyte notebook drive in volume production ahead of our internal schedule. In the September quarter, this product shipped to our branded business unit, into the distribution channel and initial revenue shipments with two OEM customers. Customer acceptance has been quite favorable as many of the OEM's are eager to complete qualification and begin volume shipments. Understandably our focus this quarter is to complete OEM qualifications and rapidly transition to this new product platform. With tremendous effort we have significantly closed the time to market gap that existed with the previous two 5400 rpm product generations and are committed regaining time to market leadership in the notebook market.  In desktop, we were first to market with a 1.5 terabyte, 3 1/2 inch ATA drive. Customer acceptance has been robust and we were able to ship over 100,000 units during the September quarter. We expect to complete the balance of the qualifications in the December quarter and continue to ramp volume production. In the mission critical enterprise market, our 450 gigabyte 3 1/2 inch 15K product acceptance is progressing well, and most OEM qualifications are complete and the product is ramping. Additionally, our first to market 300 gigabyte small form factor drive is in OEM customer qualification and we expect to commence OEM shipments during the September quarter. The objective is unchanged. Clear, and sustain time to market leadership. And while we have made measurable progress during the last few quarters, we will remain focused on continuing to improve our product execution.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Pat.
Patrick O'Malley: You'll find the company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance and other supplemental information in the investor section of Seagate's web site at seagate.com. Before I get into the financial results for the quarter and the outlook, let me first highlight for you a change in how we will be providing insight into the operating performance of the company. As you can see in this quarter's press release, we will no longer be providing a non-GAAP measure of net income or earnings per share. We made this change primarily to simplify our communications and to improve your view into how the company is performing and how we measure ourselves internally. As we report financial results we will highlight certain items that are impacting results such as but not limited to, acquisition related charges, amortizations of intangibles and restructuring related charges. Additionally, we will include any known and quantifiable events which provide our outlook for the next quarter. The supplemental financial information document we provide to investors contains a summary of those items we discussed along with additional information. With that, let's start with this quarter's results. Net income including earnings per share for the September quarter are $60 million and $0.12 respectively. Excluding items I'll detail in a moment, the results are consistent with the guidance we provided in July. Included in the financial results for the quarter are the following items: $20 million of purchase tangibles amortization and other charges associated with recently completed acquisitions and restructuring related charges of $51 million of which $23 million was reflected in the P&L on the restructuring line and $20 million reflected in the cost of goods sold relating to accelerated depreciation. The impact of these cash and non-cash items amounts to approximately $71 million and reduced diluted earnings per share in the aggregate of about $0.14 on a diluted basis. Slide 2 of the supplemental package has a summary of these items. For the September quarter, Seagate reported revenues of slightly more than $3 billion and unit shipments of approximately 48 million. Revenue and unit volume came in below our expectations and was the result of a more competitive price environment with 3 1/2 inch and 2 1/2 inch ATA products coupled with a lower total available market for 3 1/2 inch ATA products. During the quarter, Seagate remained focused on maintaining the supply demand balance. This is evidenced by our reduced finished goods inventory and less than five weeks of inventory on hand in the distribution channel of 3 1/2 inch ATA drives. Gross margin for the September quarter was $525 million or 17.3% of revenue. Gross margin was negatively impacted by $32 million most of which is accelerated depreciation expense related to the restructuring of our media operations. This had the effect of lowering gross margin as percent of revenue by roughly 100 basis points. Slide 5 of the supplemental package has a summary of these items. Gross margin as a percent of revenue was about as expected even with the more competitive pricing environment as we benefited from a favorable market mix, core enterprise as a total of planned and favorable rate costs and lower product return rates. R&D and SG&A costs were $408 million for the September quarter. Reported R&D and SG&A decreased by $18 million while other income and expense increased by a like amount relating to the accounting treatment of our employee funded deferred compensation plan. Let me explain how the accounting for the deferred compensation plan works. When the plan's liabilities decreased this quarter, a reduction was recorded in the operating expenses while a corresponding increase was recorded in the other income expense. The net impact is essentially neutral to the P&L. We will continue to identify additional opportunities to bring more efficiency into the R&D and SG&A groups to achieve our objective to properly align spending levels. The long term objective is to have R&D and SG&A spending represent approximately 11% of revenue. Cash flow from operations was $304 million for the September quarter while free cash flow was $24 million. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.15 million essentially flat from the previous quarter. Capital investment in the September quarter was $280 million. As Dave previously indicated, the current expectation for fiscal 2009 capital investments has been reduced to approximately $750 million. Depreciation and amortization for the September quarter was $253 million, up from the prior quarter due primarily to the accelerated depreciation charge of $28 million related to the closure of finished media operation in Milpitas. Amortization of purchased intangibles totaled approximately $17 million. During the September quarter the company did not repurchase any of its common shares. We believe it is prudent to be conservative in how we allocate our cash during this period of uncertainty stemming from the global macro economic situation. Our priorities are first to ensure we fund the capital and R&D investment required to achieve and maintain a clear time to market leadership position and funding ongoing restructuring activities that are vital to reducing our cost structure. Now for the December quarter outlook. Current near term uncertainty surrounding the global economy makes it particularly difficult to predict product demand and other related matters. With that in mind, our outlook assumes muted seasonal unit demand for the markets we serve and a very competitive pricing environment.  As a reminder, the outlook includes all known and quantifiable charges as of today relating to past acquisition, amortization of intangibles and restructuring related costs. Additional information can be found on Slide 7 of the supplemental package. For the December quarter Seagate expects revenue to be in the range of $2.85 billion to $3.05 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.12 to $0.16 and includes the following items; approximately $40 million of charges associated with completed acquisitions, $7 million of restructuring charges for previously announced restructuring activities and $7 million charged to Research and Development for accelerated depreciation of fixed assets at our Pittsburg facility. These items total $34 million and decrease earnings per share by approximately $0.07 on a diluted basis. R&D and SG&A expenses in total are expected to up compared to the September quarter due in part to the accelerated depreciation charge of $7 million, the October implementation of focal merit increases and as previously discussed, includes any impact related employee funded deferred compensation plan. Likewise, other income and expense is expected to decrease by a net expense of approximately $25 million. The annual tax rate is expected to be approximately 5% with variability from quarter to quarter. This outlook does not include the impact of any future mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or other business combinations, stock repurchases or potential new restructuring activities the company may undertake during the quarter.
William Watkins: Before we go to Q&A, just a couple more comments. I realize it is a little bit like onward through the fog today but to be honest, I feel better about the prospects of Seagate today, macro economic environment aside than I did back in June. The reason is, Kurt, Brian, Pat have laid out plans back in Q4 and what we're really seeing is measurable progress to those plans. Whether it's time to market, whether it's cost reductions, efficiencies, speed of decision, those things that we control and we measure, I'm feeling very confident that the teams are very focused on the opportunity ahead of us and what we have to do to achieve those opportunities. I'd like to emphasize that in the near term environment things are going to be a little bit cloudy but if we stay focused on what we can control, the product leadership, cost and inventory management and technology leadership, we are confident in the long term opportunities for storage. People continue to [inaudible] their life whether it's commercial or consumer, and we believe that we'll be well positioned when the economic environment improves, we'll be ready to take advantage of those opportunities. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Are you willing to talk about a gross margin guidance for the current quarter and secondly, I was wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail, you mentioned a product refresh on the branded side. Can you talk about where you stand in terms of either share improvements or how you look at out into the December quarter from a {TAM} basis as well as your own market share prospects?
Patrick O'Malley: Gross margin for the quarter given the range would be slightly sequentially up. We would not be hitting the range that we implied last quarter primarily due to accelerated pricing environment, unit demand, but it would be sequentially up probably less than 100 basis points from where we ended this quarter.
Brian Dexheimer: The way we feel about the branded business is that we've got a ways to go to full potential. Having said that, I think we made significant progress. We think we grew revenue fast in the market. We reduced inventory pretty significantly. We improved our channel and our product mix globally and lastly, we launched a new and extended line of products with the time to market capacity points for the first time in our history. Market acceptance of the new product line gives us reason to believe that we're going to continue to make progress.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Any comment on the branded market as a whole given what's going on in the economy?
Patrick O'Malley: I think it echo's Bill comments and you certainly read all the reports we have. I don't think we're operating in a different environment than those reports depict. I think if you look at what's going on in U.S. retail particularly, they're having some of the toughest times they've had in some people's accounts the last 30 years. I don't think we're immune from that. I will say our category tends to perform better than the standard even electronic superstores, the standard electronic products. For instance, high def TV's and products like that are actually performing more poorly than our category, but within the context of everybody's having a tough time. So we're not immune to that, but we are probably a shining star in a dark light.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Noland – Robert W. Baird.
Jason Noland – Robert W. Baird: On a long term goal of 11% OpEx, does that include or exclude restructuring. Would we see that in fiscal '09 or is that a couple of years out?
Patrick O'Malley: One is a couple of years out. We're targeting this year to try to exit the year sub 13% and that would exclude the restructuring charges related to that. I assume you're meaning the one time charges as opposed to the amortization and purchase intangibles. You're just talking about the SG&A and R&D. That's what that would be. 11% long term and that's probably a two to three year vision. We've working aggressively to hit that, and this year we're trying to exit the year sub 13%.
Jason Noland – Robert W. Baird: Any update on solid state discs? Thoughts and strategy.
William Watkins: We're willing to bring solid state whenever it makes sense. We think the first practical place is in these pier zero architecture for enterprise and they will have a product out into next year. I think that capacity points before 40 gigabytes probably makes some sense in those applications but we think the cost per gigabyte play going forward will continue and the content the consumers and people want gets pushed off to where it's very viable to take a big percentage of it. We'll have a solid state drive in every market when it makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: On the last call you had mentioned that the gross margin would improve because you have the reduced component costs and the new products in the fourth quarter and it seems like pricing has essentially wiped out that gross margin improvement in December.
Patrick O'Malley: I think pricing is probably the strongest headwind that we have. It's definitely harder than we planned. The September quarter continues to a higher level than planned and for sure historical in the December quarter. Plus also, given we're sequentially down in the enterprise market. We do have a lesser mix in that business next quarter, so you have a little bit of a mix model as well going on. So I'd characterize as pricing and somewhat of a market mix.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: In terms of the demand, the muted demand in the December quarter is that primarily a comment about desk top, because it seems like notebook demand has been pretty strong. Or do you also see that for the notebook market. Also in the notebook market, are you seeing a mix to lower capacities or lower demand for the higher capacity? What do you think now and for next quarter?
William Watkins: Primarily it's a desk top statement. There's obviously a little bit as we said on the enterprise, we are not seeing any real change in patterns from high Cap perspective. We're in the consumer season and we think that will stay strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey – Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: I'm wondering what could change the industry's trend toward overly aggressive pricing on the 2 1/2 drive now that all six players are roughly at the same point with technical perspective. Do you see any signs that anyone in the industry is actually willing to cut supply given the demand is getting weaker?
William Watkins: I think people came into September prepared for a bigger number back in June/July and I don't think any of us really know what's going to happen, what the consumers are going to do. I think from the pricing, I think we're looking at a 3% growth. I think it's prudent for us to be fairly with that sort of capacity out there, it's going to be fairly pricy. I think what's good is you have two companies who have operating models that they can be highly profitable and be profitable in these situations. And you have two companies that can't make money at all and so I think that's going to be restraint. How much money are people willing to lose before they shut it off? We've been through this many times, and one thing about the drive guys, we know how to live in this environment. We're optimistic in a kind of strange way, focus on the things that we can control. Make improvements and when we come out of this, we're going to be in better shape and we may catch a little cold, but some people will get pneumonia if this goes very long.
Patrick O'Malley: I believe there's enough capacity to build more. So if you're concerned, I think people are more muting their bills based on what they see as demand not what capacity is out there. So I think everyone has started to align up the capacity to what they see as demand. I think people are pulling their heels back on the build, not necessarily on what they have capacity. There's more capacity in the market that what we see.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: On the savings side, is there anything we should be looking for beyond the $100 million in annual savings that you talked about?
David Wickersham: Pat already talked about OpEx. From a cost standpoint I think the answer is yes. We're going to continue to focus on first, our biggest leverage continues to be transition into new products and I think you've seen us get a healthy level of finished goods that also allows us to quickly transition to the new products. Our biggest cogs lever continues to be transition into new products. I'm very pleased about the qualification progress across all segments, across all products. That's our biggest level. Along with that of course, just becomes maturing products, better yields, lower costs. It's an ongoing focus. We're certainly looking at any and every opportunity to make sure that our cogs are as low as possible.
William Watkins: One of the issues that we have is actually an opportunity and really become what the engineering team is pushing hard is, in the last three quarters we have qualified a single disk 125 notebook, a single disk 160 notebook, now a single disk 250. We've gone through three notebook platforms and technically four in the last year. We've got to get our products, our qual back on our newest platform as we've kind of leaped ahead and kind of close this gap. So the big opportunity for us is to get everybody on the 250 single disk, two disk 500 platform and streamline that process, and there's real efficient opportunities there for us and we're very focused.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Kugele – Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: On the mobile side, your unit growth was tremendous sequentially. Is this where your share always should have been and how we should look at that dramatic growth. If there's any color you could provide on where that went or whether we should be viewing it as more the market growth from this point forward?
Kurt Richards: I think the answer is our products are catching up with the market. We now have a leading set of products and I think last quarter was reflective of a like set of products. I think it's natural. As Bill said, our business model will deliver and we now have a set of products to go compete.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company:  In terms of industry growth, obviously 3% well below any type of normal seasonality. Does this then change seasonality even heading into the first quarter? Are we going to have to do a rewrite of what seasonality will be in the next three to four quarters?
William Watkins: I think we need to be very cautious and very focused on what we can control. That's why I think the real emphasis on getting the products out there, having product leadership in this market. The share will go to the product leaders here.  No one knows what's going to happen with the retail consumer or the consumer. It's a challenge right now. I think there's a lot of fear and uncertainty. That said, the longer term things are there. People need storage. It may be two quarters, it may be three, we're just not sure. But we're feeling pretty good about what we can control and that's where we need to stay focused because we'll come out of this.
Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Seagate was out of the public eye during the 2001, 2002 downturn. Can you just talk about how Seagate fared during that time and what the situation is different now for Seagate.
William Watkins: We used that opportunity to do the things we're doing now which is get our costs, time to market; if you look, we came out of that. We came out with product leadership across the board. One of the great opportunities for a technology company, when people want to hunker down, they get scared, they start cutting R&D, cutting things too much, they lose down. This is an opportunity for us to improve our product leadership, improve our cost reduction, our OpEx spending and do this in a way that when we come out of this, when the market comes back, we hope to be better positioned that we were coming into it. That's our expectations and that's our plan. I'm feeling good about the progress we've made. We're not there yet, but we're looking at this as an opportunity.
Patrick O'Malley: We actually didn't grow any revenue in those periods of time, but we certainly grew our profitability. I think that's what Bill is echoing here. What we can do is transition products quicker, deliver time to market product, but focus on all areas of taking costs down in a world of uncertainty. I think that's the mode we're in and if there's upside to it that's all gravy. But we're going to operate in a very conservative mode on managing the balance sheet and managing costs in this business.
Operator: Your next call comes from Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: If we put demand visibility aside, which product segments do you feel are best positioned that you can take share in the December quarter?
Patrick O'Malley: The notebook market. We feel very confident about the notebook market. I think also particularly this quarter going into the next we feel real confident about our desk top position on the 1 1/2 terabytes in the high cap. Maybe a third is our position on the enterprise at a 450 gigabyte. We think we're in a very strong position there also. 
William Watkins: I really like the new products that Brian's brought. We expect pretty good results from what he's doing.
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: You did a good job of managing your own inventory and from the five weeks number you provided that looks okay as well. Where do you think industry channel inventory was end of September?
Patrick O'Malley: We think it's definitely within range and probably the low end of the range if you look at it from a four to six week. It's on the low end of that range. People are not are not wanting to bring on a lot of stuff in this environment. The OEM's we provide the same business model. Things operate as normal there. We are relationship [inaudible]. We try to manage inventory tight on our side. The distribution channel is already been tight for two quarters plus given their capitalization models.
William Watkins: The OEM's at the end of September take inventories on because they really want a big October and November. They're really focused on getting their products out so they may be a little bit heavier. But that's part of the OEM plan. They want to make October happen big.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers – Wachovia.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: Can you talk about the fact that this last quarter was a fourteen quarter and what that impact was within your model?
Kurt Richards: Historically speaking it really hasn't added a tremendous amount to our overall. From a demand perspective we really haven't seen a huge incremental difference.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: Is it fair to say that there was some degree of incremental OpEx that that more than net net wasn't really offset by revenue in the last quarter?
Patrick O'Malley: I think the way, especially OEM's they look at share awards. Distributors are making a lot of quarter end negotiations to line up on that 13th week and the next week they [inaudible] so I'd say the 14th week of revenue is very difficult if not impossible to measure, but we could certainly measure that 14th week of expenses. I would say that's a fair characterization.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: As you ramp your 250 gig pro platter, 2 1/2 inch drives, you effectively take component cost out of the really sweet spot in the drive shipments in the market aside from just the 500 gig platform. Can you help me understand as that ramps to the December quarter how we should be thinking about the gross margin within that mobile business.
David Wickersham: We don't give gross margins by segment. That is our single biggest lever. We've got two platforms as Bill mentioned, really on top of each other. One is 160 per platter. There are still some opportunities there to complete and ramp that and finish that off and then the second is the 250 per platter. So each of those will provide us incremental margin opportunity, but we just can't share those details.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: How do you want the street to think about the earnings for the company? If I look back for example the June quarter, the street's at $0.44. That's exclusive of the restructuring charge. You guide exclusive of the restructuring charge. It's a little bit confusing how you want the street to gauge your bottom line earnings and in particular the tax rate within the model.
Patrick O'Malley: What we want to do guide you to try to help you build a number to how we measure ourselves internally, how we're measured from our Board, how we believe we should be measured from you. We've tried to get away from this non-GAAP concept and let you build it so we certainly gave you the numbers in our supplemental to go build it from a GAAP basis and build it up to an operational basis. We believe we should be measured on the operational but we think given a GAP guidance, given that that's what's required, that's what people are going to pick up. We want to be more transparent on that and let you build to the operational. If you take a look where we talked about $0.12 this quarter in the GAP we say that's consistent with last quarter. We talked last quarter in the $0.21 to $0.22 range. I think that's how we want to be measured. We want to give you the measure to bridge that fairly transparently. On the tax, we generally like to look at that over a 5% to 6% range. That's what we believe our long term tax structure is. This quarter we had some discrete items that drove a favorable tax rate, tax expense. From time to time as statutes expire we have to run that through our P&L so you'll get that from time to time. We don't necessarily plan for that. So I think looking at our tax rate over the long term, 5% to 6% is probably a fair way to model us.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: Where you would like to see the street thinking about the number for next quarter is more that $0.19 to $0.23 earnings range.
Patrick O'Malley: I would think that's fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Craig – Bank of America.
Scott Craig – Bank of America: Can you revisit the notebook expectation side of things> You mentioned modest share gain but it's clearly an area you've struggled over the last year so why would we only see modest share gain there as opposed to the more pronounced ones over the next couple of quarters?
William Watkins: We want to earn our share with product leadership, capacity points, quality. This is not about manufacturing leverage. We're going to grow our share responsible and we're going to take our share that's deserved through the products and we're willing to fight a cost game. We're going to be fairly methodical as we grow this and take our opportunities. We think with continued focus on product leadership and having the capacity points and/or the products or solutions customers want, we'll continue to grow share that way. That's a much more profitable way of doing it.
Scott Craig – Bank of America: On the free cash flow, you gave us guidance last quarter for somewhere around break even. Any thoughts on how the free cash flow folds out over the December quarter?
Patrick O'Malley: We're certainly looking to cut back on our capital expenditures. Obviously with an engine like that you don't stop it over night so there's going to be quite a few capital requirements coming through of that 750 next quarter. We'll certainly look to manage that. The other area that we're going to manage is on the balance sheet. You look at this quarter, we took 10 days out of our balance sheet for our cash conversion cycle. We're trying to maintain our cash levels at that $1 billion plus. We are committed to try to stay there. If we run at $800 million to $900 million I'm not going to be worried, but we're going to try to run the business at $1 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: There's some recent chatter on some consolidation activities. How do you think about ongoing consolidation given the backdrop of what is pretty tough industry fundamentals. Do you see any potential changes there? 
William Watkins: We've gone through these before. Usually depending how long, how aggressive this is, there's obviously a very different business models across the six competitors. There's two of us that probably has substantially different models than the other three. People who can't make money the last year are sure not going to make money in the next year. We think it puts tremendous pressure on some of these people that probably shouldn't be in the business. Our sense is that we focus on what we can control. It will probably be a consolidation play. It would make sense for a couple of the Japanese probably to get together. We don't understand Samsung's long term strategy and why they're spending the money they're doing. We feel that as bad as the environment is, we can be highly competitive against people in this environment and we'll come out of this stronger.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Do you think Hitachi is a consolidator?
William Watkins: I do believe there will be a Japanese consolidation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: In terms of the general supply/demand dynamics, can you give us a little more context around the fall that you're talking about or shed some light in terms of what regions, what types of distributors versus OEM's have really slammed the breaks versus intimating all this doom and gloom anticipation?
William Watkins: It's not all slamming the breaks as much as...October's actually a pretty good month. Everyone's trying hard to make October happen November. What no one wants to guarantee me, people don't show up and buy notebooks and buy things then we may have a problem. Everyone kind of gives you the onward through the fog type of speech. That's kind of where we're at. That said, we're trying to be prudent. We think fairly flat quarter on quarter is the prudent way to look at this quarter and hopefully we have an upside that they do maintain. Nobody knows. If you look at the behavior right now, they're actually pushing quite hard. But there's three months in the quarter and we've been through this before. We've gone through these periods before and we know how these quarters lay out when we're in these times so we're just trying to be prudent and focused and come out of this right.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: You're mindful of where you sit in the food chain. At this point if October is sustained and November and December hold up the same way, you may actually have some upside in the quarter.
William Watkins: If it wasn't for this macro we'd be looking at 10% numbers in all that. The whole macro thing has changed everybody and that's the problem. Nobody knows. There's some underlying things on the technology side that seem okay. But we're sure not going to be immune. It's time now to be prudent and be smart.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: If the macro does become a bigger grind for your business, what do you think in terms of other types of incremental cost initiatives in terms of playing closing these days? What type of other leverage do you have at your hand?
William Watkins: We still have those levers of consolidation capacity and things like that. We're going to continue to work on our costs. We think we want to leave 13% off Ex spending. We can move that faster. And we're really being very prudent. We think there's a lot of inefficiencies that we can improve on, at the same time keeping as much pressure on the technology leadership part of our business.  It's not about reducing our focus on technology. Between all the mergers, it's really leveraging and making more efficient our technology investment. We think we have a lot of opportunity there still. So we may move some of that faster. Some of the things that Dave was doing on the component side has opportunities on the component cost side. We can move more sub straits, more heads, more things like that. I think we've taken the obvious footprint actions that we need to take and I think going forward in terms of both OpEx and costs, one is we're looking at the structure within the U.S. in particular and how do we continue to streamline the organization to take advantage of the skill sets we have for both R&D and other talent in Asia.  So those are the things we're looking at as opposed to what I'll call a footprint. However, having said that, we're going to keep an eye on. But we are going to need brick and mortar. We are going to need more units, more capacity down the road, so we're in this for the long run. Our next look is to continue to streamline and improve the efficiencies of the organizations we have.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: We could see another consolidation event. Could you see a situation where if things do get really difficult or trying over the next few quarters and given your cash position relative to some of the foreign players, could you see a situation where the U.S. guys decide rather than driving consolidation through an acquisition, we just push people out of the market through price? 
William Watkins: Price wars – you don't drive people out. It would be senseless for me to think I could drive Hitachi or Toshiba or Samsung out of business on price. These guys will make their decisions. We just don't believe in price wars. We believe this is about product executions, product leadership. It's about getting the customers solutions. We think we've made big leaps getting there and we're sticking to our model which is about product leadership, time to market with the opportunities that presents. The pricing thing doesn't work.
Operator: Your final question comes from Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: I would assume that the dividend is not at risk?
Patrick O'Malley: No the dividend is not at risk. Right now there's no discussion about changing the dividend.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: On heads, can you verify your strategy again between yours and TDK. I would assume that you're using your own heads on all of your notebook products.
William Watkins: Nothing has changed. Seagate heads will be in all of our products and TDK will be, I'll call it surgically, we're going to use them similar to our media model. That hasn't changed. The only thing that's changed is we started to ramp TDK. It will be 100% of representation of our HO in every drive and then it will be limited and surgical use of TDK and that's something that we're going to work out with them program to program generation and decide where we slot them. We've also agreed that we won't be specific in that regard.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: On the OpEx side, you've mentioned the 11% goal. It appears that you're realistic that you're not going to get there by revenue growth in the near term. Can you give us any ideas of when in a general time frame? That a lot of people that are going to need to let go.
Patrick O'Malley: 13%, if you take a look at historical revenue profiles, obviously you could model what you want but it would be a very tight year. We've already announced the Pittsburg. We continuing to look at activities because the only way you're going to get down to that level, 13% is excluding costs from the business. We under that process today. We're going through that. That's not going to be a quarterly process. That's going to be an ongoing process that's going to take this quarter. It's going to take next quarter. For a period of time we may have quarter to quarter announcements on these. It may be many as opposed to just one. I think that's how you would characterize that activities that you'll see. We talked about a two to three year plan on getting to 11%. I think Bill would certainly see how we do it quicker, but the one thing we're committed to is not to sacrifice our product leadership, our technology leadership. We remain committed to that, and that for most parts will be investments where we need those.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: You think there's five weeks of inventory for the industry in the 3 1/2 inch side of the distribution channel?
Patrick O'Malley: The industry might be slightly higher, but typically it's right around four for the industry.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: The 2 1/2 inch 500 gigabyte free agent product, is that 100% your disc drive in it today?
David Wickersham: Today it is but the first shipments were mixed. We had agreed that we were going to go into this Christmas with 500. We saw the three disc versions and we bought 15,000 to 20,000 back in April from a competitor that we put into the retail box. Our own plan for 500 was more like an October/November and Dave and team just pulled in it, so we actually shipped in September into retail our own two disc versions.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: So you're not buying any from Samsung anymore?
David Wickersham: No we had a one shot buy. We stopped that in September.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: When you look at the enterprise price market demand, are there any distinctions that you're seeing in the market place between the traditional 10 and 15 K market versus the enterprise SADA market?
David Wickersham: I wouldn't think there's measurable change between them. There's still strong demand at the business critical space and other that what we've got in front of us for this quarter. 2 1/2 inch is probably on path of what we thought it would do from getting into the 3 1/2 inch space, but no radical changes.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum: But enterprise in the small foreign factor is still growing significantly.
David Wickersham: Absolutely.
William Watkins: That's the end of the call. Everybody hang in there.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-07-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William D. Watkins - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Kurt Richards - Executive Vice President of Sales and Customer Service  David A. Wickersham - President, Chief Operating Officer Charles C. Pope - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Brian S. Dexheimer - President, Consumer Solutions Division
Analysts:  Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan David Bailey - Goldman Sachs Katy Huberty- Morgan Stanley Richard Kugele - Needham & Company  Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Paul Mansky - Citigroup Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets  Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology’s fiscal fourth quarter and year-end 2008 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  This conference call contains forward-looking statements including but not limited to statements related to the company’s future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information to Seagate as of the date of this conference but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 27, 2007 and the company’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2008. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference call over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead. 
William D. Watkins: Thank you, Wesley. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. On the phone with me are Dave Wickersham, our President and Chief Operating Office; Charles Pope, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Kurt Richards, our Executive Vice President of Sales and Customer Service. Brian Dexheimer, our President of Consumer Solutions, and Pat O’Malley, our income CFO, are also available to answer questions during the Q&A session.  I’d like to start this afternoon’s call by sharing some perspective on the fourth quarter and the fiscal year we just completed, and provide some comments on our outlook for the first quarter and the remainder of fiscal year 2009. I will then turn the call over to Kurt, Dave, and finally Charles, who will cover in our detail our market operating and financial results for the quarter and the year.  In fiscal year 2008, we set new records for units shipped and revenue, which were up 15% and 12% respectively over fiscal year 2007. We delivered equally strong results in net income, which totaled $1.3 billion, up significantly over last year. Specific to the June quarter, Seagate's market leading position remained unchanged in the enterprise and desktop markets. We expanded our leadership share position in the consumer electronics market and grew share in the notebook and retail markets. And while we are certainly pleased with that kind of growth and are gratified to see the demand trends for storage continue to accelerate, we believe and we can and should be doing much better at turning an abundance of opportunity into better performance and better return for our shareholders.  To that end, we focused considerable effort over the past few quarters, successfully getting our product execution back on track, particularly in the notebook arena, where we have lost some of the first mover advantage we have historically enjoyed. We are gaining traction now with a new product lineup that will serve all markets, including the notebook market, and we expect to see significant improvement in Seagate's performance in the December quarter and continue that throughout the remainder of fiscal year 2009.  In addition to a relentless focus on product execution, we are taking action to align our cost structure with the current competitive environment, ensuring that we are investing in the right areas, operating as efficiently as possible, and eliminating redundancies. Dave and Charles will provide more details about these efforts later in the call.  Before I turn the call over to Kurt, I want to reiterate what I see as an important opportunity in our retail segment -- the business represents a significant revenue opportunity for Seagate and we are determined to be a leader in this space. We’ve been essentially flat from Q4 of last year and that’s not the kind of performance I see going forward. Our newly formed consumer solutions division is focused on improved operational execution and launching new products over the next few quarters, which I believe will lead to additional growth.  Although the residual effects of our previously mis-execution in the notebook in the near line markets will be reflected in the results of the September quarter, and the macroeconomic climate does cause some current uncertainty, we believe that our performance is largely dependent on our factors within our control. We have made strides in reclaiming our product leadership. We have confidence in our plan and we believe that we will grow revenue and improve earnings throughout the remainder of fiscal year 2009.  With that, let me turn the call over to Kurt. 
Kurt Richards: Thanks, Bill. As Bill mentioned, on the whole we expect the storage industry to continue its long-term growth profile. All macro trends from the industry, including creation, distribution, and consumption of digital content are driving significant unit demand. As a result, we believe the industry total available market, or TAM, grew by 83 million units during the fiscal year to approximately 541 million units.  Nearing fiscal 2009, we see a few near-term challenges but believe the industry will again experience solid year-over-year unit growth. Specific to June quarter, we believe the overall industry TAM was approximately 131 million units, up 18% year over year and down only 1% for the quarter, which was better than our expectations at the beginning of the quarter.  During the quarter, Seagate shipped 43 million units, up 10% year over year. We expect the overall TAM for the September quarter to be up approximately 18% quarter over quarter to approximately 154 million units. This represents a 15% year-over-year growth.  Now I’d like to give some details on the individual markets. In the mission critical enterprise space, the TAM in the June quarter remained strong at approximately 8.3 million units, representing 20% year-on-year growth. Seagate retained its share leadership position in this space as shipments grew 21% year over year to 5.2 million. For the fiscal year, Seagate shipped over 20 million enterprise drivers, more than 60% of overall enterprise drives shipped.  Demand remains strong for high capacity enterprise class SATA products. While we maintained our leadership position in this application in the June quarter, we believe additional qualifications in the coming quarter with our new Barracuda ES products will provide additional opportunities in this space.  Looking forward to the September quarter, we expect the overall enterprise demand to be flat to slightly up seasonally.  The TAM on the desktop compute market for the June quarter was approximately 59 million units. Seagate also retained its share leadership position in this market, shipping an industry leading 25.4 million units during the quarter, representing better than a market growth of 6% year over year.  For the September quarter, we expect the desktop compute TAM to be seasonally up.  In the consumer electronics applications, we believe the industry TAM was approximately 18 million units. Sequentially, Seagate extended its share leadership position in this space as shipments grew 11% to 5.7 million units. In particular, we saw in-quarter strength from several DVR customers who increased volume requirements in quarter.  We remain confident that our line of pipeline HD products designed specifically for video dependent applications will continue to set the standard for customers expectations in this space moving forward. We begin qualifications at several OEMs during this quarter for this new line of products.  We expect the CE market will experience higher seasonal demand in the September quarter.  With regard to the mobile market, the overall TAM grew 48% year over year to approximately 46 million units. We grew share sequentially by a few percentage points as Seagate shipments reached 6.9 million units, an increase of 12% year-on-year. Fiscal year shipments for Seagate grew at 37% to 26.7 million units.  We expect the September for mobile compute market to exhibit normal seasonality and be up from the June quarter.  In our branded products business, we continue to make progress. We believe industry sell-through in this market was seasonally lower, as expected. Largely based on continued supply chain performance and improved product mix, we believe Seagate gained share sequentially. Specifically, Seagate's percentage of shipments and share increased in the 2.5-inch products of 250 and greater, as well as 3.5-inch products 750 and greater.  We remain focused on continued operational improvements and new product launches over the next few quarters, which will lead to improved results in this fast-growing global market.  Now I’d like to turn the call over to Dave to provide some updates on operations. 
David A. Wickersham: Thanks, Kurt. I will cover four topics with you today; the recently announced closing of our media operations in Milpitas, California, inventory, capital, and new products.  Last week, Seagate announced additional restructuring charges related to the ongoing realignment of our media operations. The closing of the Milpitas, California media operation will be completed by early October of this year. Consolidating our media production operation provides cost reduction opportunities in addition to inventory and transit time reduction.  The savings expected from the closing of the Milpitas media operation is expected to be approximately $42 million annually. In addition, our previously announced closure of our Limavady substrate factory is on schedule and will be completed by October of this year. This is expected to result in annual savings of approximately $30 million.  As Bill mentioned, we are focused on more effectively aligning our cost structure and these are two of the many actions we will take over the next year to improve our financial results.  In the June quarter, we made progress towards properly aligning Seagate's inventory. Our inventory decreased $128 million quarter over quarter from $1.073 billion to $945 million, while inventory turns improved from 8.5 in March to 9.3 turns in June.  A decrease in finished goods of $130 million accounted for virtually all of the reduction quarter over quarter. We remain focused on the requirement to improve our inventory turns while we continue to utilize ocean shipments to help offset the increase in fuel costs. Consequently, we expect to again improve inventory turns modestly to approximately 10 in the September quarter.  Fiscal 2008 capital investment came in at $930 million. Looking ahead to fiscal 2009, and as discussed in previous calls, we are committed to ensuring our manufacturing capacity aligns with customer demand and will continue to manage our capital investments in this manner.  Accordingly, the current outlook for fiscal year 2009 capital investment is approximately $1 billion.  Last quarter I mentioned the execution of product transitions to new, higher aereal  density products was critical to our success. Recovering and sustaining time-to-market leadership remains a top priority. We have taken appropriate steps to improve our results and are confident in our ability to improve our new product execution.  In the enterprise segment, we remain focused on maintaining our product and technology leadership. We continue to see the mix of mission critical enterprise products in the market continue to evolve to 3.5-inch 15K RPM products, 2.5-inch 10K RPM products, and SAS interfaces. This aligns well to our product roadmap and storage trends such as server virtualization and ISCSI SANs. Our 15K RPM 450-gigabyte product ramp started in the June quarter and we have three major OEMs qualified. We expect to have the vast majority of the major OEM qualifications completed by the end of September.  To further strengthen our position in the enterprise market, last quarter we announced the shipment of the industry’s first 1-terabyte product with SAS interface. Customer interest in this product continues to grow and we have completed two key OEM qualifications and expect to complete two additional qualifications by the end of September.  In the personal compute market, we continue to gain traction with new products, including the industry’s first 1.5-terabyte desktop product and half-terabyte notebook drives, announced last week.  For the notebook market, the ramp of the 250-gig notebook drive has been completed and our participation in the 250-gigabyte capacity point in the June quarter was reflective of our overall notebook market share.  Qualification of our 320-gigabyte notebook product is in process, with some of the early movers already completed. For example, we announced during the quarter that we were shipping to a major OEM the industry’s first 7200 RPM 320-gigabyte notebook drive. The notebook market is expected to be highly competitive during the balance of calendar 2008, as most HDD suppliers are shipping comparable products.  Our checks indicate that we are making progress restoring our time to market competitiveness in the notebook market and we expect to begin volume shipments of our 5400 and 7200 RPM 500-gigabyte notebook drives in the December quarter. So while we have made progress, we will remain relentlessly focused on improving product execution.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles. 
Charles C. Pope: Thanks, Dave. You will find the company’s press release, 8-K, and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the investor relations section of Seagate's website at Seagate.com. I will cover the financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the September quarter. Pat O’Malley, who will be taking over the CFO role next month, is also present and will participate in the Q&A session.  For the June quarter, Seagate reported revenue of $2.9 billion and unit shipments of approximately 43 million, which reflect year-over-year growth of 6% and 10% respectively. Seagate stayed focused on maintaining supply/demand balance by reducing its own finished goods inventory by 21% and ending with 4.2 weeks of inventory on hand in the distribution channel for 3.5-inch ATA drives calculated using a four-week average of shipments out.  GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share for the June quarter are $160 million and $0.32 respectively. Included in the GAAP results are approximately $23 million of purchased intangibles amortization and other charges associated with recently completed acquisitions. Without these items and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $183 million and $0.37 respectively. Included in both the GAAP and non-GAAP results is approximately $36 million of restructuring costs, which reduced diluted earnings per share by about $0.07.  In regards to the $36 million restructuring charge in the June quarter, $16 million relates to the winding down of the media substrate plant in Limavady we announced last October and $20 million relates to severance costs for the just announced closure of our finished media operations in Milpitas, California.  As detailed in the 8-K we filed last week, we expect the total charges related to the closure of the Milpitas facility to be approximately $74 million. Of the $74 million, approximately $36 million will be cash, primarily for severance payments. In the September quarter, we expect to record charges of approximately $43 million, of which $38 million will be for accelerated asset depreciation, which will be reflected in cost of goods sold. Additional detail relating to the Milpitas closure can be found in the 8-K we filed last week.  For our fiscal year 2008, we reported revenue of $12.7 billion, up 12% year over year. Cash provided by operations was $2.5 billion and free cash flow, defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, was $1.6 billion.  During the fiscal year 2008, Seagate returned approximately $1.7 billion of cash to its shareholders, consisting of approximately $216 million through quarterly dividends and approximately $1.5 billion of share repurchases.  GAAP gross margin for the June quarter was 23.8%. Excluding approximately $8 million of acquisition related costs, non-GAAP gross margin was 24.1%. Gross margin was slightly better than expected due to favorable freight costs and lower product return rates leading to favorable warranty costs.  Like for like pricing for the quarter was as expected, near the high end of the normal range for a June quarter.  GAAP R&D and SG&A costs were $445 million for the June quarter. Excluding costs related to recent acquisitions, non-GAAP expenses were $443 million, higher than what we had expected due to litigation cost and spending aimed at improving time to market, future technology development, and expanding our markets. Slide six has the detail for the adjustments made to GAAP R&D and SG&A for the June quarter.  Cash flow from operations was $395 million for the June quarter, while free cash flow was $102 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.14 billion, down $142 million from the previous quarter. During the June quarter, Seagate returned approximately $252 million of cash to its shareholders, consisting of approximately $57 million for the quarterly dividend and $195 million of share repurchases.  Capital investment in the June quarter was $293 million and for the fiscal year totaled $930 million. As Dave previously indicated, our current plan is for approximately $1 billion of capital investment for fiscal 2009.  Depreciation and amortization for the June quarter was $213 million, essentially flat from the prior quarter. Amortization of purchased intangibles totaled approximately $20 million.  During the June quarter, the company repurchased approximately 9.1 million of its common shares at an average price of $21.36. The company has authorization to purchase approximately $2 billion of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program.  Now turning to the business outlook, the September quarter is shaping up to be a challenging quarter for Seagate so I want to clearly summarize the factors influencing our outlook for the September quarter. We are expecting like-for-like price declines beyond the high-end of the historical ranges for a September quarter, which is 3.5% to 5%, due to ample availability of supply and the commonality of product and capacity offerings among the hard disk drive suppliers.  It should be noted that a majority of the price declines are already in place because of completed OEM negotiations. This pricing dynamic, combined with Seagate selling the less cost effective products represented in our June quarter inventory, creates significant margin compression in the September quarter. We expect the favorable impact of our lower cost new products to be substantially realized as we move into the December quarter. As our new products move into volume production and the company’s cost reductions take effect, we are confident in returning to our model for gross margins.  Also, it should be noted that the macroeconomic conditions has created an environment of limited visibility and increased order volatility toward the industry. Consequently, Seagate expects revenue to be in the range of $3.15 billion to $3.3 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.18 to $0.22, and includes approximately $20 million of purchased intangible amortization and other charges associated with completed acquisitions.  Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.22 to $0.26. These estimates for the September quarter do not include restructuring costs or accelerated depreciation charges related to the previously announced closing of our substrate operations in Limavady and the finished media operations in Milpitas, California. Additionally, this outlook does not include the impact of any future acquisitions, stock repurchases, or potential restructuring activities the company may undertake during the quarter.  R&D and SG&A expenses are experiencing upward pressure due to the 14th week in Seagate's September quarter, but we expect to offset this with reductions in discretionary spending and variable compensation costs and therefore expect R&D and SG&A expense to be flat compared to the June quarter. As Bill has mentioned, we are actively working and executing plans that will more properly align operating expenses with revenue during the course of the year. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $20 million.  That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Bill. 
William D. Watkins: Thanks, Charles. Now I’d like to make a few comments regarding how we view the long-term outlook for the industry and Seagate. We believe that the demand trends for storage will continue to support healthy growth in the industry unit demand in a 10% to 15% annual range at an annual revenue growth of 5% to 10%. Specific to Seagate, we are confident that the plans we have begun to execute will improve our performance relative to time to market, inventory management, and our overall cost structure. The path to improved financial performance will not be a step function move but will be incremental as we implement numerous changes across all three areas during the fiscal year.  We expect gross margins to begin improving with the December quarter and settle into the targeted range of 21% to 25% for the balance of the fiscal year.  With that, I would like to open it up for questions. I am currently traveling so I am going to have Dave moderate the questions. With that, Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Good afternoon. A few questions; could you maybe help clarify again the impact on the margins for the September quarter? Can you maybe prioritize or rank order the impacts in terms of how much of it is related to fully available supply by all of your competitors and thereby the associated pricing detriment versus maybe increasing fuzziness in terms of the murky demand environment because of the macro, or other?
David A. Wickersham: Mark, let me try to answer that question. If we sat and looked at what we have modeled into our pricing, we’ve modeled approximately 7% price erosion for the September quarter with the historic range having been 3.5% to 5%. Now, embodied in all of that is the economic environment we’re in, the commonality of products, the ample supply throughout the industry, all of those types of things are embodied in that price erosion figure.  There is uncertainly relative to demand and visibility to that, at least in the early part of this quarter. That is historically the case where July and August are a little slower demand and then tend to pick up in the latter half of August and September.  So we have a significant pricing pressure this quarter and as we indicated, for the bulk of the September quarter we are still going to be shipping the products that were in process during the June quarter which, to a very large extent, represent some of the older, less cost effective products. And then as we start migrating through the September quarter and into December, we expect to see a meaningful improvement in that area. But it’s that cost structure along with the pricing pressure that is giving the margin compression for the September quarter. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: And then if I could follow-up on the 7% price erosion bogey, how much of that is static in terms of dependent on the OEM versus maybe some swing factors that could go in your favor on the distribution side, or increasing market penetration in notebooks or higher cap desktop? Can you help us out there?
David A. Wickersham: Well, a little more than half of it is OEM based, leaving the rest for whatever the distribution environment represents during the course of this quarter. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then my second question is Dave, can you maybe help us understand, as Bill was talking about the move toward lower cost product structure, helping out your December quarter later this year, what are kind of the puts and takes there? How much of that is going to be based on internally developed disk drives using recording heads and media internally developed versus maybe using externally developed recording heads and media?
David A. Wickersham: Mark, let me just hit that head question because as Bill mentioned, and Charles did as well, a large -- probably the largest component of our cost opportunity going forward is the successful transition of new products ramped, so let me just hit the question that I understand you are asking. Regarding whether or not we are considering the use of external technologies, as everyone knows we have a model on media that’s worked very, very successfully, which allows us to selectively use external media on particular products at roughly 10% of our total requirement. We are looking at evaluating something very similar to TDK. I wouldn’t normally mention supplier names on this call but given they are the only independent head supplier left, I’ll just get that out there and just be straightforward.  So we don’t have any shipments with them today. We are currently evaluating the use of TDK heads at this point in time. As many of you know, TDK is a very valuable and strategic supplier on a number of components today and so we are very comfortable with pursuing an agreement and a relationship on heads as well, but I’ll emphasize a couple of things.  One, it will be very similar to the media model in that it would represent 10%, approximately 10% of our total volumes, which says we’re continuing to be dependent as we are for media on internal head development and operations. And so in this case, just to get to the point that I think you might be thinking about is that as an example, the recently announced 1.5-terabyte desktop drive as well as the recently announced 500-gigabyte notebook drives will include Seagate heads. So all products will have Seagate heads and then selectively, if we proceed with TDK arrangements, which again is being looked at and considered, that would represent a smaller portion, roughly 10% of our total volume requirements. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: And is it safe to say, given your examples there in terms of the products that it would be focused on more than just one form factor, that if it does work out where you find a mutually agreeable situation, you could apply it to both notebooks as well as desktop, or even enterprise? Or would it be staged?
David A. Wickersham: That really is something that we could work out with TDK. We would basically have the flexibility but it is a very limited number of products and we would work together, as we do on media, to plan that via a roadmap planning and intercept point. So we would have the flexibility, Mark, is the short answer to use it on any product and any segment. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you and Charles, best wishes in your future endeavors. 
David A. Wickersham: Thank you, Mark. Next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey with Goldman Sachs. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much. Can you give us some more detail around the product execution problems that you are having and the impact that this might have on the September quarter? Are these new issues on the notebook side or are these the issues you’ve been dealing with for the past few quarters?
David A. Wickersham: I think it’s the latter. It’s the issues that we’ve been dealing with for the past several quarters, specifically and I think as has been discussed primarily in notebook, which has impacted not only our ability to both profitability and TAM access in the notebook space but has also impacted Brian in the retail space, so we’ve been very vocal about that. And what we are describing is how we are catching up and position with this 500-gigabyte drive we think will be competitive.  The other one that is contributing to that has been in the 1-terabyte near line space and we’ve talked a little bit about that, and that -- those two are somewhat similar in that they also were compounded or confounded with the execution and deployment of some of our platform technologies. We’re through that and now it’s just a matter of getting our focus on the qualifications done on every market segment.  So it’s really nothing new here. You’re not hearing any new execution issues. We’re just pointing out how that has prevented us from getting the full benefit of those new products, both in notebook, retail, and in enterprise space in the September quarter and we hope with our execution and planned execution through September that you will see the full benefit of that in the December quarter. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: And then just a follow-up on the pricing side -- are you being more aggressive with pricing on the notebook side as you try to regain some of the share that you’ve lost? 
Charles C. Pope: Our strategy has always been to meet the market and not lead the market. I think that we are still trying to execute to that strategy as well as we can, given the visibility that we have in the market. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty- Morgan Stanley: Dave, last quarter when you talked about extra inventory at the end of June on [inaudible] in order to catch the positive inflection point in July, it sounded like you expected to see the seasonal up-lift pretty quickly here. Are you seeing anything different in terms of either the level of demand or timing of that demand for the September quarter build?
David A. Wickersham: As Charles indicated, I think that we have a little bit less visibility. It’s not unusual to have a lack of visibility in the July quarter at this point in time but I would say our visibility is limited and so we are being very cautious in terms of how we plan basically all of our inventory capital going forward, just given that limited visibility. So I would say it’s a little bit unique this year in that regard. 
Katy Huberty- Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then Fred or Dave or Charles, it sounds like your channel inventory is at the lower end of the typical range. Inventories on your balance sheet are much healthier than March. Where is the excess supply in the industry, if it’s not on your balance sheet and it’s not your inventory in the channel?
David A. Wickersham: Well, I don’t know that I can answer that question clearly, Katy. If you look as an example, the last week of the June quarter, the 13th week, on 3.5-inch ATA and 2.5-inch ATA products, the industry shipped 20 million units, approximately 20 million units that week, compared to the 12 week average of 8.1 million units. So I’m not sure that the inventory is in the hard disk drive suppliers’ hands or balance sheet. It may well be in the customers’ and I don’t have clear visibility relative to the individual suppliers’ inventory levels in distribution channel or anything, just ours. And ours was at 4.2 weeks. 
Katy Huberty- Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s helpful math. And then lastly, what made you hold the buy-back back in mid-April? It doesn’t look like you did anything after April 14th. 
David A. Wickersham: We did not do anything after April 14th and it’s a situation where, given the transitions we were going through and the restructuring that we are anticipating and everything, we felt it prudent to maintain the cash so that we were able to maintain the liquidity and not create any issues. 
Katy Huberty- Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kugele with Needham & Company. 
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company : Thank you. Just a couple of questions here; I guess Dave, just to get into the CapEx a little bit more, can you reiterate what your expectation is for how the $1 billion might break down between the various segments, as well as in light of I guess a good way to look at Milpitas was about $10 million a quarter of media production. So if you go and take that out of worldwide supply, your thoughts on that. 
David A. Wickersham: Okay. So Rich, I won’t break it down into market segment but I will break it down into what I describe as a more -- it’s really a more typical or traditional mix, maybe one-third, one-third, one-third roughly between heads, media, and then what I call the back end of the line, the assembly and test, unlike a little bit more facilities investments for the woodlands three and Johor in ’08. So the $1 billion represents more technology and then just aligning the supply chain to the roughly 10% to 15% unit growth that we anticipate year over year.  As far as by taking Milpitas capacity offline, we think there’s certainly adequate capacity between Seagate and our partners to cover Seagate and likewise, I think with the plan investments and finished media capacity, I don’t anticipate any kind of media shortfall. It’s obviously tighter in December on paper but I think there’s adequate planned or installed capacity to handle that. 
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company : Okay, and then just lastly on pricing, I understand your products not necessarily being at the upper end and not being able to participate there, in part for why the 7% down but do you think the industry will also see 7% down? And you know, because there are other companies who have aereal densities higher and are participating at different levels. Is that an industry number or is that a Seagate number?
David A. Wickersham: The 7% that I quoted is a Seagate. There are probably a few capacity points or something, or a few unique products in the industry that are outside of that and may not have the same type of pressure but I think they are very few in exception. And as I indicated, our intent and our strategy is to meet market, not lead market, so I would be surprised to find that the entire industry is meaningfully different than that. 
Richard Kugele - Needham & Company : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wachovia. 
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess one clarification, if I can go back to the commentary around the new 500-gig products shipping; are you telling us that when that product ships, it will be using Seagate heads at this point? Or would you position yourself to using TDK up front and then quickly there following after with Seagate heads? I’m just trying to understand if you are getting into the market using -- if there’s a technology challenge that you guys are trying to overcome. 
David A. Wickersham: Let me take that. We’re not going to talk specifically, as I said before, nor have we ever on media or any other specific supplier strategy by product. I would only suffice it to say that that will have RHO heads include. It’s yet to be determined how and where we’ll be going to deploy the TDK technology. It’s still being evaluated and frankly qualified as well. 
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Okay. And another clarification, if I can then, on the guidance for the gross margin, I believe you had mentioned that you were going to take a $43 million restructuring charge that’s not included in the guidance for this next quarter on a non-GAAP basis. But when we look at the EPS report this quarter, we did see a restructuring charge. Are we to come out next quarter and then see restructuring charges at $43 million included in the numbers?
David A. Wickersham: That is correct. 
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Okay, so $38 million -- so that roughly 18% what it looks like in terms of the gross margin, that’s exclusive of a $38 million charge to COGS?
David A. Wickersham: That is correct. 
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Okay. And then final thing -- in the past you’ve been able to give some color on free cash flow generation. Could you take a stab at what you currently see or expect in terms of free cash flow for fiscal ’09?
Charles C. Pope: I’d be hard-pressed to give the fiscal ’09. I expect the September quarter to be difficult and it, with the restructuring, may well be a negative free cash flow for September. I would expect good free cash flow numbers past September because there won’t be the restructuring. There will be some expansion in margin during that period of time and relatively balanced capital equipment acquisition over the course of the year. 
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Mansky with Citigroup. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: A clarification; on the question, I wanted to kind of go back to the consumer expectations. You mentioned that you expected normal seasonality this quarter and yet I’m sure we’re all pretty acutely aware that it’s anything but normal out there presently now. When I think about that in the context of your guidance, which also does at the top line, at least, look fairly normal, normal seasonal, where are the puts and the takes that would give you some -- how shall we say, some wiggle room relative to that consumer volatility? Hello?
Brian S. Dexheimer: Let me tackle that. I think your question is probably a little bit broader than just consumer per se, so let me kind of back you up into what our expectations are. I think we mentioned in a couple of different points in the presentation, but we do expect to see 58% year-on-year unit growth across the whole industry. I think Kurt mentioned that in his comments, so upwards of 150 million drives. Now, the other thing we did mention is, and I think Dave hit on this, is the visibility to that demand is somewhat limited and maybe more so because of the economic uncertainty that you point out. So there is some risk in that. I think in the context of share growth, we’re not really planning a significant amount of share growth beyond the product execution focus that you heard a number of folks talk about so this plan is not particularly share dependent. It is dependent on a 15% year-on-year unit growth and the sequential seasonal growth that we normally see.  Now, I think in the notebook space there’s every reason to believe that that will likely continue. I think in consumer electronics, there’s probably a reason to believe that that will continue as well. I think if I were going to break it down for you by market segment, the areas I might focus on would be the B2B dependent spaces like enterprise and then the pure retail space around our branded products. Those are probably the two highest risk areas relative to any changes in the macroeconomic environment that float back into our category.  I will say that our category through a number of points of turmoil in the last six to nine months, this is a question we’ve been asking ourselves now for the better part of a year, has continued to persevere and so the basic overall demand for storage so far has been able to bust through any uncertainties that we’ve seen today. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: And I may have misspoke, two questions and a clarification; the second question is on the DVR comments, the intra-quarter up-tick in demand, is that a share issue or do you view that to be an in-demand issue?
Brian S. Dexheimer: Well, we gained a little bit of share in the June quarter and we think overall demand was a little bit higher as well. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Okay, great. And then on the clarification, in the press release and then again in some of the prepared remarks indicated year-over-year growth. I just want to -- you know, throughout the balance of the year, after we get out of September -- I just want to clarify that that is year-over-year growth in revenue and EPS in each quarter of the fiscal year expected following this upcoming September quarter?
Charles C. Pope: It is growth in revenue. We do not expect to necessarily have year-over-year growth in earnings each quarter but we expect significantly improved earnings in December and then maintain or improve those improved earnings during the remainder of fiscal 2009. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. A couple of quick questions; first of all, you mentioned getting back to 10 times inventory turns as you get out to the December quarter. Is that a stopping point or do you see further improvement possibilities after that?
David A. Wickersham: We see further improvements. We are doing what I’ll call some strategic buffering, given the closure of Limavady and Milpitas, so we’ve taken that into account in our September so clearly there’s some upside as we work that down to a normal profile. And then secondly as we continue to look to optimize our supply chain, you know, both in the core business as well as in our retail channel, I think there’s some opportunity there but as I mentioned, we’re also trading off some opportunities to try to be opportunistic on using more cost-effective modes of transportation where possible.  So I do see definite upside to it, a turn or two, through the balance of the year but we are going to step our way through that. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then two other quick questions; when you mentioned pressures from a commonality of products, were you only talking about notebook computers or were there other areas that you were trying to reference as well?
David A. Wickersham: Really, there’s a high level of commonality in all of the markets at this point in time. I think that there may be a little bit of exception in the 450-gigabyte enterprise space but if you sat and look at the desktop compute, the mobile compute, and most of the consumer electronics, there’s capacity point and performance that is very similar, so on the enterprise having the 450-gigabyte 15,000 RPM and the 1-terabyte SAS may give us a little edge in those two areas but all the rest are pretty common. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question was just on the time to market improvements that you can get, were you only talking about new products or are there execution opportunities, say when you sell into specific supply chains, like the retail market as well?
David A. Wickersham: The answer is yes. I mean, we have time to market opportunities both in terms of completing the qualifications that I described, some of the new products that we described, and then likewise as Brian sees the benefit of us catching up on time to market, particularly in the notebook space but also in the desktop space. Brian too will see the benefit of that. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : I have two, if I could; number one, could you talk about over the next couple of quarters, or two quarters in particular, how you see the competitive dynamics on the enterprise changing either in the SAS or the SATA side, please?
Kurt Richards: I really don’t see a lot of change. I think as we said, it’s a competitive market. We’ve got competitive products. We have a couple of unique out-layers in our 450 and our 1-terabyte SAS as Charles mentioned, but don’t see the dynamics in that space any different than what we’ve seen the last couple of years. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : And so just to be clear, if I looked out over the next couple of quarters, two quarters in particular, holding, gaining, or share do you think?
Kurt Richards: Holding. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : In enterprise. 
Kurt Richards: Yeah, our plan is to hold. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : Okay. Then the second question is you are coming off of your September quarter is a 14-week quarter. You already gave us the OpEx. Does that involve any incremental revenue associated with the 14 quarter? And related, as we look at December, what are the implications if any on sequential patterns from going back from 14 to 13, both on the revenues and the cost side?
David A. Wickersham: Charles, do you want to take that?
Charles C. Pope: Keith, there’s a lot of debate on this. You’d like to believe that the 14th week brings some additional revenue. As we sat and talked internally and talked with our customers, it seems that people tend to focus more on the quarter and it tends to be more calendar quarter oriented. Certainly as our -- the September quarter tends to be more back-end loaded and certainly with the distribution channel, we basically have to align with our competitors because of the capacity that the distributors have and that would be in our competitors’ 13th week.  I think if there is some upside opportunity, it would probably be in the OEM base as they are building out for the December quarter and everything, so we think we’ve factored that in but it’s a topic of discussion. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : Okay. And just let me sneak one more then on the inventory; you mentioned there were some incremental inventories out there in the channel. I assume that’s all at the 3.5-inch level, that that’s at the channel but is it -- because I’m assuming it’s not at the OEMs. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Charles C. Pope: Of the 20 million units that I referred to in the 13th week was going to both OEMs and distribution. I think that there was a lift in the distribution so that on a comparable basis, it wouldn’t surprise me if Seagate's channel inventories at 4.2 weeks are a couple of weeks below what the remainder of the industry are.  You know, the difference is that on 3.5-inch ATA, you have about a 50-50 split between OEM and distribution. On 2.5-inch ATA, it’s more 75-80 OEM and 20% distribution, so it’s predominantly 3.5-inch ATA, but not all of it. 
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jayson Noland with Robert W. Baird. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Just a couple of questions; first, as a follow-up to the previous question, any additional color you can provide on the channel? It looks like revenues came down a bit sequentially and year over year. Is there anything going on there that you can talk about?
David A. Wickersham: I think right now, I guess our version is that quarter over quarter, channel was a little bit down. But looking forward, this is typically a quarter where it has a pretty robust quarter. So I think the visibility statement applies to what we talked about earlier today. It’s really hard to kind of tell inside that today. 
Charles C. Pope: I guess the one embellishment I would make to that is that given the macroeconomic environment, it seems that the vast majority of the customer base are trying to run a little leaner than they historically would, which gives a little less buffer there, a little less revenue opportunity. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then on the notebook side, last quarter you gave a percent of TAM addressed. What was your view of the percent of the notebook TAM addressed in June and then what will that be in the September quarter?
David A. Wickersham: Let me take a shot at that because I don’t know off the top of my head, and maybe I’ll ask the other guys to chime in. I’ll think about it in terms of the way we are addressing the 320-gigabyte, I would say we’re only in the September quarter, maybe half of that is served of our opportunity, just given the prolonged qualifications and the late qualifications this quarter. So from a Seagate perspective, as it relates to that unique capacity point, I would say it’s roughly 50% September and then resolved in December. 
Kurt Richards: I think as we exit the quarter, we’re in a much better position from a percentage of market participation, arguably early September. 
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum Capital.
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: Thank you. I just want a clarification of something earlier; going into the September quarter, the 7% ASP pressure, that was a Seagate-specific comment, is that correct? You would assume that others within the industry may see less than that. Did I interpret that correctly?
Charles C. Pope: It was a Seagate comment. It was one like-for-like capacity points and did not reflect mix associated with it. We do see a little bit of improvement in mix so that it comes down from the 7%. I’m looking at an ASP as would be reported but on a like-for-like product basis, it was 7% and Seagate-specific. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: Okay. And then on the significant gross margin compression we’re looking for in the September quarter, how much of that has to do with pricing and how much of that has to do with shipping older, less cost effective products out of inventory?
Charles C. Pope: Well, historically we have modeled average price erosion on a like-for-like basis at about 5% and have then wanted to offset two to three points of cost with component reduction and cost reduction product transitions, and then a couple of points with improved mix of products. This quarter, if you look at the like-for-like, we have 7% price erosion, a small amount of mix improvement, but from a cost, product cost structure perspective, it’s largely the same cost structure that we had in the June quarter as we migrate through some of these products. And so that’s the narrative. I have to kind of let you put your arm around which comes first. 
William D. Watkins: Let me add a little bit. I mean realistically, pricing, inventories, those are kind of new problems right now. But the real issue here is we’ve been sloppy on product execution, we’ve been sloppy on qualifications and we’ve been sloppy on how we are doing our spending. And that solely rests on me and the management team, and this is in our control. We have a plan. We’re starting to execute on it and that’s what we need to go do, because there’s plain demand out there. We have a good market but we at Seagate have got to execute, and we’re starting to do that. We’re starting to see the progress of that and I think as we go through this quarter and these product qualifications finish up, we are going to see this in December. But at the end of the day, it’s about us and what we have to go do. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: Right, and then on the commonality of products leading to ASP pressure, it kind of suggests to everybody’s mindset that we should see maybe price wars or very aggressive pricing. But then you kind of walk away with that and try to take all the -- you know, maybe catch all the arrows yourself. Although we may have commonality of products, we haven’t seen the industry add significant capacity by anybody over the last year and with you giving 18% quarter over quarter growth and a similar number on year-over-year growth, it doesn’t seem we’re in an industry that could be positioned with a whole lot of excess supply. Am I looking at that wrong?
David A. Wickersham: I’ll take a stab -- the answer is no. I mean, the good thing is as Brian has talked about, Charles and others, the good news is we continue to see exceptional growth and demand in both September and December year over year that’s very healthy. That too requires each of us to add capacity, both the vertically integrated as well as the non-vertically integrated and from my view, it’s similar from what you say in that I think people are being responsible in terms of adding both component and assembly capacity and I think that’s a good sign for the industry. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: So my last question to leave on is as we look at this company and your guidance for the September quarter, which is not disappointing in revenue but very disappointing in earnings, seems to be to use Mr. Watkins’ words, seems to be sloppy execution, sloppy qualification work, [inaudible] specific concerns and don’t be surprised if we don’t hear that the message is a little bit cheerier elsewhere?
David A. Wickersham: I think we’ll take that as a comment and -- 
William D. Watkins: Yeah. We’re focused on what we have to go do, Christian, and we believe in what we’re doing and if we do that, we’re going to be fine. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: Perfect. One last question -- can you quantify the cost savings per drive on the next generation products?
William D. Watkins: We’re not going to go down that path. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital: Thank you. 
William D. Watkins: So in conclusion here, guys, I would like to address one organizational matter. As you likely know, Charles Pope has chosen to transition out of his role as Chief Financial Officer, a position that will pass to the very capable hands of Pat O’Malley. I would like to thank Charles for his many years of outstanding service as Seagate's CFO.  Moving forward, as recently announced, Charles will assume the leadership responsibility for Seagate's services and he has also accepted the role of Executive Vice President Strategic Planning and corporate development, including mergers and acquisitions, and we look forward to his contribution going forward.  With that, people, thank you and we’ll see you in the next call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bill Watkins – President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Brian Dexheimer – President, Consumer Solutions Division Dave Wickersham – President, Chief Operating Officer Charles Pope – Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Rich Kugele – Needham & Company Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Paul Mansky – Citigroup Shebly Seyrafi – Caris & Company Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets Andrew Neff – Bear Stearns Shaw Wu – American Technology Research Mark Miller – Brean Murray, Carret & Co. Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird 
Operator:  Welcome to the Seagate Technology’s fiscal third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. (Operator instructions).  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to the company’s future financial performance. These forward looking statements are based on information available to the Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward looking statements.  Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 27, 2007 and in the company’s quarterly on Form 10-Q as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2008. These forward looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to undertake any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. 
Bill Watkins:  On the phone with me is Dave Wickersham, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Dexheimer, President of our newly formed Consumer Solutions Division.  As announced earlier in the quarter we have established a consumer solutions division to focus solely on making Seagate a leader in the home storage market. As we had stated at that time, we are very bullish about the long-term growth opportunity for home storage.  Moving forward, Brian will be dedicating 100% of his efforts to achieving Seagate’s aggressive goals in this area. Next I’d like to start this afternoon’s call by sharing some perspective on the third quarter and providing some context on our fourth quarter outlook. I will then turn the call over to Brian, Dave and finally Charles who will cover in more detail our market, operating and financial results for the third quarter.  Our results for the third quarter continue to demonstrate that this is a great time to be a leader in the storage industry. Seagate experienced solid year over year revenue and earnings growth.  For the quarter, revenue increased 10% year over year to $3.1 billion, shipping approximately 8% more than we did in the third quarter of last year. Net income grew 62% year over year to $344 million.  In the first nine months of fiscal year 2008, we reported over $1 billion in net income. During the back half of March there was a steep decline in the demand for personal storage products, followed by what we believe were strong incentives from our competitors.  These developments within the context of our ongoing commitment to maintaining financial discipline resulted in revenues below our expectations. As I mentioned to you in January, our model is a powerful generator of cash which we have increasingly returned to our stock shareholders.  I am pleased to report that the free cash flow for the quarter was approximately $390 million, bringing our nine-month fiscal period free cash total to approximately $1.5 billion. Most recently the Board’s commitment to returning value to the shareholders was demonstrated in February by an increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.10 per share to $0.12 per share and an additional authorization to repurchase up to $2.5 billion in outstanding common shares over the next two years.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Dexheimer:  As we have previously outlined in our mid-quarter update, we expected March to be a key month in determining the outcome for the quarter. While we anticipated typically strong industry demand for the month of March, in fact we experienced an unexpected drop in demand for 3.5-inch ATA products in the last couple of weeks.  As a result, while year over year industry growth for the quarter was nearly 9%, the month of March year over year comparisons in the space were actually flat. We believe market concerns with macro-economic pressures contributed to the change in hard drive demand as it was concentrated mostly in the US channel in retail markets.  The impact of these concerns ultimately led to our revenue number coming in below our expectations. That said, year over year comparisons confirmed growth trends for digital storage remained strong as the digital universe continues to expand. We believe the overall industry total available market for the March quarter was approximately 131 million units, up 16% year over year but down 9% quarter-over-quarter, which was lower than our previous expectations. Seagate shipped 43 million units in the quarter, up 8% year over year.  We believe that this less than market growth rate is specifically driven by our performance in 2.5-inch ATA products which I’ll address later. Overall demand visibility for the quarter and the June quarter is limited as our customers continued to assess the impact the current economy will have on their own businesses.  Consequently we expected overall TAM to be down 5% quarter over quarter to 120 to 125 million units. This represents 8-12% year over year growth. In the mission critical enterprise space, the TAM in the March quarter was within our expectations and remained strong at approximately 8.3 million units, representing 15% year on year growth.  Seagate grew its leadership position in this market with shipments of 5.3 million units during the quarter. Seagate’s small form factor enterprise drives continued to be in high demand as data centers look to reduce energy consumption without compromising capacity or performance. Seagate products are at the forefront of this growing trend. During the March quarter 1.8 million or 34% of Seagate’s enterprise drive shipments were 2.5-inch form factor.  As we have mentioned the last few quarters, the build out of web 2.0 data centers and replacement of tape solutions with drive-to-drive backup solutions are driving growth for high capacity enterprise class SATA products.  We saw continued growth for these applications in the March quarter with year on year growth doubling as Seagate increased its leadership position. Looking forward to the June quarter, we expect the overall enterprise demand to be slightly down seasonally.  The TAM in the desktop compute market decreased 9% sequentially to approximately 62 million units. Seagate shipped an industry leading 27 million units during the quarter. This market continued to trend toward higher capacity drives during the March quarter. Our shipments also moved in this direction with the sales of 1 terabit barracuda drives reaching nearly 0.5 million units during the quarter.  As a result, Seagate continued to drive technology leadership in this space with a higher than average share representation in products greater than 320 gigabits. For the June quarter we expect the desktop compute TAM to be seasonally down. And consumer electronics applications, we believe the industry TAM was about 18 million units, down 23% sequentially.  The seasonal decline in this market was driven by expected lower shipments in personal media players and gaming applications. Seagate maintained its leadership position by shipping 5.1 million units, down sequentially primarily as the result of seasonal demand for gaming drives.  DDR penetration continued globally with industry TAM growing 25% year on year. In the DDR our pipeline HD series of products began qualification during the quarter and we have received excellent customer feedback regarding market leading performance attributes important to this application. We expect the CE market will continue to experience lower seasonal demand in the June quarter. With regards to the mobile compute market, the TAM grew 41% year over year to 42 million units.  Seagate shipped 5.5 million units into this market during the quarter, an increase of 18% year on year. As I stated earlier, 2.5-inch products are the single driver of our current gap to market growth rate. We’re not pleased with our performance or position in this market and are very focused on improving our results in all 2.5-inch products during the calendar year.  During the March quarter we moved forward in this direction with the ramp to full volume of our 250-gigabit product. In addition, we’ve begun shipments of qualification units of our 320-gigabit product and expect volume production to commence during the June quarter.  We have successfully engaged customers in the notebook and retail markets for these product offerings and expect to begin to see positive results from our efforts in the June quarter. We expect the June quarter for the mobile compute market to exhibit normal seasonality and be down from the March quarter.  In our branded solutions business, our focus in the March quarter was on improving our supply chain and go to market execution. We were successful in fulfilling all partner supply requirements through the quarter and introducing important new capacity points in both brands to position for more complete market participation going forward.  In addition, we have realigned marketing programs with key channel partners in North America during the quarter to better position our product offerings and improve demand generation. We believe all these activities will improve short-term execution beginning in the June quarter. As we look forward we remain optimistic about the opportunity for storage in the home and we will continue to focus on improving execution innovation across our offerings.  Now I’d like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our operations.
Dave Wickersham:  Thanks Brian. Three topics I would like to cover with you today, inventory, capital and new products. Seagate’s inventory increased $243 million quarter-over-quarter from $830 million to $1.07 billion and inventory turns were 8.5 in the March quarter.  The softening in demand we experienced for 3.5-inch ATA products during the last couple weeks of the quarter was the primary cause of reduced inventory turns as finished goods increased $194 million. Raw materials also increased by $54 million resulting from strategic purchases of external components.  Although we have since adjusted our bill plans to consume excess finished goods this quarter, we plan to maintain some finished goods at the end of June to decrease freight costs by utilizing ocean shipments. Consequently, we expect inventory turns to be approximately nine for the June quarter.  In regards to fiscal 2008 capital investment, there is no change to the outlook of approximately $900 million. As you know a large portion of our fiscal 2008 capital investment is for the expansion of our fixed media and substrate factories in Asia.  Looking out to fiscal 2009, we expect the mix of our capital investment to move back to the traditional split of approximately one-third for media, one-third for heads and one-third for drive assembly and test.  As discussed in previous calls, we are committed to ensuring our manufacturing capacity aligns with customer demand and will continue to manage our capital investments accordingly. We are currently evaluating our requirements for the seasonal growth in the September and December quarters and will finalize our fiscal 2009 plan this quarter and will update you in July regarding our fiscal 2009 capital investments.  At this point in time we anticipate a modest increase in our capital investment year over year. In the notebook market we continued to make progress qualifying and ramping the new high capacity products. As this market moves rapidly to higher capacity points, our execution in ramping notebook new products is critical to our success. As planned the 250-gigabit product shipped in volume during the March quarter. Additionally we began the initial shipments of the 320-gigabit product in the March quarter and we expect to ramp this product to volume throughout the June quarter.  For the desktop market, our new products continued to experience broad customer adoption. We were the leader in bringing to market the 250-gigabit per disk products and this products family continues to be very cost effective. Demand for our 1-terabit product was strong as its 7200-RPM performance differentiated it from competitive offerings. And in the March quarter we began volume shipment of our 320-gigabit per disk ATA product family.  The success we have had in the mission critical enterprise market is directly related to our ability to deliver leading product technology capacity form factor performance and interface to our customers over a sustained period of time. Customers continue to drive changes in this market as the mix continues to evolve to 3.5-inch 15,000-RPM products, 2.5-inch 10K RPM products and SAS interfaces. To strengthen our leadership position we recently brought to market a number of product offerings.  First qualification of our 15,000 RPM 450 gigabit product are in progress and volume is expected to ramp in the June quarter. Secondly, last week we announced the first self-encrypting drive which offers the best solution for protecting data at rest. Hard drives where sensitive information are being decommissioned and removed from the data center on a daily basis and this technology enables data center managers to rest assured the data is secure and not accessible to unauthorized users.  And lastly we announced the shipment of the industry’s first 1-terabit product with a SAS interface. The SAS interface provides Seagate’s customers with enhanced data pass integrity, error detection and correction, better performance and a simpler integration process.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles.
Charles Pope:  You will find the company’s press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the investor relations section of Seagate’s website at Seagate.com.  For the March quarter Seagate reported revenue of $3.1 billion and unit shipments of approximately 43 million which reflect year over year growth of 10% and 8% respectively.  In the final two weeks of the March quarter, demand for 3.5-inch ATA products weakened particularly in the distribution channel. Seagate stayed focused on maintaining supply demand balance in the distribution channel and ended the quarter with 4.4 weeks of inventory on hand in the channel using a four week average.  Our focus continues to be optimizing profitability and cash flow without retreating on our market share. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share for the March quarter are $344 million and $0.65 respectively.  Included in the GAAP results are approximately $29 million of purchased intangibles amortization and other charges associated with recently completed acquisitions as well as a net gain from asset sales of $4 million. Without these items and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $369 million and $0.70 respectively.  Included in both the GAAP and non-GAAP results is approximately $20 million of restructuring and other non-operating charges which reduced diluted earnings per share by about $0.04. For the first nine months of fiscal 2008, we reported revenue of $9.8 billion, up 14% year over year.  Net income and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis are up in excess of 9% year over year. Cash generation continues to be strong with cash provided by operations of $2.1 billion and free cash flow defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures of $1.5 billion.  During the course of fiscal 2008, Seagate has returned approximately $1.44 billion of cash to its shareholders consisting of approximately $159 million through quarterly dividends and approximately $1.28 billion of share repurchases. GAAP gross margin for the March quarter was 26.3%, excluding approximately $12 million of acquisition related costs, non-GAAP gross margin was 26.7%.  Gross margin increased approximately 30 basis points from the prior quarter due primarily to a favorable mix of products within specific markets and across markets. GAAP R&D and SG&A costs were $418 million for the March quarter.  Excluding costs related to recent acquisitions, non-GAAP expenses were $416 million, lower than what we had expected by about $20 million due mainly to lower compensation related costs primarily from slower than planned hiring and favorable depreciation expense due to the push out of capital investments. Slide 6 has the detail for the adjustments made to GAAP R&D and SG&A for the March quarter.  Cash flow from operations was $665 million for the March quarter while free cash flow was $390 million. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.28 billion, down $467 million from the previous quarter.  During the March quarter, Seagate returned approximately $836 million of cash to its shareholders consisting of approximately $52 million of the quarterly dividend and $784 million of share repurchase. Capital investment in the March quarter was $275 million and for the first nine months totaled $637 million.  As Dave previously indicated, we continue to plan for approximately $900 million of capital investment for fiscal 2008. Depreciation and amortization for the March quarter was $211 million, down slightly from the prior quarter. Amortization of purchased intangibles totaled approximately $26 million. During the March quarter the company took delivery of 36 million shares related to its share repurchase plan with an average price of $21.79.  This was previously disclosed on March 4. We put in place a 10B51 plan that allows the company to repurchase shares during periods it would normally be locked out of the market. Utilizing this plan, as of April 14, the company has repurchases approximately 9.1 million shares at an average share price of $21.36. The company has authorization to purchase approximately $2 billion of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program.  Now I’ll provide some further detail on our outlook for the June quarter. As Brian mentioned, visibility into the June quarter is limited as macro-economic situation which impacted 3.5-inch ATA demand at the end of the March quarter, this makes providing an outlook all the more difficult. With that said, for the June quarter we are expecting industry unit demand to fall below normal seasonal patterns which are typically down around 5%. Like for like price declines are typically more aggressive in the June quarter as compared to the March quarter.  We expect this to hold true and have modeled price declines to be near the upper end of the 4% to 7% range. Consequently, Seagate expects revenue to be in the range of $2.85 billion to $3 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.37 to $0.41 and includes approximately $21 million of purchased intangible amortization and other charges associated with the recently completed acquisitions. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding acquisition related costs are expected to be $0.41 to $0.45.  R&D and SG&A expenses are expected to be relatively flat as compared to the March quarter. Other income and expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $20 million and the tax rate is expected to be approximately 5%. As always this outlook does not include the impact of any future acquisitions, stock repurchases or restructuring activities the company may undertake during the quarter.  That concludes my remarks; I will now turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Watkins:  On behalf of the management team I’d like to thank our employees around the world for their continued dedication to making Seagate the leading storage solutions company in the world.  So with that let’s open up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rich Kugele - Needham & Company.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: On the notebook side, how much of the market do you actually think is tied to the 320 gig today or even the 250 that perhaps you didn’t completely serve in the March quarter, to understand better on how much of the market opportunity you actually didn’t have on the table and will have on the table in the second half of the year.
Brian Dexheimer:  I think our best estimations are on the March quarter that a combination of products that are 250 and above in the 2.5-inch space were on the order of 20-25% of the total TAM. So if you want to look at it from that perspective we only really participated during the full quarter in about 70-75% of the TAM.
Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: And then in terms of 2008 as a whole, do you still expect the, well I guess what is your industry expectation for units and then do you think that you’ll then have to exceed that level to regain share on the notebooks and are you putting in place then the capacity there Dave for that type of a level or should we just assume that you’ll gain share really in 09?
Dave Wickersham:  First on notebooks specifically as Brian mentioned in his commentary, we have worked with our OEMs on the ramps last quarter, the 250 gig products. So on that one we do in fact think that we will have some modest opportunity as we look into the June quarter. So we expect to see that. And I think as Charles indicated earlier, another area is our plan is to pretty much hold our share. So that’s what we factored into both our capacity plans now and we’re not talking pretty much about FY09 at this point in time. But you could assume that similar thought process as we look at FY09.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: Can you talk a little more about just this visibility issue in terms of looking out to June Charles or Bill, you mentioned the macro had an impact on the 3.5 inch ATA demand, just kind of curious how much of that really is macro versus market share? Because if it really is a macro wouldn’t most of your segments have exhibited some sort of southern decline or V shaped decline?
Brian Dexheimer:  Mark, here’s my explanation for it, because in contrast we haven’t seen the enterprise market for instance slow down and we’ve been watchful for several months on that because there’s a traditional wisdom that might say that that would be the first place you’d see a macro-economic effect.  The reality is that it appears the data center storage is still in the [parado] of data center expenses still relatively high and I think there’s some third party information out there that would support that. So we’re not seeing it there, where we’re seeing it is in places that seem to be a little more transient in terms of purchases and I would put the client in that space, so either the notebook or the desktop.  And so I think that’s the place where certainly commercial organizations and arguably consumers have more flexibility on delaying or eliminating purchases because those tend to be a little bit more transient in terms of purchase behavior. And in fact that’s exactly where we saw the last couple weeks of March end up where we saw those transient kinds of products freeze up to some degree and we really saw that in the markets that were in the channels that were more transactional, i.e. retail and US distribution.  So I think all that kind of fits together, it makes sense to me why you’d see it there and maybe not in some other places. Now the real question I think as we go forward and this relates to visibility, is adapting into spread both regionally and then up the food chain if you will with the less transient types of items.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: You talked about the opportunity in the 250-gigabit notebook going forward, just wanted to get a sense in terms of, sounds like the products there; the yields are there, what about the OEM reception? Is there a place for Seagate early on or do you have to wait until the market grows, to get a seat, how should we think about the OEMs dolling out that business versus some of your peers?
Dave Wickersham:  As I indicated to Rich’s question earlier, I think as far as the 250 capacity points, mentioned the qualifications are largely complete, that’s behind us and the modest share growth that I talked to is underpinned and our customers like Seagate, the value we bring, so admittedly we were late to the party but we are very confident, we have great relationships and great product breadth and we’re bringing value to those customers.  So those are underpinned. And as we go forward as we frankly catch up on the 320-gigabit notebook product we would expect a similar opportunity.
Mark Moskowitz – J.P. Morgan: Charles, I wanted to ask you a question as far as the gross margin outlook, can you give us some swing factors in terms of what type of range we should be expecting for gross margin going into the June quarter and how much of it is really mix driven versus changing dynamics in terms of price?
Charles Pope:  Okay, the math that you will apply to the numbers that we’ve given you will come out with gross margins being roughly 23%. And how that translates is as stated we think that like price erosions towards the higher end of the typical range, it’s not at 7% but it’s pushing towards that range and we are often times able to offset the price erosion by either reduced product costs as we introduce new products or by mixing to higher performance higher capacity products. That offset this quarter is only between 1.5-2% and so we are seeing some margin compression during the June quarter as a result of the mix of product that we are shipping and that’s both mix within a given market that we serve and then to a certain extent also across the market.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Bailey - Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: I was just trying to get a comment on the downturn that happened in the last two weeks of March. Have you seen that continue into the month of April so far and did you see any slowing on the OEM side as well or was it constrained just to the channel?
Brian Dexheimer:  No we didn’t see any slowdown necessarily on the OEM side. To answer your question about what we’ve seen so far this quarter, in the context of a market that we expect to be down 5%, it seems like things are okay relative to that trajectory at this point.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Okay and then just a quick clarification, did you say in one of the earlier questions that 2.5 also saw some slowness or is it only the 3.5 inch?
Brian Dexheimer:  It was most pronounced in 3.5-inch.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Okay but there was some on the 2.5-inch side as well?
Brian Dexheimer:  Yes a little bit.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Do you expect any restructuring charge in the June quarter?
Bill Watkins:  At this moment in time I don’t know off the top of my head David, I don’t anticipate any but I would need to look at that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley:  On the enterprise business first, some of your competitors are catching up on the quality and product cycle front, do you think you can sustain the above trend line market share that you’ve seen in the last couple of quarters?
Dave Wickersham:  The short answer is yes. As I mentioned before we continue to offer a number of new products and features that our customers need and we’re confident that we can attain share given our current position.
Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley:  And then with the plans to ocean ship more product in June would you expect to see any difference in the timing of the September quarter demand spike?
Dave Wickersham:  No, I mean it’s the same increase in seasonality you know July will be strong, we want to use that to our advantage actually to position product in front of that July increase as well as get the oceans savings but no, nothing abnormal this September quarter that we’ve seen in the past.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Mansky - Citi.
Paul Mansky – Citigroup: Just as we kind of look in the back half of the year, obviously there’s a pretty big as it relates to some of your comments around how you’re balancing out the capital additions, clearly there’s a pretty big holiday build tied up in September. As we sit here today, how are you approaching that, what’s your expectations or how are you approaching that consumer build?
Dave Wickersham:  What we’re seeing is a 10-15% year over year in the September build and what we will do is we will position some inventory as indicated before in advance of that and as I mentioned from a capital perspective we’ll make some of those investments in the June quarter. But we’re going to continue to look very closely at the linearity, more at the peak in December and the peak in September.  Last year I should say we were extremely conservative coming into this, we’re going to continue to be very mindful of our capital investments and not invest any dollar before we need to. So frankly I don’t see approaching this September December seasonality and increase in requirements much different than last year.  So again we’re being very mindful, I think we’ve got the lead times relationships the processes in place to defer capital investment as long as possible. And to the extent we can do that, we’ll do that again this year.
Paul Mansky – Citigroup: And just by way of a quick follow up, I heard you say 4.4 weeks I believe for Seagate, can you take a stab on where you think the industry level inventory sits in the channel?
Bill Watkins:  Nearly 6. 5.8.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company.
Shebly Seyrafi – Caris & Company: So assuming that the like for like price declines track more normally than the back half of calendar 08, what kind of lift to gross margins do you see from 23% in June say by the end of the year?
Bill Watkins:  We’ve indicated that we expect our long-term range to be 21-25, we’re operating above that at this point in time but in reality until we go through our fiscal year planning and are able to look at what kind of mix and what kind of environment we’re operating in, I wouldn’t have a good speculation at this point.
Shebly Seyrafi – Caris & Company: Is it fair to say it will increase though from current levels considering that seasonality is usually positive in the back half? Countering that of course is this recessionary environment we’re in and additionally can you also comment on your thoughts on demand for PCs, whether you think that that’s slowing down and that’s perhaps impacting your forecast? 
Bill Watkins:  Again we’re looking at a March quarter that was 10% up from a year ago and we’re looking at a June forecast that’s 10% up from a year ago. So again we think these trends, whether there’s a recession, these are still 10% growth and as we look at it we think the market will continue to have double-digit growth and we’re going to participate in that.  We obviously don’t think we’re going to grow at faster than the market per se but we think the market has very decent growth to it and again we’re looking at, as much as you want to look at the forecast these are still 10% year on year. We’d expect September to be the same or better and December and so again we’re kind of planning that way and we see all indications from our customers that would support that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: To follow up on the notebooks, as you think about the 25% of your TAM that you can now fulfill, more specifically do you have to use price to garner the attention of the OEMs or how is that share shift going to unfold do you think?
Dave Wickersham:  As I said, the short answer is no, we won’t do it with price we’ll do it with the products and the total package that we bring to our OEMs and our customers who are used to using Seagate’s [asset] portfolio. So I would say the disadvantage we have is as Brian indicated we were locked out of 20-25% of the TAM and so that doesn’t mean that we didn’t continue to work with those customers as we normally do on the balance of the Tam that we did have access to.  So I don’t see us being disadvantaged. The key of course is that we hit the [qual slots]. And again that’s where we were disadvantaged and again we’ve got to make up for that and ensure that going forward we hit the customer’s [qual slots]. But barring that situation, we do expect that the, or normal engagements with our OEM customers.
Brian Dexheimer :  Just to clarify though Keith, we will not have access to 100% of the TAM in the June quarter. That 20-25% of the TAM was all 250 and 320 and while we have begun initial shipments of our 320, it’s only now being qualified. We will be qualifying it and have volume shipments in the June quarter but we’re probably still only gaining access to half of that 20-25% or something in the June quarter.
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: The second question then is, on you mentioned some pricing activity by your competitors towards the end of the quarter. Is there a way that you can characterize, that always sends a shiver through investors, is there a way that you can characterize how the behavior may have changed particularly with some of your competitors who have been acting well in terms of the environment for the last few quarters?
Bill Watkins:  I don’t know how to answer. I mean again I think this March was a little bit like last year’s March. I mean sort of the same things happened a year ago. I would characterize this is that there were some people that made some deals and we obviously decided not to participate and we think it was the right thing to do.  But I wouldn’t get overly; I mean this was not that bad. I mean I’ve seen a whole lot worse, let me tell you. So again I think this is kind of people taking some short-term deals. We think that the impact of that is going to be minimal to the overall business and for us we think we did the right thing by pulling back and maintaining our gross margins and pricing.
Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: The final one from me then is just any kind of color or commentary you want to provide on the recent lawsuit, I think it was either this week or last week.
Bill Watkins:  I mean the only comment I can say is that this is simply about protecting our $7 billion investment that we’ve made over the last ten years and research. I mean we have developed a lot of technologies in these application spaces and we’re going to protect it. And we will protect it. I think the nice thing about it, I noticed that they’re not, in the press they’re obviously operating [unintelligible] they’re just going to argue whether the patents are valid or not.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns.
Andrew Neff – Bear Stearns: I’d like to go back to the last question, just the first part in terms of the, I guess the concern one has is that we have an environment where your competitors are beginning to push product in the market, inventories are rising, the economy is slowing, don’t you think you’re being a little bit optimistic about the outlook. And I guess the other part of that, you know for a lot of us this is déjà vu, you know the industry has sort of over producing again, why should we take a different look?
Charles Pope:  I don’t think we were being overly optimistic, we’re showing the typical seasonal down of 5% in units quarter over quarter and we’re showing and forecasting pricing at the high end of what the typical pricing curve is during a June quarter and typically in a June quarter you have more capacity than there is demand during that period of time. So by going the full distance on what the seasonal decline is and what the pricing environment would normally yield I think we’re trying to recognize the environment that we’re in.
Bill Watkins: Yes, we’re talking about a quarter that’s arguably if we’re in a recession we made $0.70 a share on 10% plus growth here and so I really disagree with the same old same. I mean are there the same characteristics industry yeah, did we have big Christmases and big Septembers and we’ve got a cycle within the industry? Yes. But that’s for sure and how we manage that’s critical. But we’re all managing that to a much higher level of profitability than the industry ever came close to in the 90’s.  So I don’t think it’s the same, I think some of the same characteristics are there and then you argue that we have a tremendous demand profile as more and more content gets digitalized.  So I disagree with your premise it’s the same old business. Some of the same cycles and we have some of the same, we’ve got to maintain and we’ve got to manage this correctly and I think you saw how we acted, we kept gross margins up and we made $0.70 a share and again three or four years ago you’d be looking at things we’re losing money. And so again I think the industry is doing a whole lot better in managing their way through these cycles.
Charles Pope:  Just to punctuate what Bill has said if you look at the operating income that we’ve guided to for the fourth quarter and compare it to the fourth quarter last year that would represent a year over year increase in excess of 20%.
Andrew Neff – Bear Stearns: That’s my concern Charles is that you know the pricing just began to get bad you said and there’s still a lot of those inventories are high out there, your inventories are high, I mean the highest sequential [inaudible] I’ve seen in a long time. I guess are you going to ramp back on production, what are you going to do to address that?
Charles Pope: Dave addressed that in his comments indicating that we would adjust our production that we expected our turns in the June quarter to end at approximately 9 and the reason that he discussed putting drives on the ocean was twofold, one for freight savings given the cost of fuels and everything today but then also to allow us to better balance capital investment because of being able to defer some things that would normally go in during September and December for the peaks. And so you know I think in forecasting a conservative June forecast and having that conservative forecast still representing in excess of a 20% year over year growth on operating earnings shows a pretty mature level of operations associated with it.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Shaw Wu - American Technologies.
Shaw Wu – American Technology Research: Charles, just on you didn’t provide explicit gross margin guidance but kind of running the assumptions that you gave, I get gross margin around 23%. And the question I’m asking here is this seems to be more than just a seasonal decline in terms of gross margin. Just wondering what other puts and takes are there in there. Is pricing a big factor? Thanks.
Charles Pope: I suspect you were listening to the Intel call and got on a little late Shaw. The like for like pricing that we have built into the forecast on the June quarter is to the high end of the 4% to 7% decline. We are typically able to offset a fair amount of that with increased mixes in capacity or performance drives, higher capacity higher performance. This quarter we were only being able to partially offset that and so it represents between 3-3.5 points of margin compression.
Shaw Wu – American Technology Research: I’m just looking at last year, you know last year you end up with just 110%, I’m sorry 110 basis points and it just seems like this year the decline is a bit, and it’s obviously a bit steeper than that. So I was just trying to understand that better. I mean is pricing, you know you just talked about pricing now but it sounds like it’s a pretty, sounds like that’s a big component.
Charles Pope: I would have to go back and look at last year and I haven’t refreshed up my head but I suspect the pricing is somewhere in the neighborhood of 150-200 basis points more aggressive this year than it was during the same period last year.
Charles Pope:  And Shaw, just as a comment, if you go back and look at March quarter, because of the high capacity pricing that occurred in the March quarter, we actually settled out at a much lower level in the March quarter than we would have normally so I think that the decline or the margin compression from March to June is probably a little bit of an aberration last year versus what the norm is.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller - Brean Murray.
Mark Miller – Brean Murray, Carret & Co.: First it appeared to us that especially later in the quarter that there was a lot of inventory build in the mid capacity 500-gigs, 3.5-inch market, a lot of these drives that appeared to us appeared to be 3-platter designs, I’m just wondering if these had been 2-platter type configurations, would you have seen less drop in demand? Was the lack of higher density products also an issue in the 3.5-inch space?
Brian Dexheimer:  I don’t think it had anything to do with it Mark, I think the number of disks inside the product is irrelevant relative to 500-gigabits and what the price point is.
Mark Miller – Brean Murray, Carret & Co.: You’re going through a major change right now, [Komag] was a little lower at one of your suppliers, just wondering if you could give us some color as to how that’s going in terms of the transition, are you happy with your yields, are you happy with the performance in terms of this transition?
Dave Wickersham:  First from a finished media standpoint that’s long behind us, we have a new partner, it’s gone extremely well both in terms of how we transitioned out of WD as well as how we ramped the new partner, so that’s gone extremely well, no issues there. And then finally as you know we also transitioned away from WD in terms of aluminum substrate and we have continued to invest in internal capacity and begin shipping volume out of Johor, Malaysia, that too has gone extremely well. So no issues thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: Could you just remind us what normal seasonality on a unit drop Brian would be in desktop and mobile?
Brian Dexheimer:  About the 5% we [inaudible] out for the June quarter.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: I’ve looked through my model all the way to the beginning here and I can’t find a time when we’ve had finished goods as a percentage of future shipments as high as it is going back to 2004 which was a very difficult time for the industry.  It seems that the difference between over building to demand by 100,000 drives and building to demand is always the key in pricing so now that you have you know restrained yourself from partaking in excessive rebates that your competitors did at the end of the quarter, maybe they missed volume in January and aggressively had to make for it in March and you chose not to participate.  But as we go into the June quarter which is an extremely difficult quarter and you’re sitting there with that inventory and maybe in the next three to four weeks we find out there’s all kinds of other people with the same inventory, I’m just trying to get comfort that we’re not on the verge of a very aggressive pricing environment going into June.
Bill Watkins:  I can’t guarantee what everyone’s going to do but again I think you know obviously we’re very focused on maintaining our gross margins and pricing and we’re going to look at this as a three quarter deal and as Dave said, we’re going to take our inventory, we didn’t put it in the channel, we didn’t do any of the deals, we kept it in our own and we’re going to take it and put it on boat, we’re going to take the lower cost and we’re going to use this inventory and what inventory we create in June we’re going to use it to offset capital investments we’re going to make for the September December quarter and try to utilize this actually to our favor.  And again we think maintaining this sort of discipline, we think we’re in an industry that’s growing 10% as we all grow with the industry and we’ll do fine and we’re kind of focused on that and we think if people take a longer term look at things and I’m hoping the industry and I do believe the industry gets better every year on this, that again we’ll look at this as an opportunity to minimize or at least optimize our capital investments and use our inventory to optimize that for the September quarter.
Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital: Great, some of our checks kind of suggest that maybe the other person in southern California from you was more aggressive towards the end of the quarter in the distribution channel on 3.5 inch; do you think it was them or do you believe it was more a similar Asian competitors that have been aggressive?
Bill Watkins:  We all got fingerprints on this body so I’m not going to go blame anybody. I mean we know as an industry what we have to do, we know what good management is and if people do that and we’re going to do the right thing and we think the right thing will be good for us and the industry will get there.
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Jayson Noland - Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird:  Charles you mentioned at the analyst day a break-even gross margin of 12-13% and F08 and that’s improved a lot over the last few years. Is that something that continues to improve going out for the next couple years?
Charles Pope:  I think that the, we’re probably going to plateau here at 13 for a while and see what that mix has. I think we need to be careful to make sure that we’re continuing to invest in R&D to a sufficient level to be able to maintain the breadth of product and the breadth of markets that we serve. We perhaps have a little bit more efficiency on the G&A side but we’re also investing in services that have a higher model below the line spending and other investments that aren’t even generating revenue at this point in time. So that I think we’re probably about where we would be for the foreseeable future as we take a couple of next steps.
Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird:  Brian with the home storage opportunity, could you talk about big picture what that could look like going out a few years and then specifically anything you can say around network attached storage at home and would this include some sort of subscription model maybe?
Brian Dexheimer:  Well it’s probably a little too expansive to handle on an earnings call but let me tell you that we certainly believe that storage in the home is on the verge of another great growth experience over the next five years and our estimates would have it, I think it’s been backed up by some third parties on the order of 10x over the next five years. As that happens we think there’s a fundamental shift from islands of content that exist today in the home to things that find their way onto the network either locally or wide area.  And so as that content finds its way to those networks then I think yeah there’s obviously, absolutely all kinds of different models you can conceive of how you participate in that value chain. So I think it’s going to be device level, appliance level types of opportunities in the home in addition to things that expand outside of that in the local and wire network.
Bill Watkins:  I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-10-16 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Watkins - CEO Brian Dexheimer - EVP and ChiefSales and Marketing Officer Dave Wickersham - President andCOO Charles Pope - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Bailey - Goldman Sachs Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Katherine Huberty - MorganStanley Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird Mark Miller - Brean Murray,Carret Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan Christian Schwab - Craig-HallumCapital Group Kevin Hunt - Thomas WeiselPartners Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns Shaw Wu - American TechnologyResearch
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies andgentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's FiscalFirst Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all linesare in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions.Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). Thisconference is being recorded. This conference call containsforward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related tothe company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statementsare based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conferencecall, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could causeactual results to differ materially from those anticipated by theseforward-looking statements. Information concerning additionalfactors that could cause the results to differ materially from those projectedin these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's annualreport on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissionon August 27, 2007. These forward-looking statementsshould not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of anysubsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-lookingstatements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn theconference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead.
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Justin. Welcomeeveryone and thank you for joining us. On the phone with me today are DaveWickersham, President and Chief Operating Officer, Charles Pope, Executive VicePresident and Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Dexheimer, Executive VicePresident and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. I am pleased to report that wehad a very strong quarter, which produced record results in virtually everyarea of our business. I will start the call today byspending a few minutes reviewing those numbers with you, and sharing someadditional perspective on the industry landscape and the unique characteristicsof our platform and business model that enable us to achieve these results. Then I'll turn to our outlook forthe quarter ahead and share with you our view of the key factors that willinfluence our performance going forward. I will then turn over to Brian, Daveand Charles who will each in turn discuss details of our market, operation andfinancial results. Attractive market trends continueto drive robust demand for storage and significant opportunities for growth. Inthe September quarter, Seagate's revenue grew 18% year-over-year to $3.3billion. As you know, the first fiscal quarter is typically among our strongestand this year unit demand exceeded even the high-end of our expected range. We effectively capitalized onthis strong demand environment by shipping a record 47 million units thisquarter, representing a 21% increase over units shipped in the first quarter oflast year and 20% increase over our fiscal fourth quarter of 2007. Clearly,conditions in the industry as a whole have been quite favorable. Record demand that continues togrow is, of course, a big part of the equation and against that favorablebackdrop is Seagate's strategically optimized manufacturing operations andcommitment to technology innovations that have enabled us to extend ourleadership in the enterprise and desktop markets and maintain our leadership inthe consumer electronics market. We are particularly gratifiedthat our results this quarter underscore the value of the Maxtor acquisition,and the strategic and competitive benefits that have accrued to Seagate as aresult. We have already talked about our substantial year-over-year growth inrevenue and unit shipped. In addition, the results fromthis quarter demonstrate that the cash generation capabilities of Seagate withfree cash flow were approximately $604 million generated during the Septemberquarter. This is a dynamic industry that continues to be characterized byrobust demand growth, and for Seagate in particular, it is a story ofcommitment to competitive leadership and a demonstrated agility and vision tocreate value across all cycles. In summary, we delivered a verystrong quarter, which we believe has reflected not only the strengths of theindustry as whole, but equally important is the group positive or thecompetitive and strategic benefits that we have enjoyed as a result of theMaxtor acquisition. And an integration that has proven to be one of the mostsuccessful ever in a disk drive industry. As we look ahead, we willcontinue to focus on extending our technology, product, and market leadership,as we grow the business and execute our strategy to generate meaningful valuefor our shareholders. Now, I would like to turn thecall over to Brian to provide more details of our performance in the differentmarkets and the outlook in each of those markets in the quarter ahead.
Brian Dexheimer: Thanks, Bill. Our fiscal 2008began with the best quarter of demand in the history of the industry. Clearly,the overall consumption of storage remains very robust. Overall industry demandwas extremely strong and all key health indicators for the industry werepositive. Supply and demand were wellbalanced and price erosion, while in the normal range, was more benign in theprevious two quarters. Specific to the September quarter, we believe theoverall industry TAM was approximately 132 million units, up 15% year-over-yearand 19% sequentially. Seagate shipped 36% of the industry'svolume, maintaining its overall leadership, as well as number one positions inthe Enterprise,Desktop, and CE markets. Seagate unit shipments were strong in all segments,growing 21% year-on-year. Looking towards the Decemberquarter, we expect seasonal growth to bring the overall TAM up 4% to 5%quarter-over-quarter to 137 to 139 million units, representing year-over-yeargrowth of 14% to 16%. Now I'll give some detail on theindividual markets. The enterprise market TAM in the September quarterexhibited the growth pattern we expected at the beginning of the quarter,growing about 6% sequentially to 7.3 million units. Seagate maintained its leadershipposition in this market, shipping a record 4.6 million units. Continuing theoverall strength in this market, the adoption of small form factor drivescontinued to accelerate during the quarter, as CE shipments reachedapproximately 1.8 million units. We are pleased that our delivery of industryleading technology continues to enable important innovations for our customersin the areas of power, performance and physical footprint. Regarding another area of technologyinnovation for the enterprise, I also wanted to highlight our collaborationwith the storage and security industry to extend our hardware based full-diskencryption technology to our enterprise portfolio. This week at Storage NetworkingWorld, we are demonstrating the performance and security capabilities ofenterprise drive-level FDE. Demonstrations underscore the value that FDEtechnology brings to storage system administrators tasked with protectingagainst breaches of data that can occur in drives and systems that have beenrepurposed, decommissioned, disposed of, misplaced or stolen. Looking forward to December forthe enterprise market, we expect similar sequential growth to that of theSeptember quarter. I'd like to make one finalcomment on the additional factor of enterprise growth. As I mentioned last quarter,we're seeing a continuation of strong incremental growth in high-capacityenterprise class SATA products deployed primarily in support of the massiveamounts of digital content aggregated and distributed over the Internet. As a leader in enterprise storagespace, we believe we possess the technology, product breadth and customerengagement, and application expertise to take full advantage of this importantgrowth factor. We believe we saw evidence ofthis leverage in the September quarter, as we grew share substantially in thisspace, with significant shipments of our 750-gigabyte product, and we expectstrong adoption of our 1-terabyte drive in these applications going forward. In Consumer Electronicsapplications, we believe the TAM reached over 19 million units during thequarter, a 19% increase sequentially. We are pleased to see the strongsequential growth in this market as manufacturers built out for the holidayseason. Seagate maintained its leadershipposition during the quarter, shipping 5.7 million units, driven primarily byshipments into gaming applications and DVRs. Seagate's DVR shipments rose 35%year-over-year. Given the strong seasonal buildout in the September quarter, we are planning for overall TAM for the CE marketto be flat in the December quarter. We believe the mobile computemarket TAM grew sequentially by a phenomenal 27% to almost 40 million units.The strength in this market was fueled primarily by consumer demand forback-to-school and holiday purchases. Seagate shipped a record 7.9million units into this market during the quarter, an increase of 87%year-on-year. Capacities continue to trend higher in the space as the notebookdisplaces the desktop as the platform of choice in the digital home. In theSeptember quarter over 50% of our shipments were in capacities 120 gigabytes orgreater, and we expect this to continue to rise rapidly. In addition, during the quarterthree major OEMs began shipping notebooks, while our hybrid drive and volumeshipments reached approximately 100,000 units. We also saw a strong shifttoward our 7200-RPM products up to 200 gigabytes, led by PC gaming andcommercial performance applications. We expect another strong December quarterfor the mobile compute market and have set expectations around a 5% to 8%sequential TAM growth or approximately 40% year-over-year growth. The TAM in the desktop computemarket grew 16% sequentially to approximately 66 million units, which is higherthan we originally predicted. Seagate shipments grew fasterthan the industry in the space, increasing 22% sequentially to a record 29millions units, more than 5 million units higher than that of the June quarter.During the quarter, we were able to react rapidly to build strong overalldemand and a higher capacity mix, once again leveraging our leading technologyand highly efficient flexible supply chain. In fact, across all segments, wesaw a strong shift to higher capacities for 3.5-inch ATA products, with an 80%sequential increase in industry shipments of 500-gigabyte and greater. From the technology supply chainperspective, we remained well positioned for this trend and believe we'vestrengthened our leadership position, with shipments of 750-gigabyte products,reaching 1.5 million units during the quarter. Additionally, we made a strongmove to enter the 1-terabyte category, with almost 60,000 units shipped duringthe quarter. Lastly, we ramped significantlyvolume of the industry's first 3.5-inch, 250-gigabyte per disk product to over1.5 million units. We believe channel inventory and3.5-inch ATA products for the industry, exiting the September quarter, waslower than that of the June quarter, with less than four weeks for the industryand less than three weeks for Seagate. For the December quarter, weexcept the desktop compute TAM to be seasonally up, less than 5% sequentiallyand about 11% year-on-year. Finally, in our Branded Solutionsbusiness, revenue again improved sequentially by about 10%. We're pleased withthe initial demand for our newly announced Maxtor OneTouch 4 products thatprovide innovative security and protection features, in both the PC and Macmarkets, along with higher capacity points to meet the growing needs of thedigital consumer. With both the Seagate/Maxtorbranded products refreshed and redesigned, we look forward to a strong holidayseason. We expect the December quarter to be the strongest sales quarter of theyear for this business. Now, I'd like to turn the callover to Dave to provide an update on our operations.
Dave Wickersham: Thanks, Brian. Overall, we arevery pleased with our development and operational execution in the Septemberquarter, as we continue to focus on extending Seagate's category of leadershipas measured by the key factors, valued by our customers: product leadership,quality and reliability, and cost.  I'll start with a few commentsregarding our inventory performance in the September quarter and an update ofour expected capital investments for fiscal 2008 and conclude with commentsregarding the supply chain. Seagate's inventory in Septemberquarter decreased $31 million from $794 million to $763 million.  Finished goods inventory wasreduced by approximately 21% or $90 million as we responded to higher thanforecasted customer requirement. The reduction in finished goods inventory morethan offset an increase of $59 million in raw material and the working processrequired to support increased customer demand in the September and Decemberquarter.  Inventory turnover improved toapproximately 13 turns in the September quarter and our December quarterinventory turns are expected to be approximately 11 turns, as we replenishedcustomer jet hubs to required level. As evidenced by the significantreduction in finished goods inventory, Seagate operated at full capacity in theSeptember quarter. Likewise, in the December quarter, we will fully utilize ouravailable capacity, and consequently expect to be supply constrained based oncurrent customer demand for Seagate products.  As discussed in previous calls,we aligned our capacity expansions consistently with customer demand.Considering that the lead time for meaningful capacity expansion is six monthor more, we made our capacity decisions for the current quarter back in theMarch and June calendar quarters of this year based on the demand, and thecompany’s expected return on investments. Additionally, considering theprojected seasonal demand in the upcoming March and June quarters, we do notplan on increasing our fiscal 2008 capital spending plan. Going forward, wewill continue to align our capital investments with customers demand. And byMarch of next year we will identify what additional capacity will be required forfiscal year 2009. Consequently, the fiscal 2008 capital investment outlook isunchanged, at approximately $900 million and continues to include theinvestments planned for expansion of our finished media and substrate factoriesin Asia. The hard disc drive supply chaincontinues to experience consolidation at a rapid pace. This past quarter alone,TDK completed its acquisition of the recording head assets of Alps Electric andannounced plans to acquire Magnecomp, a suspension supplier. And as most of youknow, WD completed their acquisition of Finished Media and aluminum substratesupplier Komag. While the consolidation in the supply chain can sometimes leadto a supply disruption, we do not anticipate any significant supply shortagesfor the industry in the near term. Specifically for Seagate, we are confidentthat we have an adequate supply of the internal and external componentsrequired to support our production plans. Now, I would like to turn thecall over to Charles.
Charles Pope: Thanks, Dave. You will find thecompany's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related toSeagate's financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP tonon-GAAP financial results, and other supplemental information in the InvestorRelations section of Seagate's website at www.seagate.com. At the beginning of the Septemberquarter, Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation Number 48,commonly referred to as FIN 48 was adopted by Seagate. FIN 48 requires ananalysis of the company's material tax positions for all open years. Thecumulative effect of applying FIN 48 must be reflected as adjustments to thecompany's balance sheet in the quarter of adoption. From a financial modelingperspective, we believe that the company's book tax rate will not be materiallyimpacted due to the implementation of FIN 48. Additional details regarding FIN48 and their impact on the balance sheet will be provided as required when wefile the company's 10-Q. Now, I will provide morespecifics on our financial performance for the quarter, and our outlook goingforward. For the September quarter,Seagate reported revenue of $3.3 billion and unit shipments of 47 million,which reflects year-over-year growth of 18% and 21% respectively. The year agoperiod was the first full quarter Seagate reported after the Maxtor acquisitionwas completed. Consequently, the non-GAAP results this September quarter arecleanly comparable to the September quarter a year ago.  The highlights of the benefits ofthe Maxtor acquisition are evident as Seagate continues to grow revenue andearnings and at the same time generates significant amounts of free cash flow. GAAP net income and dilutedearnings per share for the September quarter are $355 million and $0.64respectively. Included in the GAAP results are approximately $30 million ofpurchased intangible, amortization, and other charges associated with theMaxtor and EVault acquisitions. Without these charges and the associated taxeffect, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $385 million and$0.69 respectively. Included in both the GAAP andnon-GAAP results is approximately $5 million related to restructuring chargeswhich reduced diluted earnings per share by about $0.01. GAAP gross margin in theSeptember quarter was 24.6%. Excluding approximately $20 million ofacquisition-related costs, non-GAAP gross margin was 25%. Gross marginincreased 300 basis points from the prior quarter due to a more favorablepricing environment than expected and an improved mix of products. The pricing environment duringthe September quarter was better than what we had been expecting at thebeginning of the quarter, price declines were not at the lowest levels we haveseen for a September quarter. In fact, the like-for-like price declines wereapproximately 4%, which we would describe as normal for a September quarter. GAAP, R&D and SG&A costswere $395 million for the September quarter. Excluding costs related to theMaxtor and EVault acquisitions, non-GAAP expenses were $390 million. Theroughly $30 million increase in R&D and SG&A expenses compared to theprior quarter is primarily due to Seagate's variable compensation plan, whichin the prior quarter was zero. Slide 6 has the details of theadjustments made to GAAP, R&D and SG&A for the September quarter. Cash flow from operations were$754 million for the September quarter, while free cash flow, defined as netcash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, were $604million. Cash, cash equivalents, andmarketable securities ended the quarter at $1.5 billion, up $354 million fromthe previous quarter. During the September quarter, Seagate returnedapproximately $300 million of cash to its shareholders through the payment ofthe quarterly dividend, and approximately $250 million of share repurchases. Seagate's ability to generatecash was something we highlighted at our Analyst Day last month, and thisquarter's results certainly underscores that point. Days sales outstanding was 42, animprovement of four days, reflecting the linearity of shipments resulting fromthe strong demand we saw early in the September quarter. Days payableoutstanding was 57, an increase of two days and within the normal range. Capital investment in theSeptember quarter was $150 million, and as Dave previously indicated, wecontinue to plan for approximately $900 million of capital investment forfiscal 2008. Depreciation and amortization forthe September quarter was $205 million, up slightly from the prior quarter.Approximately $24 million is related to the amortization of purchasedintangibles. You will find our fiscal year 2008 estimates for amortization ofpurchased intangibles on slide 9 of the supplemental information package. During the September quarter, thecompany took delivery of 10.3 million shares related to its share repurchaseplan, with an average price of $24.27. Cumulatively, under the current sharerepurchase authorization, we have repurchased 72.2 million shares with anaverage cost of $24.57. The company has authorization to purchase approximately$725 million of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program. Now, I'd like to provide furtherdetails on our outlook for the December quarter. As Brian mentioned, for theDecember quarter, we are expecting industry unit growth to be at the high endof the 10% to 15% year-over-year range we discussed at our Analyst Day. On a sequential basis, this wouldbe 4% to 5% unit growth for the industry. Seagate expects revenue to be in therange of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share isexpected to be $0.66 to $0.70 and includes approximately $26 million ofpurchased intangibles, amortization, and other charges associated with theMaxtor and EVault acquisitions. Accordingly, non-GAAP dilutedearnings per share, excluding these acquisition-related costs is expected to be$0.71 to $0.75. GAAP, R&D and SG&A expenses are expected to beapproximately $418 million to $423 million for the December quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, excludingapproximately $3 million of acquisition-related costs, R&D and SG&Acosts are expected to be approximately $415 million to $420 million. Theincrease over the prior quarter reflects the impact of Seagate's annual focalmerit increase for the company, variable product launch spending and R&D,and the receipt during the September quarter of a government research grant. Additionally, other income andexpenses are expected to be a net expense of approximately $17 million. Our taxrate is expected to be near the low-end of the 5% to 10% range. As always, this outlook does notinclude the impact of any future acquisitions, stock repurchases orrestructuring activities that the company may undertake during the quarter. That concludes my remarks. I willnow turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Charles. The trendtowards greater creation and consumption of digital content are clearly drivingtremendous growth for Seagate. We see this growth continuing and we are excitedabout the opportunities in front of us. On behalf of the entiremanagement team, I would like to thank our employees around the world for theircommitment and for delivering an outstanding quarter. And with that, we areready to open up the call for questions. Justine?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Ourfirst question comes from David Bailey with Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: You've already bought up againstthat higher end of that range. Are there times when you could actually go abovethe new range and would these factors drive you there?
Bill Watkins: Hey, David.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Yeah.
Bill Watkins: This is Bill. We didn't hear thefirst part of that question. Could you repeat please?
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Sure. At the Analyst Meeting inSeptember, you gave a new gross margin range of 21% to 25%. Well, you arealready there. You are already at the high-end of that. So, are there timeswhen you could go above the high-end of the new range? And what would cause youto go above the 25%?
Bill Watkins: I will let Charles answer, but wehad pricing declines of 2% that we have been involved in this quarter. Go aheadCharles.
Charles Pope: The range that we gave on ourAnalyst Day was a long-term range that reflected the product mix changes thatare anticipated to occur over the next couple of years. During any givenquarter, particularly during the front-end of that period of time, if you haveenvironments like you do today, it may be possible to go beyond the top-end ofthat range. The range was discussed as a long-term range which includes thestructure of the industry and the growth of 2.5 inch in other products whichtends to have lower margins in the industry on the relative basis.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: And could I just get a follow-upto that. Given the seasonally lower volumes in the March and June quarters,should we expect the gross margin to drop to the lower end of the range orthere are specific Seagate items that should keep it sort of at the mid rangeor above that going forward?
Charles Pope: I don't think we will comment onMarch and June quarters yet, I think it’s too early to determine what thosedynamics are. But, we recognize that those are normally seasonally slowerperiods of time in the year and given the leverage that is in the company, youwould expect to have a decline in profits during those periods.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Dave Wickersham : Yeah.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Just to follow-up on David'squestion. I think you benefited from the behavior of your competitors duringthe course of September and it clearly seems like that's going to continue inthe December quarter. If you think about some of the issues that Samsung andFujitsu have had, and perhaps even Hitachi,how should we be thinking about some of the competitive dynamics as we exit Decemberand look to the seasonal period. Is there any kind of color or comments on theway you guys are thinking about it?
Dave Wickersham: Well, again in the Septemberquarter, and as Charles and Brian mentioned it, we had 4% price. That's notwhat we call a great pricing quarter. Now, that would be normally what we wouldexpect. My sense says that, when I look at the losses that people had last yearand historically in this industry we don't tend to go two solid years of priceforce. I think in our mind that it should be a much better and more stableyear, especially with all the demand in front of us. That said, we arepreparing for the worst.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Well, let me just try toget a follow up in there. It seems like during the course of this quarter, aswe were in the summer, it seems like desktop was a big area of surprise interms of the sequential growth there. And you guys are forecasting, I think yousaid 4% to 5% sequential growth in the desktop. Why do you think the desktopmarket had this seasonal spike during the course of September, even on the backof what was arguably great notebook numbers?
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah. Keith this is Brian, let metake that one. It's a good question. One of the things that's phenomenal. I cantell you that what we did see is a much earlier September quarter than wenormally see in terms of linearity, primarily pronounced in Europe,which of all places, is usually slower. So, the reasons behind that are myriad.I think there is some potential exchange rate phenomenon that has crept inthere. Remember too that June was not the kind of June that we normally see. Itwas on the low side of June. So, I think maybe some of that demand rollovered aswell. The last one I gave you is thatit is not all through desktop. So, when we talk about growth and 3.5-inch ATAbeing 4% to 5%, or 15% or 11% year-on-year, there is a lot of applicationscreeping into that now that are growing at a much faster rate. You've gotthings like surveillance, you've got things like digital video recorders, youhave the branded businesses that both we and some of our competitors have thatare putting tremendous amounts of storage into peoples’ homes under variousdifferent brands. So, those segments are moving, sort of, at different cadencethan the pure desktop market. Clearly, the desktop market is growingparticularly in emerging markets. But you certainly have to layer those thingsat higher growth rates on top of that, so that is some of it as well.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. I’m justgoing back over a couple of things on the quarter. Can you just sort of dissectthe 300 basis point improvement in margins a little bit more, if you broke itup between units, efficiencies, and pricing mix? And then as a follow-up, if youcould, within that answer, highlight what was the most powerful mix effect inthe quarter?
Bill Watkins: I will try to do that Steven. Ifyou look at just the order of magnitude of what drove the 300 basis pointimprovement, it would be pricing first and that's pricing relative to what wehad planned and anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. The second would be the mix ofproducts that we shipped and those really cover the entire margin improvements.Volume had a very nominal, if any impact on the margin expansion, depending onthe mix of products that got into it, and so whatever volume was included, itreally gets covered in the product mix piece of it. If you sit and look at some ofthe areas that really contributed to the margin expansion from the product mixperspective, I think it goes back to Brian's comments in the call where hetalked about the very high demand for high capacity ATA drives, 750-gigabytedrives, and the 80% growth rate in ATA drives that are 500 gigabytes and over.And I think that if you sit and look at a mix between product offerings,enterprise, desktop, and mobile, that is not as dramatic of driver as thein-mix, particularly in the ATA products.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great. That's very helpful. Thankyou.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Aaron Rakers with Wachovia.
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Yeah, thanks guys. A couple ofquestions as well, if I can. I guess, the first question is on your free cashflow generation. At the Analyst Day, I believe you gave a framework modelguiding basically $840 million to $1.35 billion and you guys just did $604million. Now, at the time were you thinking that was being rather conservative,or is there something out in front of us that causes you to possibly see somedeceleration in the free cash flow?
Brian Dexheimer: Charles is going to take thatquestion.
Charles Pope: Good question though. Good timesalways look really good and then when you are in the seasonally slow periods,you kind of grind through them. I think that it's a fair question and I dothink that it reflects that unless we would anticipate negative cash flows inthe back half of the year, which we don't. We expect to still have goodrevenue, good profitability in the back half of the fiscal year, with positivecash flows in those periods, that it may indicate that during this fiscal yearwe underestimated the free cash flow that could be generated by the business.
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: And then if I could follow up onthat. The retail business was down modestly as a percentage of your totalrevenue. Maybe you can touch on the new products coming on board. If we shouldexpect that contribution to start to increase here going forward, and maybe ontop of that, highlight if you know possibly what the gross margin implicationscould be?
Brian Dexheimer: Aaron, this is Brian. Let me takethat one. I wouldn't look for any gross margin implications. That's a businessthat we target to run pretty close to the average of the company gross margins.So, I don't think you are going to see any margin expansion to the retailbusiness. So, on a top line basis, we actually feel pretty good about where weare both year-on-year and sequentially. It's a little early to tell allthe returns earning, yet from the people we compete within that space, we feelgood about our position there. We feel good about the cost structure of theproducts. As I mentioned, both brands have been refreshed and we're moving intoa season, that's going to be a high season. So a lot of optimism around thetop-line impact of the business going forward.
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia: Thank you. Congratulations.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Katherine Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katherine Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Hi, guys. As it relates tothe 4% to 5% sequential unit guidance, that's towards the lower end of what youwould typically see in December. How much of that is a function of demand,perhaps being pulled in from September versus just the manufacturing capacitylimitations that you've seen in your business for the quarter?
Bill Watkins: Brian?
Brian Dexheimer: Hey, Katherine, this is Brian. Ihad just a little bit of both. I think part of it's in our planning as well. Wewere proven wrong last quarter when we forecasted 15% sequential growth. It wasstronger than that. You can see by our channel inventories, nobody is sittingon the products. So I don't know that we could say demand was pulled intoSeptember, people are using the product that we're putting out there. So,hopefully, we're on the downside again, that would be a good scenario foreveryone, but frankly, there is also a capacity utilization limit that we'reheading into as well. As Dave mentioned, we madecapacity build-out decisions back in the spring timeframe that we're livingwith today, and living with quite happily in fact. It's presenting a challengeat some of the product pipelines, at or moving in some allocated stage forperiods of time. But, and I think much beyond the 5% range, there is probably,at least at Seagate, if not an industry limitation too in terms of industrycapacity. If you just extrapolate that growth rate out, that's going to be anindustry unit that's down close to 140 million units and is substantiallyhigher than it's ever been before. So I think we are bumping up against some ofthe limits, particularly as you get into certain product lines.
Katherine Huberty : And why wouldn't those capacitylimitations give you better visibility going into the March quarter then youhad, say a year ago?
 MorganStanley: And why wouldn't those capacitylimitations give you better visibility going into the March quarter then youhad, say a year ago?
Brian Dexheimer: Well, Katie, they might. When weare setting in December and January having the conversation with you, they maywell. But we need to get through the December quarter, see what thesell-through is in the December quarter, what the channel inventories are as weexit the December quarter and what the OEM sell-through is and if the demandexceeds the 5% and the selling through, it may well give us better visibility,but it's too early to have that look at it yet.
Katherine Huberty : Okay. And then I apologize if Imissed it, could you give what channel inventory was at the end of the quarter?
 MorganStanley: Okay. And then I apologize if Imissed it, could you give what channel inventory was at the end of the quarter?
Brian Dexheimer: Yes, for Seagate it was under threeweeks, and for the industry excluding Seagate it was four weeks. 
Katherine Huberty : Okay, great. Thank you.
 MorganStanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Daniel Renouard with Robert W. Baird.
Daniel Renouard : I am wondering if you can give ussome flavor on profitability. For the last couple of years you have talkedabout laptop pricing, and that on the PC side it has been more aggressive. Ourlaptops and desktops on the PC side at roughly comparable profitability levelssort of as much as you can do apples-to-apples or do you think there is moremargin pressure not this quarter but say next year on the laptop side.  And then secondly, there has beensome conjecture about double ordering etc. with some products on allocation. Wouldyou have any color that you could add to that in terms of what your endcustomers are actually doing in terms of their demand versus orders in furtherpatterns?
 Robert W.Baird: I am wondering if you can give ussome flavor on profitability. For the last couple of years you have talkedabout laptop pricing, and that on the PC side it has been more aggressive. Ourlaptops and desktops on the PC side at roughly comparable profitability levelssort of as much as you can do apples-to-apples or do you think there is moremargin pressure not this quarter but say next year on the laptop side.  And then secondly, there has beensome conjecture about double ordering etc. with some products on allocation. Wouldyou have any color that you could add to that in terms of what your endcustomers are actually doing in terms of their demand versus orders in furtherpatterns?
Charles Pope: So Daniel, let me take the firstpiece. This is Charles. Relative to profitability, and I will answer in twodifferent ways, I wasn't sure how you were asking about it. If you look at interms of just an absolute profit pool, by the sheer size of the desktop that weshipped versus the notebook, the desktop is by far the largest profit pool thatexists. If you look at it on a margin basis, I think we were relatively woken upand open about the fact that during this last year with the pricing pressureson the 2.5 inch product, that margins had slipped below the 3.5 inch ATAmargins, and while there may be a path to bring them up comparative at somepoint in time, they are still somehow below the 3.5 inch ATA margins. And so,we will have to see how these dynamics and product pressures allow that tochange overtime.
Brian Dexheimer: Daniel this is Brian, I will takethe double ordering question. I think at any time that you have a particularproduct line that is in short supply you can expect, you are going to see someof that, and I certainly would not deny that we are suspicious that there is someof that going on. I would tell you that anything that we've put in front ofyou, in terms of an outlook, including the 4% to 5% unit growth, fullycontemplates that. And the fact is we have far more demand, then that wouldrepresent in front of us today, some of which we don't think is necessarilyreal in period, that we are not frankly in a position to even react to in orderwe put that in our outlook. We are also very confident that there is otherpotential gauge in the supply chains of our customers, both in the desktop andthe notebook space, plastics, batteries, panels, processors, you name it. But wefeel pretty good about our triangulation around those data points and where wesit within that and consequently the outlook we've given you here for thisquarter.
Daniel Renouard : That's helpful. Thank you.
 Robert W.Baird: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Mark Miller with Brean Murray, Carret
Mark Miller : Let me congratulate you forhaving a very strong quarter. It appears very quickly on in your projectionsfor the December quarter that we are seeing somewhat of a more benign pricingenvironment. It also appears more flattish than what we thought was going tohappen in the September quarter. However, we are looking at relatively lowinventory levels, we are talking about products on allocation, and we are alsotalking about a move up in terms of capacity that supported your ASPs to bebasically flat last quarter. In the past, when we see an environment like this,we've actually seen price increases or ASP increases in the December quarter. Anyfeeling about that? You seem to be more conservative here, in terms of yourpricing projection for December?
 Brean Murray,Carret: Let me congratulate you forhaving a very strong quarter. It appears very quickly on in your projectionsfor the December quarter that we are seeing somewhat of a more benign pricingenvironment. It also appears more flattish than what we thought was going tohappen in the September quarter. However, we are looking at relatively lowinventory levels, we are talking about products on allocation, and we are alsotalking about a move up in terms of capacity that supported your ASPs to bebasically flat last quarter. In the past, when we see an environment like this,we've actually seen price increases or ASP increases in the December quarter. Anyfeeling about that? You seem to be more conservative here, in terms of yourpricing projection for December?
Brian Dexheimer: Mark, this is Brain. Let me takethat one. Let me just kind of reset a perception. We've talked about normalpricing ranges on like-for-like across all products being in a 4% to 7% rangefor sometime now and in fact the 4% we saw in September, you would have to goback about four years before you would find anything lower than that. So, thereis a perception that prices actually go up in quarters and periods of tightness.We have seen several of those in the last three to four years, including theperiod we are in right now and prices just don't go up. And the large reason for that is about65% of our business and I think its true in most of the industry, goes to OEMcustomers who have an expectation of price takedowns on a quarter-on-quarterbasis. And those expectations really are set in the previous quarter, and as anindustry we have delivered to those expectations with a limited amount of side linein terms of any individual product lines, supply and demand balance over thenext 90 day period. So, by function of that withinour model in the industry, we have already have some price declines built in,where we typically get some leverages in more transit markets, eitherdistribution channel, which might be as much as 30% of our business, we havethe ability to change price on a more weekly or monthly basis. And so insegments like that, we have sometimes been able to at least keep prices flat insome capacity categories than we do at programs, may be slightly up. But as youmix the sense of the overall, we have not seen any quarters in the last threeyears that have had less than about a 3% like-for-like overall price decline.And the last point I will make for you, is that all of our products are inallocation now. So, the notebook is tight and some high-capacity desktopproducts are tight, there are many segments of a product line that aren’tallocated.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret: But the point I was trying tomake is not on a product-for-product basis, but on an ASP basis because ofproduct mix effects.
Bill Watkins: I think you see that in ouroutlook, where we have said there would be 4% or 5% unit growth for theindustry. And if you do the math on the guidance we gave you, you are going toget 4% or 5% revenue growth. So, that implies a flattish ASP.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret: Right. Next question is that there’sbeen some reports about mobile component issues. Is it possible that some ofthat could constrain mobile ships in the December quarter, and shift them intothe March quarter? You saw very strong growth this quarter. I am just wonderingwhat you are hearing about, there was a fire at Matsushita plant, also somepanel issues?
Bill Watkins: Yeah. That’s a great point. Iwill try to address that a little bit earlier. Let me tackle it directly. Sofar, we certainly checked through our engagements with all of our majorcustomers, we are not going to be a constraint for them nor do they feel thatthe demands they are putting on us right now is in jeopardy because of othercomponent constraints. And so, whether it’s the way they have aligned supply ona specific component -- battery is a great example because of the instance thatoccurred, we don’t think there is risk there given the outlook that we have putin front of you.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret: And final question, some people,I know you don’t want guidance, but to refresh my memory, the March quarterreally is not that big of quarter. It’s typically, if I recall, and you cancorrect me, there are 2% to 5% from December typically, will I have to markthere in a typical March quarter following the summer?
Bill Watkins: I will let Charles take that.
Charles Pope: I would stay that it’s more oftenthe 5% range.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Rich Kugele with Needham & Company.
Rich Kugele - Needham& Company: I have a clarification and a question.First, just to understand better your retail, Brian, when you are talking aboutbranded, are you referring to your retail or is branded also a portion of yourconsumer? I’m just trying to understand the type of growth rate you are talkingabout relative to the additional color on the website.
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah. Sure, Rich. That is theproducts that shipped through retail and other channels under the Seagate orMaxtor brand. That’s not any product that we ship or send to the game consoleor DVR space?
Rich Kugele - Needham& Company: Okay. And then question for Dave,just a little bit more on the supply chain. In particular, aluminum substrates,I know that you have your agreements with your vendors and as well as someinternal production. So and as you mentioned, you are fine for your own supply.But are you seeing any constraints from an industry perspective, particularlyon high cap perpendicular that maybe impacting maybe some of your Asian guys?
Dave Wickersham: Yeah, Rich. The utilization froman industry perspective is not much different than we talked about at ourAnalyst Day. It's very similar. So, it's in the high 80s. So, you would expectto see some disruptions, as people shift either their sources, theirqualifications or have issues with execution. So, aside from that there isadequate capacity. We think and again other competitors can choose to use thoseeither on the high-end or anywhere else for that matter. So, it's tight, Rich.But again as I mentioned earlier, our view is there is an adequate supply notjust for Seagate but for the industry as well.
Rich Kugele - Needham& Company: Okay. And then just lastly, justbecause we can ask the question, the International Trade Commissioninvestigation into the drive land, is this really an issue or is this justexploratory?
Bill Watkins: I don’t know that I can give anyreal clarification at this point in time on that, Rich. I don’t have anyonethat is close to that topic that can really provide that answer.
Rich Kugele - Needham& Company: Okay. I just wanted to ask. Thankyou very much
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Good afternoon. I have twoquestions, one for Dave and one for Brian. Dave, could you maybe give us alittle more context around the discipline that Seagate is exhibiting withrespect to CapEx and the future capacity additions? Is this a sign that themarket momentum could slow in the coming year or that potentially market share shiftsat peak or maybe there’s one more or, or is it really just to sign that thecycles in terms of the peaks and values have a smaller input to what they aregoing to be, looks greater a frequent thing?
Dave Wickersham: Well, Mark, Dave. It's obvious.The first part of the question is really what I tried to hit in the scripts andthat is we continue to be very, very disciplined. And as we talked about ourAnalyst Day, we really focused on our overall efficiency, but to not spend anycapital before it’s absolutely required. So, one of the things that we try todo every quarter is to make sure that we don't put any unnecessary capitalonline and that's what you saw here. Frankly, the 150 actual was a little bitless than plan and that's primarily due to some of the facility's expendituresthat we planned. So on a year, the $900 millionjust for your modeling will be pretty linear roughly half on the first half andhalf at the second half of '08. But I can speak for Seagate and I think we haveseen indications elsewhere that folks are being very mindful about puttingcapacity online before customer. So, they are either being cautions and I thinkthat's healthy for the industry and certainly we are doing our part.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate that. Andthen, Brian maybe you can just touch really quickly here on the prettyattractive opportunity here that you referenced in terms of high capacity, highmargin through ATA business, 500 to 751 terabyte, seems as if Seagate has apretty lead good followed by Western Digital. What are you seeing from yourcompetitors? Do they have the capacity? Do they have the technology to go outto this market particularly that becomes kind of the coveted profit growthstory for the industry over the next couple of years?
Brian Dexheimer: Well, the cynical part of me Markwould say that it close an opportunity to mess up the profit growth story basedon behavior. But, with the kind of growth we are seeing, fortunately right nowthat's not an option for the industry. What I'll tell you is there are twocomponents for the growth. One is through technology, which you are absolutelyright, we are well-positioned for. And products like that, they are a highdish, high headcount products, vertical integration helps, and leadingtechnology is even better, and we happen to have both. So, we arewell-positioned from technology. The other vector is applicationexpertise. As I mentioned to one of the previous questions, the growth we areseeing at high capacity really covers a number of different segments, theobvious one being the desktop market that's certainly a component of it. Lessobvious being things like commercial surveillance, the branded business that wehave and then finally where application expertise is really important and weare well-position the enterprise and this edge of the internet sort of buildout. We believe we shipped over 2 million units to edge-to-the-Internetapplications and high-capacity SATA, which we consider enterprise applications andpart of our enterprise business and the application expertise to pull that off,because it's the same primary custom set of our classic mission-criticalbusiness is not trivial. And we think that's a key component of growth thereand so from pure technology and application expertise, we think we are reallywell-positioned.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you for that. And may be Iwould squeeze one more question. And Charles could you may be give us littlemore color behind the government research grant that you talked about earlier.
Charles Pope: Sure. This is a non-US grant. Wehave operations in countries that we operate in the tax holidays, and some ofthe benefits that we get are related to research that it goes on in thosecountries. This grant was about $4 million grant.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum Capital Group.
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Thanks, Brian. Just a quick questionon the tremendous OEM demand. How much benefit do you think you received duringthe quarter from OEMs, fearful about Hitachi'scommitment to the disk drive business versus end demand? Brian Dexheimer Yeah, Christian, I would probablyhazard to guess on that, it's tough to read minds. What I would tell you is, webelieve we've benefited from additional volume both in terms of market growth,but if you're suit and I know you are, you will look at our growth relativelyto industry and note that it's higher. So, we grew some share, and we grew thatshare probably because of our flexibility in our leading technology lineup. Wemay have also grown it because of some misexecution in part of some competitionand/or some of the things you mentioned. But, it's almost impossible for us totell that specific reason.
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Great. No further questions.Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi. Thanks guys, a couple ofquestions. First on the OpEx, how much you gave, Charles? What should we bethinking about that if you look beyond the December quarter? Should we beassuming those kind of increased bonuses would continue, i.e. the dollar runrates stays similar or should we think that would come little down as a percentof sales going forward? And I have a follow up.
Charles Pope: If said look in the March andJune quarters, we would probably expect them to come back down to the $400million to $405 million range, because in the spending level that's reflectedin the December quarter. It does have some increased variable R&D cost forproducts that are coming through that stage of it at this point in time.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: And do you guys did not talkregarding your options number once in the quarter?
Charles Pope: I do not remember on top of myhead what that is. I can certainly have Rod make that available.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then one follow-up forBrian as well. Looking at the consumer business again just to make sure I amunderstanding things, when you are talking the consumer, the branded itself youare including is part of desktop, is that correct?
Brian Dexheimer: No, actually calling our brandedseparately.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Brian Dexheimer: Our branded business are thoseproducts that we shipped under the Maxtor and Seagate brands, where we saw(inaudible) consumer electronics business, is that which goes into consumerelectronics applications really as it drives them so. Think of handheld, DVR,game consoles, things like that, automotive.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: But did you give a number of abrand, I just missed that.
Brian Dexheimer: I didn't give a specific number.I said it was up 10% sequentially on a top line basis.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. So when we're adding up inthe units here, is that part of that $29 million desktop fan or what?
Brian Dexheimer: We throw the units when you arelooking at the website. If you look at units, it will be in the desktop number.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Now, then going to the backto the gaming segment again, that was actually based on my numbers here anywaydown year-over-year. So could you talk about the dynamics, was that probablyjust because the real small contractors going way down or what, gaming down orwhat?
Brian Dexheimer: Right. If you remember last year,it was the launch of the PS3.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Yeah.
Brian Dexheimer: And you remember that launch wasdelayed, so a lot of volume that might have been in. The similar quarter lastyear got pushed to the December quarter. So, it makes a difficult year-on-yearcomp.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Brian Dexheimer: Make sense?
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Out next question comes from theline of Andrew Neff with Bear Stearns.
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Sure. I just wanted to see if youcould elaborate a little more than you get on competition and what you areseeing in that respect in terms of -- talked a lot at the analyst meeting aboutthings you are seeing Hitachi,Fujitsu, is that have you seen any change since the analyst meeting in terms ofcompetitive behavior?
Charles Pope: Not necessarily, so we haven'tnoticed anything I think at least for now. Again, the pricing was some whatbenign, more than we thought going to the core, but now we haven't seen anythingthat we didn't talk about the analyst and it appears that everyone's prettymuch got their head down and is kind of focus on the Metro products.
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks very much.
Charles Pope: Last question please.
Operator: Our last question comes from theline of Shaw Wu with American Technology Research.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Sure. Just a clarification onyour hybrid comments, where do you said you shipped 100,000 units, not sure ifI heard that correctly, and just related to that, just kind of wondering what'syour view on Intel's Robson technology, is that something that's competitive,complementary or where we see notebook products kind of a both forms some withhybrid and some with Robson? Thanks.
Brian Dexheimer: John, first I want to clarifyyes, you did hear a 100,000 units. It's early days on hybrid. We got three OEMsthat are shipping new products. The market is still quite nascent relative toRobson. We are very confident this technology will perform well versus thatalternative architecture for several commercial reasons why, OEMs might notwant to align with Robson as an alternative. And we think the hybrid designwill provide some additional benefits beyond the performance that Robsonpromises. So, we feel pretty good about it. We're part of the industryassociation around hybrid, that's in full support of the hybrid design, and Ithink we're getting good acceptance from the customer base.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Okay. And just a quick follow-up,in terms of support for the hybrid, the flash portion, is that through the OSlayer, through like Windows, or is that your software?
Brian Dexheimer: No, hybrid is really a functionof the operating system. So, Vista had anumber of changes in it that were to accommodate hybrid in fact. There isnumber of changes forthcoming in Service Pack 1 that will take more advantageof the features that the hybrid drive provides. But it is within the control ofMicrosoft.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Dexheimer: Okay. With that, thank you allfor joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Takecare.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-07-19 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bill Watkins - CEO   Charles Pope - EVP and CFO   Dave Wickersham - President and COO   Brian Dexheimer - EVP and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer 
Analysts: Aaron Rakers -A. G. Edwards   Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   David Bailey - Goldman Sachs   Rich Kugele - Needham & Company   Mark Miller - Brean Murray   Christian Schwab - Craig Hallum Capital Group   Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan   Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley   Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch   Jeff Brickman - UBS   Daniel Renouard - Robert Baird   Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners   Keith Beckmann - Bank of Montreal 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's Fiscal Fourth Quarter and year-end 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded.  This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2006, and the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2007, and in the company's Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 19, 2007.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Janice. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us. On the phone with me today are Dave Wickersham, President and Chief Operating Officer, Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer.  I'll focus my comments on the overall highlights of the 2007 fiscal year, as well as the fourth quarter specifically. Following that I'll turn to our outlook for fiscal 2008 and share with you our review of the key factors that will enforce our performance in the year ahead. I'll then turn it over to Brian, Dave and Charles to discuss details of our market, operating and financial results respectively.  Fiscal 2007 was a year in which we clearly demonstrated and further extended our industry leaders. Our operating performance or results reflect success of our very deliberate efforts to execute against the number of important objectives, including completing the Maxtor renovation, continuing to advance our technology in cost leadership positions, maintaining our leadership in key markets and introducing new products in core markets while developing the additional values streams in new and emerging markets.  On an annual basis, Seagate reported $11.4 billion in revenue, a 23% increase year-over-year. We shipped a total of 159 million units and captured a significant portion of the total available market with a 35% share. We are pleased with these results as our revenue and shipment numbers are unmatched by any other disc drive company in the industry. In the fourth quarter specifically, while maintaining our leadership position at desktop and consumer electronic markets.  We also greatly increased an already strong position in the notebook market, and further advanced our substantial lead in the enterprise market. Our product program progress to plan during the quarter, and we are particularly pleased with the continued advancement of our transition to perpendicular recording. We are ahead of our announced transition schedule with outstanding yields, quality, and reliability across the board.  I'll like to comment now on some of the highlights for the year. From a financial perspective, we continue to take a disciplined approach to efficiently deploying capital, and maintaining our technology and product leadership. Consequently we sustain and continue to invest in infrastructure and capital equipment needed to support and grow the business.  In fiscal year 2007 we increased unit shipments by 34% to 159 million from 119 million in the prior year. We continued to improve our cost structure, lowering our breakeven point to 12 to 13 points of gross margin. This compares to breakeven points of 16 to 17 points three years ago. We continue to expand our market coverage, and realize new revenue stream from investments in technologies such as full disk encryption, products such as our feature rich FreeAgent line, and adjacencies such as our services business.  Additionally, we completed shares repurchases totaling over $200 million during the current quarter, for a total of over $1.5 billion for the fiscal year. Our commitment to repurchasing Seagate stock demonstrates our confidence in the company's strategic plan as well as the long-term liability of the industry.  The fundamentals of Seagate business have remained consistently strong. We deliver solid revenue growth and generate the cash flow necessary for investments that will support both future product development and overall business group. As an industry leader, our scale and expertise have allowed us to continue introducing innovative products in the market place while simultaneously reducing cost in the company's breakeven point, plus combating the pricing pressures. This flexibility allows us to respond quickly to market changes, and enhances our ability to remain focused on growing the company and generating value for our shareholders over the long-term.  One significant effect of what we have seen in the recent environment and the environment in neither ahead is how we will handle guidance moving forward. We've determined as pricing volatility continues to challenge the industry, providing annual guidance on revenue and earnings is not particularly valuable. We have decided to only provide quarterly estimates going forward. We will, however, continue providing annual information on certain aspects of the business that will help you analyze the company's performance. Further, annual information will be provided at our Analyst Meeting in September.  In summary, this fiscal year was one in which Seagate made great strides on the product and technology front, maintained an impressive overall market share, and advanced or retained our leadership position within key arenas.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2008, we see market trends are continuing to drive robust demand for storage and significant opportunities for growth. I am confident that we will be able to capitalize on those opportunities given our position within the industry, while consistently delivering sound financials and operating performance.  We will continue our commitment to growing the business, executing our strategy, and generating meaningful value for our shareholders.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Brian to provide more details on our performance in the market during the quarter. 
Brian Dexheimer: Thanks, Bill. Demand in fiscal 2007 was again very strong and led to record shipments for the industry and Seagate. Seagate shipped a record 159 million units during the year, representing the continued growth of storage applications in client/server environments, as well as clearly underlying this explosive growth in digital content, particularly in the home. In fact, we believe that in the past year more terabytes of storage were shifted into homes than businesses, as consumers continue to aggressively create, share, and collect digital content.  Evidence of this can be seen in the tripling of users in the past year of services such as YouTube, MySpace and iTunes. The more than 120,000 new blogs created globally each day and the more than 250 billion digital pictures taken in the past year. We view these trends as extremely positive for the industry and Seagate for the next few years to come.  Moving on to the June quarter, we are pleased that we were able to execute through our plans. In general, industry demand was in line with our expectations and we believe the overall total available market was slightly more than 110 million units, up 11% year-over-year.  In the quarter, Seagate retained its overall leadership, shipping 35% of the industry's volume as well as the number one position in Enterprise, Desktop, and CE shipments.  Looking towards the September quarter, we expect seasonal growth to bring the overall TAM up about 15% quarter-over-quarter to 125 million to 128 million units, representing year-over-year growth of 10% to 11%.  Now just some detail on the individual markets. The Mobile Compute market demand was a bright spot during the quarter as the TAM came in flat to the March quarter, which is slightly higher than our expectation was at the beginning of the quarter.  Seagate shipped a record 6.1 million units, an increase of 80% year-over-year and 30% sequentially. A strong trend to our higher capacity products continued as nearly 50% of the industry shipments were in capacity 120 gigabytes or greater.  Seagate's average capacity climbed to 100 gigabytes during the quarter. Also, we began initial shipments of our first hybrid network product, as well as our second generation industry leading security product featuring full disk encryption.  In the September quarter, we expect strong seasonal uplift in the Mobile Compute TAM. As expected, the TAM and the Consumer Electronics market were slightly down in the June quarter. Seagate maintained its leadership position during the quarter shipping 5 million units, driven primarily by shipments in gaming applications and DVR.  During the quarter, we completed a number of successful qualifications of our newest generation of DDR products and experienced the rebound in demand from the more middle levels that characterize the March quarter. We also completed several successful qualifications of the one disc, 60 gigabyte, 1.8 inch product, during the quarter. However due to a shift in market demands for higher capacity platforms in the near term, we've reduced forward-line expectations for these phases. We remain excited about these platforms and view the shift for higher capacity as yet another signal for a strong demand is highly mobile applications, and as a results we remain committed to future generations of products in these categories.  We believe the overall stand for the CE market in the September quarter will be seasonally higher, as CE manufacturers prepare for the holiday season. The enterprise market stand and mission-critical applications were slightly lower than expected; demand in the US commercial enterprise markets seems to be the driver of the minor deviation, though the current view for the September quarter indicates a rebalance in more normal demand patterns.  Overall we believe the industry shipped 6.9 million units in the June quarter and Seagate maintained its clear leadership in these market shipping 4.3 million units. Additionally the adoption of small form factor drives continued to accelerate during the quarter. As shipments reach 1.6 million units now at 36% of our enterprise business, we also believe first-to-market qualifications and volume rent of our Cheetah 15K 300 gigabyte and small form factor 10K 146 gigabytes products have led to some incremental share gains.  Looking forward we expect the enterprise stands in the September quarter to be flat to slightly up. One final note regarding enterprise market, over longer time periods we do observe that the explosive growth of high capacity enterprise class SATA products is likely shifting some demand from traditional machine critical class drives; we view this trend positively and this emerging space has added dramatically to the net-growth profile of the enterprise business, and that market requirements match well with Seagate's technology leadership in customer access- to that end some products in this space, namely our 750 gigabyte drive, in the June quarter we saw a 28% sequential increase in shipments.  Now on the desktop compute market, we maintained our leadership positioned by shipping 23.8 million units and a TAM that was expectedly below that of the March quarter. We continue to see average capacity points increase in this market, which we believe favors Seagate's strength in technology and cost leadership. In the June quarter, 35% of the desktop TAM with drives at 250 gigabytes and greater. Seagate once again led the industry and delivered in volume the industry's first 250 gigabyte pro-disc product.  In addition two-thirds of our desktop-class drives shipped during the quarter were based on perpendicular recording, and we expect to raise that percentage to more than 90% in the current quarter. We are pricing in general slightly more aggressively than expected, particularly in mid to high cap products early in the quarter. We believe general inventory exceeding the June quarter for Seagate and the industry was under five weeks.  We expect the TAM and desktop compute to be seasonally up in the September quarter. Finally in our brands solution business revenue and execution improved sequentially. Consistent with last quarter market dynamics, pricing and competition remains aggressive. This market followed the growth and average capacity of all other markets, where Seagate averaged 3.5 inch shipments reaching over 360 gigabytes. We strongly believe there is additional head room for growth in this space and expect strong seasonal back half of the calendar year.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dave to run an update on our operation. 
Dave Wickersham: Thanks, Brian. I'll start with a few comments regarding Seagate's supply of media given Western Digital acquisition of Komag, and then provide some information related to how Seagate executed during the June quarter, and conclude with the discussion of our expected capital investments for fiscal 2008.  First and foremost Seagate anticipated adequate supply of finished media and substrates, notwithstanding WDs plans acquisition of Komag. The volume purchase agreement in place with Komag provided Seagate the flexibility and adequate time to address our media and substrate source in needs. In regards to industries supply of finish media and substrate, assuming industry capacity is added as anticipated and the transition to perpendicular media is executed without disruption. We believe the industry has and will continue to have adequate supply of finished media and substrate.  Inventory in the June quarter decreased by $38 million, from $832 million to $794 million. Inventory turnover improved slightly to 10.8 turns primarily due to a reduction of $55 million in finished goods. These reductions more than offset an increase in the precious metal inventory required to support our conversion to perpendicular based products.  Looking forward to the September quarter, while we will continue to focus on optimizing our supply chain, the impact of precious metal use associated with the volume ramp for perpendicular products will continue to pressure our turnover. Consequently, churns are expected to be approximately 10 in the September quarter.  We continue to be very pleased with the successful ramp of our perpendicular products and processes. Perpendicular component and product deals are meeting plans and already exceed the legacy longitudinal products they replaced.  Customer qualification continued to progress as expected and in the June quarter we shipped over 28 million drives with perpendicular recording up, from the 17 million shipped in the March quarter.  In addition to the successful introduction and ramp of perpendicular based products, we are very pleased that the field reliability of these products is significantly better than that of the longitudinal-based products. We expect to exit calendar year 2007 with a convergent to perpendicular recording largely complete. A significant accomplishment that reflects the product and technology leadership Seagate has consistently demonstrated.  As always we aggressively manage the company’s capital investments to align with customer demand and to improve the utilization of capital equipment. Consequently, we further reduced our capital expenditures in fiscal year 2007 to approximately $900 million. Based on the current customer requirements and the planned equipment utilization we expect fiscal year 2008 capital investments to be flat year-over-year. This includes the investment necessary to expand our media and substrate capacity in Asia.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles. 
Charles Pope: Thank you, Dave. You will find the company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate's website at seagate.com.  Seagate reported June quarter revenue of $2.74 billion and unit shipments of 39.2 million. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share are $541 million and $0.96 respectively. Included in the GAAP results are approximately $27 million of purchased intangible, amortization and other charges associated with the Maxtor and EVault acquisitions. Without these charges and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $568 million and $1.01 respectively.  At the beginning of the June quarter, we provided a non-GAAP earnings per share outlook of $0.34 to $0.38. However, the reported GAAP and non-GAAP net income per share for the June quarter include the certain non-operating items that were not factored into our original guidance. It is important to understand these non-operating items since the company believes that achieved results at the high end of the range originally provided.  First, there is a $29 million restructuring charge which reflects cost associated with ongoing expense reduction activities across the company. Approximately $10 million of the restructuring charge is cash related and will be paid out in fiscal 2008.  Second, we wrote off a $4 million equity investment which is reflected in other income and expense.  And third, there was a significant favorable book tax rate adjustment that reflects the change to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets that resulted in the benefit to the income statement of approximately $359 million. The adjustments to the valuation allowance will not impact our cash tax rate or cash taxes paid. It is clearly an accounting adjustment.  A summary of these items can be found on page seven of the supplemental package on our website. GAAP gross margin for the June quarter was 21.6%. Excluding approximately $11 million of acquisition-related cost, non-GAAP gross margin was 22%. Non-GAAP gross margin was in line with our expectations and roughly flat sequentially when adjusting the March quarter for the favorable benefit of eliminating the fiscal year 2007 variable compensation.  Consistent with the March quarter results, there are no costs associated with variable compensation included in cost of goods sold. GAAP, R&D and SG&A costs were $364 million for the June quarter. Excluding costs related to the Maxtor and EVault acquisitions, non-GAAP expenses were $361 million.  During the June quarter, Seagate acquired storage-related intellectual property for approximately $9 million. Once again consistent with the March quarter results, there are no costs associated with variable compensation in R&D or SG&A.  Slide six has the detail for the adjustments made to GAAP, R&D and SG&A for the June quarter. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.14 billion.  During the 2007 fiscal year, Seagate made capital investments totaling $906 million, of which $218 million occurred in the June quarter. As Dave mentioned, we aggressively focus on aligning capital investments with customer demand, and at the same time continue to improve the utilization of our capital equipment.  At our Analyst Day last year in June, we told you to expect $1.35 billion of capital investments for fiscal 2007. As the year progressed, we aligned our capital equipment expenditure to changes in customer demand, utilized the portion of the Maxtor test equipment and benefited from improved yields and utilization of the existing equipment.  Cash flow from operations was $373 million for the June quarter. Days sales outstanding was 46, days payable outstanding was 55, both within the normal range.  Depreciation and amortization for the June quarter was $201 million, a decrease of approximately $35 million from the March quarter. This decrease is due primarily to a reduction in intangible amortization related to the Maxtor acquisition.  We have provided you with our estimated amortization of purchased intangible for fiscal year 2008 on slide 8 of the supplement on information package.  During the June quarter, the company took delivery of approximately 9.7 million shares related to its share repurchase plan. The average price of the shares that were delivered was $20.76. For the fiscal year that ended in June, Seagate repurchased approximately 62 million shares at an average price of $24.62.  Seagate has made significant progress in its desire to make the Maxtor acquisition a virtue on cash transaction. Since May of 2006, when Seagate closed the acquisition, the company has repurchased just over 78 million shares. The company has authorization to purchase approximately $975 million of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program.  For the September quarter, we are expecting the industry to experience a nominal seasonal increase in units demand of approximately 15%, as compared to June. It is important to note that we began the fiscal year with the assumption that Seagate's financial would be sufficient to reinstate the annual variable compensation plan.  For the September quarter, revenue is expected to be between $2.9 billion and $3 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.35 to $0.39 and includes approximately $27 million of purchased intangible to amortization and other charges associated with Maxtor and EVault acquisitions. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, excluding the acquisition-related costs, is expected to be $0.40 to $0.44.  GAAP, R&D and SG&A expenses are expected to be approximately $384 million for the September quarter on a non-GAAP basis, excluding approximately $4 million of acquisition-related costs. R&D and SG&A costs are expected to be approximately $380 million.  Additionally, other income and expenses are expected to be a net expense of approximately $17 million, and the tax rate is expected to be between 5% and 10%.  As always this outlook does not include the impact of any future acquisitions, stock repurchases or restructuring activities the company may undertake during the quarter.  As Bill mentioned, we believe that providing annual revenue and earnings guidance in this volatile environment is not particularly valuable. We will continue to share annual information with the investment community relative to factors that impact our business. That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Bill. 
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Charles. There will be a quiz for the analysts if any one of you understands our tax structure. But anyway, on behalf of the management team I would like to thank our employees around the world who performed amicably in this fast-changing market. We are very confident in Seagate’s strong position moving into fiscal year 2008. And look forward to the opportunities in front of us. So with that let’s open it up to questions. 
Operator: Thank you Sir. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Rakers with A. G. Edwards. 
Aaron Rakers -A. G. Edwards: Yeah thanks guys. A couple of questions, I guess first just looking at the model, two things I guess one on the gross margin side, obviously seen a little bit of positive seasonality of as we get into the September quarter, but given your guidance it doesn't look like were expecting to see much in terms of gross margin expansion, maybe if you can touch on that first and then also I'd like to understand the pick up that is expected to happen in the operating expense line. 
Charles Pope: Okay, this is Charles I will answer both of those questions. In the September quarter we have built into the guidance continued aggressive pricing not as aggressive as in the June quarter but still at the low end of range of what is normal and historically in the September quarter we've actually seen a dropped below the normal range. We do not assume that it is prudent to anticipate it dropping below the normal range in the environment that we are in, and so that’s the main reason for not seeing any margin expansion even given the seasonal up tick.  Then the second question relative to the OpEx if you look at the increase in OpEx it's almost evenly divided between the reinstatement of our variable compensation and then also some increased variable cost associated with R&D program that are in pre-production stages. 
Brian Dexheimer: Hey let me just add one more comment because I know there will be a lot of questions maybe on the OpEx is the OpEx too high? And in all we're very focused on this OpEx expense. That said, for iMed I think theme is that we still see there is a lot of investment out here that we've want to make we think there lot opportunities in products. I think the critical issue for us and what we can focus on are we getting the cost reduction and or the market revenue opportunities with our OpEx expending and then that's where more focus on to take these money that we're spending and making sure its in program that reduce our cost, our breakeven points and or add to the revenue and product market breadth that we are trying to attend. So again, I think we are very extensive to that, but again we think there are clear opportunities and how we spend our money and that is the future for us. During this time we think we set the opportunities for two year out now. 
Aaron Rakers -A. G. Edwards: Great. And if I could ask one follow-up on your CapEx guidance for the year being flat with fiscal 2007, can you give us I think its your analyst day can give us breakdown of how that spending worked? I would like to understand maybe where are the reductions might be coming in the place given your comments around deployment of the Maxtor equipment as well as improving yields on some of your existing cost equipment? 
Dave Wickersham: Sorry and this is Dave, so the first what you describe at the end that was really the historical, how do we get from where we were to where we are the 900 million actual, and as you have mentioned a small piece of that frankly was utilizing for Maxtor test equipment. But the vast majority was one as Charles said earlier aligning the customer demand which we'll always do, we have been in this environment you should might imagine.  Fairly conservative to make sure we didn’t ahead of our customer requirements, so we dialed back some flexibility throughout the year, and then secondly the team has just done a admirable job it continuing to look at equipment utilization and the factors that drive are yields and as we have said we are pleased with the continued improved and perpendicular ramp in associated yield, that helps with our equipment utilization and then just from continued remanufacturing standpoint to make sure from the supply chain and so forth there is no waste in the process.  So the vast majority were, one time the customers and two equipment utilization. Going forward in the '08 the reason we are able to continue to invest in technologies and expand capacity are those same reasons primarily equipment utilization, enjoying the benefits of our new products in the yield associated with newer products. At the same time continuing as I said earlier was a significant investment, both in Woodlands 3 which is our Singapore finish media expansion as well as our Johor, Malaysia aluminum substrate expansion. 
Aaron Rakers -A. G. Edwards: Great, thanks guys. 
Dave Wickersham: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, Dave, if I could start with you. You mentioned in your comments on media and substrate. Just in terms of the substrate capacity coming online for you guys internally, where are you guys with that. I think the last point I heard as you are looking at early 2008, is that a correct assumption? 
Dave Wickersham: The facility in Johor in Malaysia, Harry the expense I mentioned while the building will be up. It really won't be operational until March or June of next year. So think about mid calendar year '08. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And what are [two bottom x] to bring that online in a timely fashion? 
Dave Wickersham: Well, first, it's just a facility and getting that complete and all the logistics are getting the facility up and running. And that's proceeding as planned. And then like I said, it will largely be complete by the end of this calendar year. And then after that, it’s facilitating it and the equipment for plating and so forth. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Dave Wickersham: So, that's a first building, second from the long lead time equipment. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then Charles, in terms of phenol, first of all, should I think of depreciation of about $800 million for fiscal '08, is that the right number? 
Charles Pope: That would sound about right to me. I don't know the number up top of my head, but given the fact that our capital investments are a kind of $200 million to $225 million a quarter and it's been ramped up a couple of times during the last couple of years. That sounds like about the right numbers, Harry. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: And then given the better experience and field reliability with drives, is there a reason to expect your warranty reserves might improve in '08? 
Charles Pope: I guess I don't have that much visibility as to count right now. We track the reliability and adjusted the biggest thing you see relative to the ongoing warranty expenses, so that's a very, very large [PO] population that exists. 
Dave Wickersham: The other thing Harry, we still got a lot of legacy master parts too. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then the share buyback by the current authorization, current stock price that would be about 14 million shares which we have taken basically flat free Maxtor. When should we expect you guys to be buying that back, what other factors you are thinking about to get more or less aggressive over the next several quarters? 
Dave Wickersham: I guess I will have two answers to that. First is that normal season speeds of things if we were doing it out of operating cash, we'd probably be completed by mid next calendar year. At the calendar we took out our debt offering last September, we indicated that in late summer, early fall, we would evaluate whether or not we wanted to further utilize the balance sheet to accelerate the share repurchase anymore. We still intend to do that and we'll be evaluating that in the coming 60 days or so. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Last question, it is actually two part question. But it's related to the September quarter, I guess it's in my historic impression that mix tends to work a density on the margin side of equation with the little bit more gaining etcetera, is that true? And then related to that as we think about your gross margin structure longer term, could you maybe give us some of the ups and downs that you'd expect to see over the next several quarters? Thanks. 
Dave Wickersham: Brian. 
Brian Dexheimer: I will take the next question, Harry. And I think you hit nail on head. So if you just follow through in the market comments that I made, you'll find that the growth market are on the client side and the CE space. Those, spaces in general have ASP's that are below our average and so you are exactly right, from a mix perspective, ASP's and margins do get affected in the reverse direction, and right now of course it comes with it as tremendous amount of unifying growth. So, from gross margin dollar perspective, it's still positive. 
Charles Pope: Remind me of the second question. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Going forward on gross margin. 
Charles Pope: I think it would be better Harry to talk about the model of the company as we have our analyst day in September and to go through some of those real point then. I think it will be a more complete answer during that period of that. 
Bill Watkins: I mean I guess I'll give a short answer to that Harry. We feel comfortable on those things we can control and the biggest assurance in why we talked about not giving the annual guidance, is our ability to predict pricing. We have run in vertical moderate pricing decline we went 21, 24, 26. So, we have aggressive pricing decline, its hard for us to be that much better than rest of the industry. So, it's little bit out of our control. But when we think within a certain pricing range, we can handle and that price, I think to be the point that we're trying to get our break even points lower. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Bailey with Goldman Sachs. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Yes, great thank you. Just follow up on the pricing question, you commented on desktop pricing in the quarter, could you talk about pricing in the other areas as you went through the quarter. And what have you seen in the market lately from Samsung and Hitachi and how realistic is it, to expect those two companies to remain a little more well behaved as you go forward. 
Bill Watkins: I will let Brian start it and then I will give you a comment. 
Brian Dexheimer: Yes, Dave, I think Bill might have addressed the later half of your question, since his comments of, let me tackle the beginning part. I think with the exception that I noted and one of the reasons they didn’t comment selectively through the segments, because we price behavior largely what we expected at the beginning of the quarter. So in the notebook space we had intended it was going to be relatively aggressive and in fact it was. In the enterprise space we expected to be in the normal range and in fact it was. So, really the only exception was as I noted mid to high cap early in the quarter which produced a net differential on the quarter for the desktop products. 
Bill Watkins: Just let me add onto that, I think, in the pipeline again we had a hard time predicting what people do, because people are not in certain cases they seemed to be very market share driven versus comp ability but that said after this last year I haven't been through the industry as long as I can think. I have never seen two year like last year. But we are preparing ourselves for clearly aggressive year ahead of us. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: And then just one clarification, if you back out the three non operational items that you included in GAAP and non-GAAP, what would your tax rate have been in the quarter? 
Charles Pope: In the note that you send out there before you normalized it to 7.5%, that is probably the right way to approach it. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham and Company. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you. Just two questions, first obviously the unit guidance, more of the commentary in the 15% for the TAM and your own revenue guidance 6% to 9% sequential growth is not so different in how September quarters have gone for history, but probably a little bit better than has been typically guided at this point in July, can you just comment on what you are seeing today that might be giving you confidence in this type of guidance level? 
Bill Watkins: I've bought to a sales book, and I have to brand it, no actually it's too early to call the quarter, again we've looked at this from a quarter perspective and again we think there is pretty good demand out there and we feel good about the cost structure and some of the things that are going on the new products. We expect the 250 gigabits single disk you have out there. Again, it's our kind of confidence on the thing we can control. And I guess the concerned we have is all things we can't or what the behavior or what competition. So, right now, we feel that we got the right structure and right things going forward, but it still early to say, how this will fall out to. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay, and just secondly, Dave, you talked about how you are comfortable with your VTAs and you’ve mentioned your specific rollout there for Malaysia. But on Woodmans' 3, has this action caused you to in any way accelerate those plans to bring Woodman 3 up and is it even possible to accelerate those plans? 
Dave Wickersham: First, Rich, technically we are not going to change anything as I indicated with the VTA. We’ll continue to buy from Komag, and Kellogg’s we sit on lounge, look at expanding Woodman 3. We really don’t see the need to accelerate that. And frankly, speaking and honestly speaking, there is not much more we can do, because it similar to Johor to navigate in the facility up in running and facilitate. They are really some extent expense restrictor or will it be flexible from an outside perspective.  So we are going to continue to work with Komag. We look at other option, as you might image there is lot of dynamics in share shifts going up between the remaining three median suppliers. And we will just have to asses long-term what we want to do regarding finished media. So, we are -- current question is to be full steam ahead on Woodland 3 and then one that’s in place, will have pretty much unlimited flexibility. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you very much 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller from Brean Murray 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Following up on the Komag acquisition, do you see any long-term implications, I mean Komag was noted as a low cost producer, and also having very good substrate. I just wondering if that might put cramp in certain people ability to drive pricing 
Dave Wickersham: This is Dave Mark let me take a stab at it certainly with one last independent media supplier on the outside it's going limit the amount of opportunities for others to compete if that's a technique that they use to drive pricing lower but having said that I think there is lots more than adequate capacity in my opinion already on the market. So I think that the three remaining finish media suppliers will be very flying full on how they add capacity and as terms of the behavior how they want to price that I guess should have to ask them I really satisfactory but clearly one big one of the market will have some implications source on supplying pricing is my view. 
Brian Dexheimer: I think just makes 17 more competitive but also I think it makes the Siemens, Samsung, and some of you guys less competitors. 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Do you think that you've already said there is that consolidation will be a continuing trend you think that forces the two firms you just mentioned that there is something and any speculation what they might do? 
Brian Dexheimer: It's personal I don't see how these three Japanese media suppliers exist on broad. Its like there couldn't two head suppliers and so there is already one source my personal but you never know I mean Japanese are a little bit different than we do so. 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Alright thank you 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christian Schwab with Craig Hallum Capital Group 
Christian Schwab - Craig Hallum Capital Group: Great, my question is, quite some people it seems like we've taken away some price discounts on high capacity drives here recently, hear you chatter of that. Can you guys comment on whether you think that we are now in a situation where we might see stability and 250 and 500 drives. 
Dave Wickersham: We got to wait for this quarter it's a little early for me to call I have seen behaviors change pretty fast so quite early to call in rather. 
Brian Dexheimer: If we toss stability and pricing rational pricing in particular the Desktop, probably doesn't happen in the mobile side, but what's the gross margins be? 
Christian Schwab - Craig Hallum Capital Group: I am not going to speculate. There has also been speculation about other components you shipped into disc drives and mergers that could be happening within that space. Maybe you could comment on your thoughts on the suspension side of the business? 
Bill Watkins: Go ahead Dave. 
Dave Wickersham: Christian, this is Dave, yeah. There are three independent suppliers, one of them has in fact posted on their websites that they were in some talks, nothing definitive, nothing finalized. And so we are monitoring that situation and continuing to do business with all three. They'll get partners of ours. We'll stay close to see what happens but it's too early to predict what we might do. 
Christian Schwab - Craig Hallum Capital Group: Great. And then I would imagine that your build plans aggressively could down our finished goods, probably manufacturers that drives than we shipped, is that a correct assumption? 
Dave Wickersham: Yes. 
Christian Schwab - Craig Hallum Capital Group: Great. No further questions. Thanks. 
Dave Wickersham: Thanks Chris. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Yes, very good afternoon. I was wondering Brian if you can weigh in on the mix within Desktop and Notebook as related to the geographies of the world, or the certain geographies, and thereby certain foreign factor calls that we will now announce. We are hearing a lot of that, some of the low array of PCs fees over an Asia, Eastern European are up picking up, are you seeing a dynamic as well for both Desktop and Notebook? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, let me try to give you an overall answer on the Desktop. The Christmas seasons saw a pretty dramatic shift. I think we talked about this in our January call upwards in terms of capacity. And so for large part of the December quarter, we actually were short of 300 gigabyte and prototype products. We've moved into this calendar. We saw that shift exactly other direction. My sense is that we'll see in the back half of the year as the consumer becomes more of a factor in PC purchases in the seasonal seasons that will be shift back in other way.  So, I don't think that gave complete answer to your question, whether you state for that geographically. But geographically what we do now is that those systems tend to be at the lower end of PC spectrum to clean the desktop. And as the growth rate outside of the US, Japan and Western Europe in the desktop are double digit whereas in those countries reports are more than likely negative.  All in all, we are seeing desktop growth rates in the 7% to 8% range globally and the majority of that growth and all that growth is happening in those regions. So, the only offset to that is what we see happening in external storage environment, IER branded business where there as I mentioned the average capacity is up over 350 gigabytes. And so we have got that phenomena. We have also got from the 3.5-inch ATA spectrum, the business critical or the near machine critical taking high capacity product in some sectors of the DDR environment. So all that rolled out great set phenomena, I talked about which is about 35% of the market today being 250 gigabytes in greater. And I think you will see that percentage increase this quarter or next quarter. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, I appreciate that. And then you mentioned Brian, maybe you or Bill could weigh in, in terms of how Seagate is assessing the branded performance thus far versus your internal expectations. You have been pretty resolute in terms of why you have been doing out there in the marketplace? How do you feel the velocity of revenue trajectory is to fill into plan at this point? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah Mark, I will take that one. It's too early to call in terms of what really happened in the overall market in June, we are still trying to get our arms around the overall market. Our sense is that that's a quarter where seasonally the retail market is little bit softer. As I mentioned we met our internal plans and those plans were to be added above March results and we achieved that. So to the extent that we achieved that plan in the market, in fact we have moved the other direction and I think we feel good about that. If for some reason it’s busted through seasonality, then I think we feel such good about our results. But they are making mistake about it's really a focus force. I think it is a tremendous growth opportunity for ourselves and for the industry, and that consumers are going to continue to draw storage into their home in a pretty significant way. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And I have a one more question for you Brain, and then I'll have a follow-up with Charles if I may. Earlier you talked the enterprise, the dynamics in terms of how CE views the potential penetration of high-end 700 gigabytes SATA drives over time that wasn't performance based, just system file applications, I wanted to get a sense in terms of how you view the comparative dynamics? Obviously, you guys enjoy the considerable dominance within the fiber channel and SCSI, but given that we see a lot folks introducing their own flavor of 750 gigabytes and one terabyte SATA drives. Do we have more of a competitive dynamic growth that you are going to be watchful of? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yes, I am Brian Dexheimer Mark. It’s a great question. So, there is couple dimensions to that. One is to the extent you believe that those customers will always want the highest capacity available at the best cost per gigabyte. This plays right in the hands of our leading technology. So, we have every intention of deploying our latest aerial density technology into the products that you just mentioned, Really that gives us a great advantage and I think the evidence of that's in the 750 gigabytes soon to be a terabyte product.  The other thing is that it is little bit customer dependent, this is not a, what I call desktop class products. So, what we are finding is that, while these products have characteristics of many desktop drives, like the interface and capacity point in the form factor. There is additional set of requirements that many of the customers are taking into market and deploying in these enterprise like applications or putting on top of that.  I think we understand that better than anyone, because of our position in the classic enterprise and actually think that’s worked to our won designs and we were able to incorporate that future set into that product class for lot more regularly than maybe others are. So, I think those two things will continue to play to our advantage sort of stake. And make this market a pretty attractive market for us as it grows and it's growing pretty rapidly. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. And then Charles if at all if I could, looking at the gross margins. Can you give us a sense of what are the key levers that really need to stick at the key gross margins within a relatively range going forward . Do you need to really continue to execute on your new technology and product announcements in the past few months or longer term should we think about you maybe even taking on more interest in having a wider range of gross margin profile to give you a little more breathing room given the current types of mix that you and Bill have referenced? 
Charles Pope: I think there is a number things that have changed overtime that are making it a little less predictable, Mark and that is just as Brian mentioned earlier, during the back half of the year when historically margins had expanded. Today with consumer electronics which tend to have margins lower than corporate average both are heavy seasonal periods for that which tend to mute the gross margin expansion opportunities in the back half of the year and all. That along with the pricing environment and the fact that there you have a higher mix of products that are going into applications that do have lower margin areas, the home hand held devices and other things. All make it a relatively tight range themselves, that product mix and the pricing environment are the two single biggest levels, the pricing environment first, the product mix second. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good evening. It sounds like channel inventory are back to normal levels and Intel commented earlier this week that inventories declined especially in emerging market. That’s something that you also saw on the disk drive space. 
Brian Dexheimer: Its depends where you measure it from. Katie this is Brian. Our observation is the quarter-on-quarter that we saw relative flat profile exceeding margin exceeding June. So, less than five weeks for the industry as it works at the end of March, it' a great differentiation up by region in that number. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then in the first quarter many of your competitors lost quite a bit of money. Do you have any sense as to whether industry profit has a whole improved or deteriorated this quarter and what implication that may have for further consolidation or restructuring at the vender level? 
Charles Pope: No Katie, we don’t, we really don’t. I mean we have to wait and feel over the next week so that people come out. But no we really don’t have a central at. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And then just lastly, since there will a quiz. What drove the decision to reverse the evaluation allowance on the deferred tax asset? 
Dave Wickersham: Good question, well its actually not the decision that you make to do it. There were set of circumstances given the industry, at the company structure that we have Katie for there have been some changes during the course of the last year, for really to follow appropriate accounting. We had to review the valuation allowance. Just as a quick reminder the deferred tax asset and then many companies are required to look in and evaluate the ability to utilize those deferred tax assets and if it's not apparent that they can fully utilize the differed tax assets.  They required a reserve against those and then at least on an annual basis you go through and evaluate that. We've had a couple of tax related changes that had occurred during the year so as we reviewed the reserve against the differed tax assets, we were really require to take down those reserves which would reflected with the benefit that you found the income statement. Doesn’t change our cash taxes paid, doesn't change to reporting this is purely financial reporting accounting issues. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Could you just go back over the notebook market a little bit I am just curious if you can provide more color on why you gain so much share during the June quarter? And then when you talk about you strong seasonal outlook for the September quarter is that assuming more share gain or is that just based on end market demand? 
Brian Dexheimer: Maybe the second one first, Steven this is Brian, so the comment about strength in the September quarter is not Seagate specifics it's really market comments, so we certainly believe that we'll grow at least that market rate. We don't have any great ambitious to grow share was any execution issues but some of our competition. I think comparing March to June which is first part of your question recognized that March we were really happy with our performance there. It was a flat to slightly down share performances in December quarter. We had some product issues in the March quarter that presented some planed growth in the March quarter.  So a part of what we saw in June was recapture of what we didn't get in March, as well as we saw early in the quarter and really drop most of the quarter about a half of dozen large customers that came back to us for additional product as either they has quite disruption issues with some of other competition and or they send more demand than they had planned in the quarters. So I think part of that additional share volume that we got was maybe at the expense of some of our competition. We didn't execute it, because of our customer mix and their ability to gain in the marketplace and an environment that probably ended up be in a little bit stronger than everyone had anticipate. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just on the consumer market. Once you get through this quarter, are you still looking for, will Seagate reposition that well enough to participate in the December quarter for consumer demand that should pick up even further? And how much can some of the branding efforts play a role such as the FreeAgent product? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, we see consumers were really talking about those products that we sell to OEM device manufacturers in the handheld DVR gaming space. So I want to differentiate that from our brand solutions business, which was the last part of the comment. The net as we feel bullish about all the above. We have far more control of our brands solutions business. We take directly in some market under the Seagate Maxtor brands.  We think the December quarter is going to be as it is always a high seasonal quarter for the product set. And we think we're well positioned. We'll be announcing some new products over the course of the next 90 days that fall into that space, which you will hear about in September when we have our Analyst Day. On the Consumer Electronic side and the DVR gaming, handheld space, I don't think you will see much change for us in the handheld space. There will be some incremental growth there from us in the December quarter. But we do expect both DVR and gaming to have their high cycles in December quarter more fully participate now. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Brickman with UBS. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Great, thanks. Just wondering if you could discuss the linearity on the quarter, particularly as you entered after a month of March that's perhaps a little disappointing takes on what you have been expecting? 
Bill Watkins: Go ahead Brian. 
Brian Dexheimer: Yes, Jeff, this is Brian. It ended up be in a pretty typical June quarter. I think your comment about March is fair, certainly reinforced by what we said in our April call. But the linearity of the June quarter was about we expected and about 50% of the quarter half and then the month of June. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Okay and then just on, 2.5 inch in notebooks, I know this has been asked a couple of times, but did anything from a price perspective, do you see any sort of moderation and also, you felt you could come in and maybe be a slightly more aggressive or was that really not the dynamic, I know you have mentioned a few other things still going on. 
Brian Dexheimer: Right most of the notebook pricing for last quarter would have been negotiated prior the end of March. So, that's pretty clear in understanding that when we talked about it in April, and really didn't see much change. So, what we saw in the June quarter, beginning the negotiations for the September quarter, too early to comment on whether those keep hold or not, but there is some reason to believe that there might be a little bit of moderation there, just based on overall supply and demand characteristics, the September quarter being much stronger than the June quarter. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Got you, okay. And then just last bit from me. Could you just give us an idea of the rough percentage of the line which from gaming and non-inflated. Maybe the counts per markets were weaker than expected. But any views of this, some of the price that we are hearing about, might be an opportunity to catalyze some sales there? 
Brian Dexheimer: We are pretty far back in the supply chain just so. I am not sure that you know any price cuts you see at the console level are going to be reflected in demand to us probably for months to come. Supply chain is relatively complete, I think after a year of rollout of that particular console. So I think, you know, while at the margin it seems to be a positive for demand in this space, I don't think we are going to see a direct within days kind of correlation, just because of the length of the supply chain. And note that in the June quarter that's typically the slowest or lowest build out quarter for the game console market. We expect September will be better and probably December incremental and better than that. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Again would you share us the rough percentage that I think you have in the past, but just as far as a percentage of units you shipped? 
Brian Dexheimer: Of the 5 million that we shift last quarter? 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Yes. 
Brian Dexheimer: Now that’s a 35% about third to that would be in gained consoles. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Great, Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line at Daniel Renouard with Robert Baird. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert Baird: Hi, Thank you, my question is just related to your restructuring charge $29 million, can you give us a little more detail where exactly that came from, how much of that was head count related, versus facility related , and how much you think about further restructuring potentially ongoing basis? 
Charles Pope: The entire $29 million was facilities and non-employee related restructuring, we would anticipate that they wont still be reduced during the course of this year to further reduce cost in certain areas no but non of the existing restructuring was employee related. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert Baird: What was the $10 million in cash then related to that just? I think out leases things of that nature. 
Bill Watkins: Correct. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert Baird: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi just a couple of questions I didn’t hear you really talk about the OpEx for the current quarter, you mention the bonuses in fact I think future cores but OpEx was really high looks like in the June quarter as well, then also what tax rate are you building in forward into that guidance you gave? 
Charles Pope: Okay. During the existing quarter part of the increase that you see in the OpEx, we did have the purchase of some IT and storage related IT that was expensed in the quarter that's the single biggest jump up in terms of the increased in spending in OpEx this quarter, as I have indicated both in terms of last quarter in the way to kind of look at it, normalize it, using the 7.5% rate that we had talked about early in the quarter is probably the right way to look at it, and going forward as I had indicated I think using something between 5% to 10%, and if you wanted cut it in the half and turn it to 7.5% its again probably the right way to look at it. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and then one other follow up here, on CapEx may I miss it, but did you say that you were planning for the year it can imply to 800 or a billion for a year but could you -- 
Charles Pope: How is $900 million Kevin? 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then just one other follow up on, just to clarify the questions on the sort of I guess, build or buy on a media, is there any change to your plan or is there any reconsideration going on your plan? What are you going to do internal versus external? 
Bill Watkins: It's too early Kevin like I said, short-term we are going to continue between that 10% or 15% for next three to six months beyond that. We will take a look at it if you have anything reportable we will get back in September. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Charles Pope: Okay, thank you. 
Bill Watkins: Hey Janice we’ll take one more question. 
Operator: Thank you sir. And your last question comes from the line of [Keith Beckmann] with Bank of Montreal. 
Keith Beckmann - Bank of Montreal: Hi, thank you. Just two quickies, on the media side, is there are difference between the actual substrate and the media itself in terms of your goals on that 10% to 15%? 
Brian Dexheimer: That’s a finished media statement. 
Keith Beckmann - Bank of Montreal: Right, so how about on the substrate line? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well on the substrate side we are going to continue. The vast majority is external and as indicated we will proceed with the expansion of aluminum substrates into Johor, but as far as our relationships with our external substrates acquires they will continue. 
Keith Beckmann - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Then just on the 1.8 inch drive rather, you mentioned that it was a little bit disappointing you are going to try to move up in capacity point, how does that play out do you think over the next couple of quarters? In terms of either comments on where that support needs to be, any kind of color on the projected unit volumes or anything along those lines? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah. Keith this is Brian, l really don’t want to get into unit volumes or announcing a new products, it suffices to say, that there is some prices in the market today, announced products that are higher capacity then the one that we have. I think you can project out this and some of the things we said about aerial density and kind of anticipate what the next one might be. I don’t there will be product that we’ll release anytime before 2008.  So, products we have today, will be the products that we take to market for the next several quarters. And I think, we’re going to keep our expecting in line just based on where that fits, given some of the applications fits out there today. 
Keith Beckmann - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Brian Dexheimer: Fine. Thank you, all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-04-17 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bill Watkins - CEO   Charles Pope - EVP and CFO   Dave Wickersham - President and COO   Brian Dexheimer - EVP and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer 
Analysts: Paul Mansky - Citigroup   Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan   David Bailey - Goldman Sachs   Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards   Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets.   Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel   Rob Semple - Credit Suisse   Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley   Jeff Brickman - UBS   Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird   Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch   Rich Kugele - Needham & Company 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's Fiscal Third Quarter 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded  This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements is contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2006, and the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2007, and in the company's Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2007.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  We would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 
Bill Watkins: Welcome everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Wickersham, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer.  I'll begin today’s call by reviewing our performance for the quarter and our expectations for the fourth quarter. Then Brian, Dave and Charles will give you more details on the core market, operating and financial performance.  As I noted in our press release, we are disappointed with our results for the third quarter. We miscalculated the market. And in this unusually challenging environment, we failed to deliver the results that we had projected.  The gap was due primary to a shortfall in the expected total market demand for 3.5-inch ATA disc drives and due to our pricing environment for high capacity 3.5-inch ATA disc drive that was more aggressive than we had planned.  In light of the fact that we did not meet our plan for the quarter, we no longer expect to meet the annual revenue and earnings targets forecast in January. Charles will provide an adjusted forecast later in his part.  Despite this uncharacteristic market environment, it's important to note that the fundamentals of Seagate business and that of the industry remained solid. Seagate’s revenue remained strong, our balance sheet is healthy, and we continue to generate cash for ongoing investments in the capital and R&D, required for growth.  Further, from a market perspective, we increased our share in key growth markets and maintained our leadership in the core markets. We are operating at the kind of scale that allows us to continue to innovate while driving down costs, and thus exercise a great deal of market flexibility.  Overall, our results continue to reflect our leadership position in the sector, as well as a strong trend line that shows the creation sharing of the content needed to grow at this pace.  We remain confident in our strategy and in the growing strength of our company. Seagate is well positioned in an industry that has seen some strong growth trends. We remain committed to pricing discipline, maintaining profit and ensuring continued investment in our industry-leading technology.  We have consistently demonstrated our ability to deliver superior profitability. And we believe that we will continue to deliver industry leading results in the fiscal year and over the long-term.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Brian for more details on the market dynamics of the quarter. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Davis Consultants Asia is a multi-disciplined consulting practice focused on business development and advisory services in the data storage industry. :
Established in 1994, and headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Davis Consultants leverages many years of experience and extensive contacts throughout the industry to provide a wide range of services. These include Asia location development, joint venture development, technical & business due-diligence assessments, and buy-side investment research services tailored to our client’s specific needs. :
Our mission is to provide efficient, accurate, and timely information and advisories in the data storage industry. :
Davis Consultants Asia publishes the Data Storage News Summary® , a news aggregation service, which is distributed by email on a complimentary basis twice per week. :
Brian Dexheimer: Thank you, Bill. As Bill clearly discussed the March quarter outcome was not what we had anticipated. While Enterprise Mobile Compute and CE markets displayed expected demand patterns, this is not the case in the 3.5-inch ATA space.  Post Chinese New Year and through March, the market typically displays an accelerated demand pattern. This pattern did not emerge this year, making March a weaker month than our plans predicted, which resulted in a total available market that we believe was over 4 million units less than the December quarter. I will offer more detail on this as I discuss individual markets.  We believe the overall total available market or TAM was 112 million units, down 5% from the December quarter, although this still represents a 10% year-over-year increase. In the quarter, Seagate retained its overall industry leadership as well as number one positions in Enterprise, Desktop, and CE shipments, and increased share in Mobile Compute and Consumer Electronics.  Heading into the June quarter, we expect normal seasonality to bring the overall TAM down to between 106 million and 110 million units, representing a year-over-year growth in the 6% to 10% range.  Now, I'll give some detail on the individual markets. In the Desktop Compute market, we maintained our leadership position by shipping 24 million units. The earlier discussed TAM decrease was mostly attributed to PC weakness in the U.S. consumer PC market and lighter than expected demand from the Asia-Pacific region.  Product mix continued to improve as the average capacity of Seagate shipments rose 10% sequentially and remains above the competition. The TAM in the distribution channel was down 7% sequentially, off primarily in North America and China. Downstream channel demand in March was likely affected to some degree by major microprocessor manufacturers announcing significant price moves in March to take effect in early to late April.  Seagate exited the quarter with target inventory levels at less than five weeks of inventory in the channel. Also, primarily in the desktop space in-quarter pricing pressure on high capacity ATA drives was more pronounced than planned, specifically for those products, 400 gigabytes and greater. While demand for this class of products increased sequentially as predicted, and Seagate maintained its share in this class of product.  Off-list pricing and commercial distribution and retail channels were substantially more aggressive than we predicted.  We expect the TAM in Desktop Compute to be seasonally down in the June quarter. In the Consumer Electronics market, Seagate expanded its leadership position during the quarter, shipping 6.7 million units. Gaming was again a bright spot during the March quarter, leading to a sequential share increase in the CE market.  We did experienced some in-quarter softness in the DVR portion of this market and believe this is a portion of the overall 3.5-inch ATA sequential TAM decline. This softness was particularly true in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific regions as certain customers rebalance inventory and some platform introductions were pushed out.  In addition, the release of our much anticipated 1.8-inch 60 gigabyte per platter drive into the handheld portion of this market remains on plan. Qualifications of this drive are well underway and we expect meaningful volume in the current quarter. We believe the overall TAM for the CE market in the June quarter is likely to be lower than the March quarter due to seasonal demand factors.  The Enterprise market performed as expected as we believe the industry shipped just over 7 million units. Seagate maintained its clear leadership in this market shipping 4.1 million units, an increase of 18% year-over-year. Seagate saw strong adoption of small form factor drives during the quarter, as shipments reached 1.3 million units, up 60%, sequentially.  Looking forward, we expect the enterprise TAM in the June quarter to be essentially flat to that of the March quarter.  In the Mobile Compute market, we believe the TAM was essentially flat to the December quarter as expected. Seagate shipped 4.7 million units, an increase of 25% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. We attribute these gains to greater market access through additional qualifications of our market leading products.  Average capacity per drive in the space increased to 97 gigabytes. We expected TAM in the June quarter to be seasonal and lower than the March quarter.  Finally, in our brand solutions business, revenue was flat sequentially. As noted, pricing for higher capacity solutions was more aggressive than expected. Also results in the space were hampered by later than expected launch of our new FreeAgent solutions, and product transition issues on legacy products earlier in the quarter.  We expect improved execution and adoption in the June quarter as our new FreeAgent solutions are more broadly available in the market. We remain very enthusiastic regarding the growth prospects in this space.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our operations. 
Dave Wickersham: Thanks, Brian. Seagate's performance in development and operations during the March quarter were solid. In particular, we are very pleased with the successful ramp of our perpendicular products and processes. Overall, perpendicular component and product yields not only met our plan, but are already better than legacy longitudinal products. We are very pleased with the continued progress and customer qualifications, and the volume ramp of our new products.  Now, I would like to discuss three topics in more detail. Total inventory increased by $61 million with finished goods and work-in-process coming down slightly from last quarter, and raw materials increasing by $65 million.  Inventory turnover for the March quarter was 10.7, short of the 12-turn goal for this quarter. The lower than expected demand for 3.5-inch ATA drives at the end of the quarter prevented anticipated reductions in finished goods inventory and was the primary reason that turns came in under our projection.  Regarding expectations for the June quarter, while we continue to focus on optimizing our supply chain, the impact of precious metal use associated with the volume ramp of perpendicular products will further impact our turnover. Consequently, turns are expected to be approximately 10 in the June quarter.  The continued successful introduction of perpendicular recording products across all the market segments we serve is critical for our results going forward. Customer qualifications of perpendicular based products continue to progress as expected.  In the March quarter, we shipped over 17 million drives that utilize perpendicular recording, up from the 10 million shipped in the December quarter. We expect that during our fiscal fourth quarter, greater than 50% of our drive shipments will utilize perpendicular recording.  In regards to the capital investments, we are proceeding with our planned media and substrate capacity expansions in Asia. Our goal is to continue to align capacity additions with customer demand.  Based on the current demand environment, we will reduce our fiscal 2007 capital investment by $100 million to approximately $1.05 billion.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Charles. 
Charles Pope: Thank you, Dave. You will find the company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate's website at www.seagate.com.  Seagate reported March quarter revenue of $2.8 billion and unit shipments of 39.5 million. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share are $212 million and $0.37 respectively. Included in the GAAP results are approximately $62 million of acquisition-related charges and associated tax effects. Without these charges and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $274 million and $0.47.  There were many factors that caused our non-GAAP earnings to be less than expected for the March quarter. Let me take you through these.  A couple of market-driven factors impacted us late in the quarter. Due to lower demand for 3.5-inch ATA drives, revenue was impacted $90 million and profitability by $25 million. Price declines for high-capacity 3.5-inch ATA drives impacted revenue and profitability by approximately $70 million.  Also, as Brian mentioned, the launch of the new FreeAgent line of products in retail was later than planned and profitability was impacted by approximately $30 million, as there was less margin contribution from these more cost-effective products than previously expected.  Offsetting these negative factors was a favorable impact due to the elimination of the company's fiscal 2007 Variable Compensation Plan, as the current outlook for our fiscal year does not achieve the required profitability targets.  The positive financial impact of this is reflected in our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the March quarter and was approximately $64 million. Half of the benefit came from reversing the accrual on the books and the other half from avoiding an additional $32 million we would have incurred if we had been on track to achieve our profitability target.  GAAP gross margin for the March quarter was 21.3%, excluding approximately $40 million of acquisition-related costs. Non-GAAP gross margin was 22.7%. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in the March quarter were impacted by the factors just discussed.  The positive impact of eliminating the variable compensation plan was approximately $16 million for the amount accrued through the first six months of the fiscal year. And another $16 million that would have been accrued in the March quarter if we had achieved our profitability target. Without this favorable impact, GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins for the March quarter would have been 110 basis points lower.  Slide six has the adjustments made to GAAP gross margin. Those are on our website.  GAAP operating expenses were $356 million. Excluding acquisition-related costs, non-GAAP operating expenses were $335 million. The offsetting positive financial impact of eliminating the variable compensation plan was approximately $16 million for the amount accrued for the first six months of the fiscal year. And another $16 million that would have been accrued in March quarter if we had achieved our profitability target.  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.2 billion. During the first three quarters of fiscal 2007, Seagate made capital investments totaling $688 million, of which $222 million occurred in the March quarter.  Cash flow from operations was $269 million for the March quarter. Days sales outstanding was 44, up from the December quarter, but reflective of the shipment profile of the March quarter. Days payable outstanding was 57, also up from the last quarter, but within the normal range.  During the March quarter, the company took delivery of approximately 22.6 million shares related to its share repurchase plan. The average price of the shares that were delivered to the company in the March quarter was $26.26. The company has authorization to purchase approximately $1.175 billion of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program.  Now relative to our business outlook. The 3.5-inch ATA market dynamics that were in play during the month of March has at least for the near-term reset the base line operating results of the company. Exit pricing in the high-capacity 3.5-inch ATA in the notebook markets was noticeably lower than our plan, and this has a significant impact on the June quarter.  For the June quarter, we are expecting the industry to experience a normal seasonal decline in unit demand of approximately 2% to 6% as compared to March. Price declines in aggregate on a percentage basis are expected to moderate slightly. However, keep in mind that we entered the June quarter with a lower starting point for prices.  Efforts are underway across all functions within Seagate to accelerate cost reductions and process efficiencies. The management team remains committed to delivering differentially superior financial results over the long-term.  For the June quarter, revenue is expected to be between $2.65 billion and $2.75 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.29 to $0.33, and includes approximately $28 million of expected acquisition-related costs. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, excluding the acquisition related costs, is expected to be $0.34 to $0.38.  GAAP operating expenses are expected to be $370 million for the June quarter. Operating expenses on a non-GAAP basis, excluding approximately $20 million of acquisition-related costs are expected to be approximately $350 million.  The expected GAAP and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the June quarter reflects: Other income and expense modeled to be a net expense of approximately $17 million, a tax rate of approximately 7.5%, and a diluted share count expected to be 570 million shares.  For the fiscal year 2007, the company's outlook for revenue is $11.3 billion to $11.4 billion, and GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.92 to $0.96. And it includes approximately $247 million of costs directly related to the recent acquisitions and $19 million of charges related to the early redemption of the 8% notes.  Accordingly, on a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share, excluding the above charges, are expected to be $1.37 to $1.41.  That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Bill. 
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Charles. Technology leadership, cost leadership and product leadership across a broad customer base are Seagate's great strength. They are the fundamentals of a model designed to deliver strong long-term financial performance in spite of the occasional short-term fluctuations of the market.  I would like to acknowledge and thank Seagate employees who continue to establish for themselves and for our company the highest standards of performance. And with that we are ready to open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Paul Mansky with Citigroup. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Yeah, great thank you. You cited desktop a couple of times in the script as a source of that shortfall, when in fact it's down 7%, but that's actually in line with your three-year average. At the same time, CE was down 5% well off the trend line. Am I missing something here? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah, I think so. This is Brian. Let me try and handle that. When we looked at historical TAMs, we see an expectation of December to March quarter rolling off at about 3% to 4%. In fact, what we saw in the quarter we just finished, it was 6% to 7%. So, it was essentially more than what the average was. In fact, it's the highest December to March roll off we have seen in the last three years. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: And what is your average capacity, and you mentioned it on notebook, what's your average capacity on desktop currently? 
Brian Dexheimer: It is right around 180 gigabytes, pure desktop. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Alright. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. I want to focus in on the gross margin a second. Charles, certainly it sounds like if most of the shortfall is on the desktop. It sounds like Enterprise margins and CE margins were generally in line with expectations and perhaps notebooks maybe a little bit below. Is that a correct read on what you guys are saying here? 
Charles Pope: Well, the high-capacity 3.5-inch ATA crosses both desktop and what we call business critical spaces and even includes some CE. And so, the biggest single impact was high-capacity 3.5-inch ATA across those multiple markets. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then as we think about the longer term margin targets that you guys had previously set out to the 24 to 26. Help me understand a little bit here if, why the PMR is not seeing more of a beneficial impact, particularly in the high-capacity space where arguably you guys have lower component costs.  So, I guess, one of the things I am trying to rationalize is, you guys are ahead of the game on this PMR transition, but it doesn't seem to be translating into better margins on the high cap. 
Charles Pope: Well, at the risk of sounding a little defensive, if you look at the differential margins that the company has in the industry, I would say that the fact that we were the first to TGMR and the first to perpendicular has in fact represented differential gross margins for Seagate compared to the industry.  As we said and look forward when you have a reset like this where there is just a precipitous fall in pricing in a given capacity point, it takes a while to work through that. And usually it requires a product generation to completely recover from that. So, we have a lot of work ahead of us to try to figure out what we need to do to get back to where we would want to be on our gross margins. 
Bill Watkins: Hey, Harry this is Watkins. I mean again we do think we have a differentiated margin and obviously we were profitable. So, we do have competitors who are not focused on profitability right now and are willing to take. Basically they'll sell high-cap drives at whatever price they have to sell it out and take the hit. And we just got that to the environment where we think it's going to be somewhat short-term, because it only lasts for so long. But, we have to deal with that. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then two last quick ones. Charles, I think you said that you expect share count to be flat at 570 in June. Does that imply no share buyback? And then lastly back on the gross margin question again. How much of an impact did selling through the remaining Maxtor inventory have? Thanks. 
Charles Pope: On share count, we've consistently excluded any impact that might arise from share repurchase. If you look at our forecast for last quarter it was consistent with that. We will need to go through and evaluate what our cash availability in it is, and how we want to proceed with share repurchase.  If you sit and look, there was probably a nominal impact on selling through some of the Maxtor legacy product to gross margins, but in reality we certainly look at all of the products at this point in time and view that as our normalized margin. 
Bill Watkins: Harry, this is Watkins. If I have to really characterize that, we came into March thinking that would be a much bigger month than it was. And what happened is as we all looked that demand started sailing, we also started to move the higher-capacity drive, which started a lot of pricing in those high-capacity drive. And as we got towards the end of March, we came down with a decision, "Look, we have got to get back to many markets. We have got to calm this thing down." And there was a choice. We could probably go stop the channel. We could have got a lot more aggressive and things like that or pull back, keep the channel right and look at this as a longer term deal and that's the decision we made. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. I would like to follow up on that last comment from Bill, if I could. When you say, you are looking longer term, it seems like you guys are kind of battling down the hatches in terms of maybe the pricing conditions that we are starting to see right now as far as showing signs of slippage or have some [underlying] force if that could extend beyond the near term. Am I misreading that? 
Bill Watkins: Well, I think, we have got to be cautionary in an environment that we are at. I think one of the things that -- obviously, I think the inventories are in good position. I have been in this place, where we end up with eight, nine weeks in inventory as people try to make a short-term quarter. We did not do that. We pulled back. I think that having a good channel inventory is important as we go through this. We think that will minimize the impact. Again, I do believe from my competitors who are losing hundreds of million dollars, will not do that for another four quarters. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Well, they have been doing this for the past few years. I mean, when does this stop? 
Bill Watkins: I don’t now. We have to plan right now to be smart or where we want to be. 
Charles Pope: And Mark, just a reminder, in the September quarter, we indicated to everyone that Seagate's pricing philosophy was going to be to meet market, right. And so, as we ended the March quarter, we were faced with a decision of how are we going to meet market on these prices or feed share. And we chose to meet markets to demonstrate our confidence in our cost structure, the cost structure of our products and the product breadth that we have. And so, I think that's an appropriate position to take. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then if I could, I guess with the exception of the December quarter, Seagate have had some difficulty reading the market dynamics back to June and September. And now here again, the expectations have not been met for various reasons. Can you give us some insights in terms of what you are doing either Brian or Bill in terms of devoting resources, so you have a better accurate read either with the OEMs, the distribution channel or now the increasing opportunity in the branded side of things? 
Bill Watkins: Well Mark, we've done a really crappy job. We've done a terrible job on that. The easy compound is that we keep underestimating the ability of people to lose money in this business. We pay them some of the pricing that some people do. With that said though, we think this is a big issue to us and Brian has done a lot of work in that. So, let Brian -- will answer that. 
Brian Dexheimer: Well Mark, this is Brian. I think if you look at what we laid out in specific, if you are talking about the year guidance that we gave back in July timeframe. The two biggest factors that we didn't anticipate correct was one Bill mentioned, which is the competitive behavior, which took a big chunk of both top line and bottom line out of that plan. But frankly, other one and the related was our ability to maintain share or gain share in some cases in this kind of a competitive environment.  So, I think those are the two things that we are looking at with a much more constructive view in terms of what the reality at this current industry structure is going to allow. And probably not get ourselves in a position where we commit ourselves to taking what we think are fundamental technology and cost advantages to market, and having them accrue in terms of share gain.  I just think at this point, our competitors have already demonstrated their behavior that says, without technology and cost leadership they are more than willing to compete head to head. And like Bill said, we don't think that can remain forever. But we're certainly going to plan accordingly going forward until we see the change. 
Bill Watkins: Mark, the easy answer for us to say, look, we are not going to give you guidance. We are not going to do yearly guidance. We are not going to do it quarterly. And we don't want to do that. We want to be transparent and open and this is what we think. That said, we are always going to have to take into regard our competitors have a big vote in this. And much bigger vote than we thought they would do. And we are just going to have to take that into our guidance.  But again, we want to be open and transparent, and we will set what we think we can do. And to the point that we get more conservative based on competitors who are putting much more credibility and the competitor is losing money. We will just have to do that. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I appreciate it. If I can just tweak in one more question here. I guess it's kind of early in the game still, but some of your major systems customers out of this morning and late this afternoon commented that at least in the US you are starting to see some choppiness from a demand perspective. I want to get a sense in terms of the enterprise, based on Brian or Bill, in terms of the folks you are talking down the field. Is there risk in your enterprise business which has really held up in terms of the share position relative to the competition? Could that see some slippage later this summer and what could be the effect on margins if so? 
Bill Watkins: Yeah. Mark, I worry less about margin pressure there in that space. The space is going through a tremendous demand transition in terms of interface and products. And we have talked in some length about that in the past. So, there is a lot of change present today, which we think benefits us. There is a narrow competitive set today that certainly can change in the future. We don't view that’s going to change in calendar '07. But the thing I do worry about more there is the thing that you have -- opened the comment with is, there's choppiness in overall demand.  If our customers were saying that and we certainly can reinforce some of the comments that you've made. That's probably the single biggest risk we have in the enterprise space going forward. It is how big is that market going to be? We think, however, big the market is going to be, our ability is to compete within that and protect the current that we have is good. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line David Bailey with Goldman Sachs. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Two questions please. One, given your outlook for 3.5-inch demand, do you feel your customer capacity additions are enough? And are you concerned about the amount of capacity that the industry as a whole is adding between now and the end of the year? 
Bill Watkins: Well right now, I am concerned about everything. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: But right now, I am talking about the inventory. 
Brian Dexheimer: Right. We certainly feel good about where we are at. And as Dave pointed out, we are actually taking some actions to we think more correctly balance our investments and capital to the [for view] demand. Now, relative to how everyone else is looking at that, at least the public reporting of additional capacity coming online. It is a concern. I think its one of those factors that Bill was alluding to you earlier.  We need to see a better balance in terms of how competitive behavior is playing out relative to tight financial performance. And right now, it's too early for us to tell how much demand we are going to see in the back half of the year and whether the current public reporting of capacity that's coming online is a good balance of that or not. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: And second question is that, what factors are you looking at when you are trying to decide whether you are going to continue to meet pricing or if you would actually start to see some share? 
Charles Pope: It kind of looks at how it affects our capital absorption structure and things like that. Sometimes it's better to keep the fact to at least to somewhat going forward. It’s a financial decision, Charles. 
Bill Watkins: Mark, I guess -- excuse me, David, the single biggest thing I look at and we do competitive analysis and evaluate our product cost against all of our competitor's product cost. If we feel that we have the lowest cost product, then in almost all cases we are best served by meeting market pricing and maintaining the share that we have. In some cases where you have perhaps a product that is not the lowest cost which I am not aware of any at this moment in time. You could sense they hold it, we need to back away for a second because this is hurting us as a differential -- worse than it's hurting our competitors. And so I think that probably the single biggest factor is just what is our product cost and we believe that it’s best in market. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then finally just one last question. On the gross margin side, do you have any idea where you might be able to get back into your target of 24% to 26% range? Is it even possible by the end of the calendar year? 
Charles Pope: I am not in a position to really answer that, David. When you go through a reset like this we have to go through and build up our fiscal 2008 and kind of see where we think the demand and pricing environment is going to be. And so I don’t have a good basis for addressing that. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with A.G. Edwards. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Yeah thanks guys, a couple of questions. First on looking at the variable comp change, I just want to be sure, I am clear here. So, if we factor everything in, it looks like variable comp was actually a benefit of roughly $0.10 on EPS line in the quarter. Am I off base there or is that a fair assumption? 
Charles Pope: No that’s correct. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Okay. So considering that, the next question is actually looking at your operating expense structure going forward. If you are pulling back the reins on capacity, why should we not expect to see a little bit better than say $350 million in total OpEx? Are you being conservative there? Is there an opportunity to take more expense out of the company here over the next couple of quarters? 
Charles Pope: If you look at the $350 million number, there is $16 million that came from a reversal of the accruals in the September and December quarter. As you go forward, we don’t have that same reversal of accruals, and I think that’s the biggest difference. So, this basically says that we are going through evaluating what we need to do in the company to minimize expenses and everything else. We will have a minimum, keep spending flat with what we had this quarter and then we don’t have the benefit of that reversal of accrual. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Okay. A couple of other questions. You mentioned some softness in the DVR piece of your consumer electronics business. However, if I look at that industry, I believe there is some regulatory dynamics that looking at some of the big set-top box providers are expecting, actually spur demand here over this quarter and into March and the June quarter in particular. Have you not seen that? Or was there a typical seasonal decline? Where is the disconnect there? 
Brian Dexheimer: I think it was relatively unique to some manufacturers who pushed out platforms. There are others who rebalance inventories. I think the thing that you are talking about is CableCARD becoming effective in July of this year, and some speculation in advance of that there is going to be build out in set-top boxes. We have pretty good relationships with the set-top box manufacturers.  It’s our understanding that that’s been more of a dynamic that will affect those that are not DVR enabled. They are just set-top boxes as digital set-top boxes. So we believe that’s where you are going to see the effect and of course we don’t participate in that part of the TAM. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Perfect. And then final question. You guys have reported that you have less then five weeks in your distribution channel inventory. Any sense of where the industry as a whole currently sits in terms of distribution channel for 3.5-inch? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah. With us included, it's under six. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Under six. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Curlin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Just coming back to the enterprise guidance, you mentioned the TAM is flat. And seasonally, if I just look at your numbers historically, assuming I have the right numbers, it seems like you've been up at least moderately, sequentially in enterprise over the last three or four years in the June quarter. What I am getting to is, is that normal seasonality or you adding in some extra caution or just given some of the demand comments that we've heard from some of the enterprise OEMs? 
Brian Dexheimer: Yeah. It's really tough, because if you back over five or six years it's really tough to depict the seasonal pattern, particularly for the June quarter in the Enterprise space. It's a space that typically moves with seasonality in the back half of the year. But it's less predictable in the front half of the year.  So, I think you could say yes we're trying to be cautious particularly given how the quarter finished. But, I wouldn't paint any expectations that we have any current signs of any significant upside from that flat expectation. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Let me make sure I am understanding you correctly. You are factoring in some incremental caution just to make sure you are covered on some of the weakness comments that have been out there? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, we certainly don't have any belief from our existing set of customers who we've been engaged with for a long time that there is any upside potential across the March quarter. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's clear. And then on low-cost Fibre Channel drives, there is some discussion out there. Maybe that concept is going away in favor of low-cost SAS. Can you guys just comment on, I guess, the trajectory there? Is that the case? What's driving that if you can comment? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, we've been a leader in the SAS transition and we have seen a significant portion of our Enterprise volume already moved in that direction, primarily at the expense of parallel SCSI. We have yet to see a significant transition from anyone invested in fibre infrastructure making a switch to SAS. There have been a number of transitions that have been made to date from parallel SCSI to SAS/SATA architectures and we're certainly well placed to accommodate that.  I think it's going to be a little bit more time before people decide to disengage from what has been almost a decade long investment in Fibre Channel infrastructure and commit to the SAS/SATA platform. So, if that is a threat going forward in terms of SAS replacing fibre at the low-end, it is something that's in the future and not anything that we see right now.  In terms of how to think about the threat, if you want to call it that, the margin differential between Fibre Channel drives and SAS drives for us is rather negligible at this point. Because, of course there is more costs on the Fibre Channel drive. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: I think what I am speaking to is just low cost version of those drives, right. The alternative to SATA drives in the form of FAT or whatever you would like to call it. 
Brian Dexheimer: No, I am sorry. I misunderstood your question. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Are you finding that OEMs and so forth are leading towards SAS or low cost in lieu of trying to use low-cost Fibre Channel drive at least in next gen design? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, certainly anywhere in the direct-attached space, it is already a predominant installation of SATA drives for those type of applications. So what they call it tiered storage, near-line, whatever you want to call it, backup or storage types of application. So, the only place you really haven't seen what I call high-capacity fibre drives that’s been in the network-attached base. And that frankly has been very specifically deployed through a couple of customers.  Whether or not they choose to go forward with SAS or SATA architectures going forward, I probably don't want to comment at this point but suffice it to say that some economic advantages are moving in that direction. But here again, they have to really contemplate those economic advantages of the driving [host to that] level versus the investments we already have in the Fibre Channel infrastructures of the host. So, net is, I do expect to see some movement in that direction. Again, there from an impact to Seagate, I think, frankly it's not a differential margin adjustment that we would think is material. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel: Hi. Thanks. I had a couple of questions. First, I wanted to clarify on the gross margin that you are looking forward. I know that you already said too much but am I correct in assuming about 100 basis points decline in June over March quarter? And the majority can maybe evenly split between the pricing issues that you talked about versus lower units and less lower utilization? And I had a follow up. 
Charles Pope: If you back in all the different numbers that I gave you relative to the guidance on OpEx and tax rate and everything else, it basically comes in at relatively flat gross margin to the March quarter. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel: Okay. And then the other question I had just -- follow-up on the first question of the call, actually. I am still having a little hard time following what you guys are saying here given industry groups are pretty much projecting about 110 and 111 million drives for the quarter. You guys are set to 112 million drives for the quarter.  So, 112 is higher than 111 from my math. Where is the shortfall, you guys keep pointing coming from I guess? It sounds to me, it's more like you guys must have assumed some kind of market share gains within the curve for yourselves. What am I missing here, I guess? 
Brian Dexheimer: Talking about the March quarter, Kevin? 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel: Yeah, in the March quarter. 
Brian Dexheimer: This is Brian. Let me walk you through it. So, we finished at almost 119 in December. We had predicted that we would finish it around 116 in March. As you point out, we think the finish was 111 to 112. Almost all of that difference could be explained in 3.5-inch ATA where previous question really addressed this. But we had historically seen 3% to 4% rollover in December to March quarters. What we saw at the end of the March quarter, as a result tallied up to 6% to 7%. 116 was planned on the low end of that 3% to 4% range.  So, maybe we were planning in the wrong direction, but certainly based on history, it was a reasonable plan based on all the things we talked about. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel: I guess that maybe the question, because other industries were not assuming 116. So, the question is, why were you guys so confident going into the quarter that things are going to be much better than they turned out to be, even they turned out to be normal quarter really? 
Brian Dexheimer: Right. I think, I just try to give you numbers to say, it wasn't a normal quarter. But why we were so more confident? I don't think we were. I think we were just as confident as we would have been in any of the past three years. And it didn't turn out to be that way. We were planning to gain share. We were planning to see another 4 million units in the market, 3.5-inch ATA that didn't materialize. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Rob Semple with Credit Suisse. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Thanks. You mentioned channel inventories for the industry just under six weeks. Did you see any, call it, irrational behavior, general stuffing by any of your major competitors at the end of the quarter? 
Brian Dexheimer: Though it's tough to see, particularly without a little bit of history in your benefit. But to our knowledge, it would appear that the channel inventories and I said this earlier finished under six weeks for the industry and that's pretty normal position to finish. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Obviously, you guys usually report first and a lot of your competitors probably look to your industry, kind of TAM guidance as an indication. I mean, do you worry that and maybe if they didn't stop this, are there a lot of drive inventories sitting on their books as well? And is that going to be a big problem in the second calendar quarter? 
Bill Watkins: I really don't know. It is really tough for us to judge that. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess just lastly, how was demand for corporate desktop PCs? You mentioned some of the shortfall was consumer driven. But given some of the comments from IBM or some of the other enterprise players, it feels like some of the shortfall this quarter was primarily around the enterprises in general. Did they come to market still on the PC side? 
Bill Watkins: To our knowledge they did. We have a number of relationships that service the commercial space. I would say certainly on a relative basis between consumer and commercial, commercial was the stronger of the two. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes form the line of Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Good evening. Couple of quick questions. As going back to the pricing discussion and given the conversation we've had thus far on the call, what gives you the confidence to guide to lower price decline sequentially going into June. I know the base is lower. But we are obviously surprised by the degree of pricing in March and why not assume that continues in the June? 
Brian Dexheimer: Katie this is Brian, let me take that one. It's obviously something that we are watching very closely. Let me just kind of back into where we got to. First-off we did see a pretty precipitous decline in the high capacity products as we've outlined. We don't believe that the market has the opportunity to see that kind of a price decline in that product category two quarters in a row. We could be wrong about that, but given the margin oxygen, it appears to be less than that portion of the product line, we don't think it's likely.  Secondly, from an OEM standpoint, we have booked a significant amount of the OEM volume for this quarter and that's a significant portion of the 3.5-inch environment, it's about half of it. So, it gives us some confidence that at least we understand that piece. Those are the two data points that we are working on and nothing is completely certain. It really depends a lot on how competitors act in quarter markets. As Charles pointed out earlier, we have every intention of using what we think is the best cost position in the industry to protect the share that we have. 
Bill Watkins: Katie, one additional piece of information, the price erosion that we saw in the March quarter is the worst erosion that we have seen in three and half years on a quarterly basis. While we show that being moderately down from the March quarter, we are still built into our plan, the price erosion that is equal to the next worst price erosion that we have seen in that three and half year period of time. So it's certainly not going back to a low price erosion level, but it's built into our plans. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then as it relates to demand, given the shortfall was late in the March month; do you have any insight into whether that softness continued in the April just to help us, delineate what was demand versus product cycle or processor price cut driven? 
Brian Dexheimer: I would say so far in April in the 3.5-inch ATA market, our expectations are being meet in term of industry shipments. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And then lastly, you added a comment in the press release after the forward-looking comments that suggests acquisitions, repurchases and restructuring actions aren’t included in guidance. Is it fair to read into that, that you are taking a step back and rethinking investments in a strategic direction to post the results of the March quarter? 
Charles Pope: Okay. Go ahead. 
Bill Watkins: I don't think we're looking at changing our strategic directions at all. I think what we're going to do though is to be kind of smart about where we put our investments and we are taking a hard look at cost structures throughout the company to make sure that we continue to be competitive in this environment. Charles? 
Charles Pope: But we are committed to our strategy. We still believe in it; we still believe in the long-term products in the market. We believe that long-term the volumes are there and we just need to be smart and manage through this June quarter. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Brickman with UBS. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Great. Thanks guys. This might be for Brian or maybe Charles. As far as the 1.8-inch markets goes, are you still expecting that to be one of the main reasons that you get back to your targeted gross margin range? Or you really look at that entry as more strategic rather than something that you are going to rely on for growth and/or margin expansion? 
Brian Dexheimer: Jeff, this is Brian. Luckily, it’s probably more the latter. I think we have been pretty forthright in talking about our CE margins in general being less than our Company average. So, just with that description, it doesn’t fit the first category. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Okay, and then just secondly. Obviously you saw pretty good acceleration there in the 2.5-inch Enterprise drive deployment. Was that surprising at all as far as maybe taking some actual demand away from 3.5-inch? Was there any shortfall there because of that? Or is that basically a separate thing? 
Brian Dexheimer: No, I think we were able to fulfill all of our 2.5-inch requirements, and this is something, we've been talking about for several quarters now and we are happy to see that transition is moving very rapidly. 
Jeff Brickman - UBS: Okay. Great, thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Renouard with Robert W. Baird. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Hi, thanks. Couple of questions. First is the 750 gig, which I believe you guys are going to be the only ones out with that product. Shouldn’t that help, and if not this quarter is that kind of a back half for the year? Maybe if you could just talk about the dynamics and how that might help you on high cap side? And then secondly, can you give us any kind of breakdown or details around ASP by product categories or what you saw on the ASP side by product category? Thanks. 
Brian Dexheimer: Dan, this is Brian. Let me try and tackle at least the first one and maybe give you something to think about on the second one. 750 gigabyte product we actually have been shipping since last summer. So, it’s a product that’s been on our portfolio for quite some time. It was subject to this price decline environment that we talked about earlier. I expect it was a significant proportion of that, though no one else in the marketplace has equivalent product, at least to this point that we are shipping any significant volume. The value proposition of product is directly tied to the products underneath it, namely the 400 and 500 gigabyte product. So, while it would seem that it gives us insulation from the price environment to some degree, but the fact that we don't have a direct competitor. The fact is that, we have direct competitors on the 500 gigabyte drive and to some extent that moves the 750 pricing with it. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Does that slow the adoption in the OEM side? 
Brian Dexheimer: The fact that it’s sole sourced? 
Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Both, sole sourced as well as more aggressive pricing on a 500 gig, sort of slowing the more rapid adoption of 750. 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, it certainly would if we chose to keep the pricing solid on the 750. But what we've chosen to do is move the value proposition along with the 500 gigabyte market, so that we don't retard the OEM adoption. The sole sourced position for those customers who react to this value proposition are primarily there and some very specific markets around, the business is critical or near line interior storage markets. They are more than happy to adopt this product even though there aren't other sources in the market again, as long as the value propositions present it. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Okay. 
Brian Dexheimer: On the ASP question, I guess the way to think about that, in terms to try to get to what we saw in this high capacity space. As Charles pointed out, in aggregate, our price erosion on the quarter was some of the most aggressive we have seen in recent history. Specifically, this 3.5-inch space we normally think about 3.5-inch ATA price erosion on a quarterly basis in the 4% to 7% range. We had planned for this high capacity because of the available margin there, and the price points available in that category being necessarily higher than the average. We planned for more erosion than 4% to 7%, slightly more than the high end of that range. In fact, what we see was 2x that plan. So, that was the route of some of the margin short fall that Charles outlined earlier. 
Charles Pope: Dan, to go further relative to the ASPs by product category, we have never really discussed that and feel that we shouldn't. 
Daniel Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Yes, thank you. 
Charles Pope: Okay. Justin, next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Just going back to your comments about the Free Agent rollout; can you speak more specific about what caused the delay and when do you get caught up and what that does for your cost structure and then I had a follow-up. 
Brian Dexheimer: Sure, Steven. This is Brian. We had anticipating product in full production in late January; and in fact it was into March before it was fully available. Delays were what I call normal. Delays that haven't ramped any new products in that class one product integration in ramping at the ODMs that supported some of the products. So, nothing that involves lot of rocket science, just some support and execution and unfortunately we didn't do it very well.  That's behind us. We have full availability in the channel now, the entire line-up for Free Agent. And from a cost perspective, I don't want to quantify it for you, but it's a significant improvement over the previous generation of Seagate branded products. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, and then secondly, this maybe somewhat of an unfair question. But, when you look at whatever margin target you may set, whether it gets back to 24% to 26%. Tactically, is there anything else that you would be looking at besides the typical cost reduction consolidations, looking at your supply base closer? I mean, what else could you do if you assume that the current end competitive environment stays with us for a while? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, I think, again, we would look at all of those things. But we continue to push our technology ideal of bringing in leading aerial density into and continue that. And so the next product rollout we have the opportunity to cut costs significantly per gigabyte. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And is there a way to accelerate that and lap the competition further or is that, I am looking for something else that could happen that would be more creative outside of just the typical cost cuts, I guess? 
Bill Watkins: No. Right now, I think we are just planning on working harder. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Alright, thanks. 
Bill Watkins: One more question and that’s it. 
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Rich Kugele with Needham and Company. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you, just two quick questions. First Dave, should we assume then by your comments there that the bulk of the raw material inventory increase was ruthenium and other commodity like materials as opposed to something else? 
Bill Watkins: No, it was exactly that. It was associated with unique raw materials related to perpendicular and you hit it. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. And then Bill, just taking a step back now and looking at the Maxtor acquisition and what we all thought we were going to gain in retrospect. More stable enterprise pricing seems to be one. But, is it fair to say that the aggressive pricing environment has washed away many of the other benefits that we should have seen or anything now looking back on what we all can ultimately gain? 
Bill Watkins: Well, I mean it's really easy for me to be very defensive here, and I will try not to be. But, I will be honest, I still like to deal. I think that when I look at the notebook price environment which really should have nothing to do with this. And I think about it in this quarter, if we had Maxtor and their Desktop Enterprise with all the other crap going on, I would be honest and I am glad that we are beyond ourselves. So, I still look at it in this environment, I think it was a good deal for us. I think things would be a lot worse. I would have never imagined that I will have to lose $500 million to $600 million a year, this year. But they've gone from breakeven at that. So, again, I think we are better served where we are today, we would have been trying to have one extra competitor in the business. 
Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. 
Bill Watkins: Okay. Thanks guys. With that thank you for joining the call today and trust me I look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-01-23 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bill Watkins - President & CEO   Charles Pope - EVP & CFO   Dave Wickersham - EVP & COO   Brian Dexheimer - EVP of Global Sales & Marketing 
Analysts: Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley   David Bailey - Goldman Sachs   Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch   Rob Semple - Credit Suisse   Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan   Mark Miller - Brean Murray   Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group   Joel Inman - Robert Baird   Rich Kugele - Needham and Corporate   Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank   Brian Alger - [Strata Capital Management]   Shaw Wu - American Technology 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's fiscal second quarter 2007 financial results conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded.  This conference call contains forward-looking, including but not limited to, statements related to the Company's future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11th 2006, and the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7th 2006, and in the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23rd 2007. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any subsequent date, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Matthew. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Wickersham, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer.  To begin, I'd like to make a few comments on our second quarter performance and then provide a brief outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2007. I will then hand it over to Brian, Dave and Charles to discuss details of our market, operating and financial performance.  I am very pleased to announce that Seagate has achieved a significant new milestone, delivering the industry's first $3 billion quarter, a 30% increase from our year-ago quarter.  These strong results were driven by a number of positive factors: the continued, explosive growth in digital content and the resulting increase in demand for storage; Seagate's ability to deliver a broadening suite of products to a growing set of customers; a better-than-expected pricing environment for desktop products during the period; and the successful transition of Maxtor customers to the more cost-effective Seagate products.  With the Maxtor integration completed and exciting new products hitting the market, we believe that Seagate will continue to increase profitability even as we enter the traditionally slower second half of the fiscal year.  Overall, the industry has completed its fourth consecutive year of annual unit growth in excess of 15%, and Seagate far exceeded that performance. Seagate continues to hold the leadership position in three of the four major markets by remaining committed to constantly improving our technology, investing in our operational infrastructure, and delivering on our financial objectives.  I'd like to give you just a few market highlights. In the mobile computing market, we delivered strong year-over-year growth, with a number of important perpendicular qualifications and an increase in average capacity.  In the consumer electronics, we shipped a record number of units and began qualifications of our new 1.8-inch perpendicular drive. Gaming was particularly strong, and DVRs continue to remain the highest-volume sector of the CE market.  In the enterprise space, we maintained our leading market share position, and have stabilized our position in this market following the Maxtor product transition. Our 2.5-inch small form factor products are gaining significant traction in this market. Specifically, qualifications of the 2.5-inch, 15,000 RPM product, the fastest drive on the market, will help generate future volume.  In the desktop market, we delivered an improvement in product mix, as a number of our drives shipped over 200 gigabytes grew substantially year over year. Entering our third fiscal quarter, we are in a healthy channel inventory position with respect to both Maxtor and Seagate products.  Our branded solutions revenue exhibited strong sequential growth this quarter for both brands. And based on preorders, acceptance of our new product line and our dual-brand positioning has been outstanding. Following the close of the Maxtor acquisition, we have completed the related product transition, and we are now clearly benefiting from the expected manufacturing efficiencies.  For the next six months, our focus will be on launching and ramping new products with lower cost structures across various markets, and we are tracking to plan. We completed the Maxtor integration in just seven months, well ahead of our original schedule. With the transition completed in mid November -- December, we expect this to favorably impact our gross margins and operating results beginning in the March 2007 quarter.  As we enter the traditionally slower half of the fiscal year, we are confident that the Company is on path to continued success and growing profitability for the third and fourth quarters. As we have previously indicated, there are three key factors that will be instrumental in driving profitability in the next two quarters.  The first is the completed Maxtor product transition and the continued improvement in manufacturing utilization rates. The second is the successful customer qualifications and ramp of new products with lower cost structures across the various markets. This effort is tracking to plan and will continue throughout the next six months.  And third, the expansion of market coverage with the new 1.8-inch product, which is currently in qualification at major OEMs. We are pleased with the progress we have made with the 1.8-inch drive, and look forward to providing updates as this product is introduced into the handheld consumer applications.  In summary, Seagate continues to be the industry technology, product and cost leader, with access to virtually every available market in the $30 billion disc drive industry. We remain committed to meeting our financial and operational objectives and providing value for our shareholders, evidenced by our strong performance this quarter.  We are pleased with our recent results and are extremely excited about the opportunities we see in the market, as we are confident the Company is well positioned to capitalize on these prospects.  I now would like to turn it over to Brian for more details on the market highlights of the quarter. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Brian Dexheimer: Thanks, Bill. Looking back at calendar year 2006, we saw continuing indicators that support the broad global expansion of the creation, aggregation, distribution and consumption of digital content. In 2006, the industry shipped over 430 million units, an increase of more than 15% over calendar year 2005.  Industry revenues surpassed $30 billion for the year and in December reached the first $8 billion quarter in industry history. More specific to the December quarter, the overall industry experienced healthy year-on-year growth of 16% and 6%, sequentially. Seagate performed extremely well in the December quarter, maintaining its leadership in three of the four major markets for storage.  Seagate's growth during the quarter was primarily fueled by the consumer electronics market and seasonal demand increases for desktop and branded businesses. As we look forward into the March quarter, we expect industry unit demand overall to be 116 million to 120 million units, or about 14% to 18% year-on-year growth.  Now, I'll give some detail on the individual markets. In the mobile computing space, we believe, overall market demand grew 32% year on year to 30 million units. Seagate again outpaced the industry's growth, shipping 4.4 million drives, an increase of 52% year on year. During the quarter, unit shipments of our perpendicular notebook drive tripled to over 1.6 million units, and the drive has now been qualified at a total of 21 OEMs.  The average capacity of our products shipped into mobile computing environments increased to 90 gigabytes, an increase of 36% year on year and 13%, sequentially. Looking forward, we expect overall notebook demand for the March quarter to be flat with the December quarter.  In the consumer electronics market, Seagate maintained its leadership position during the quarter, shipping a record 7 million units. In the DVR portion of this market, the average capacity per drive increased during the quarter to just under 200 gigabytes.  Gaming remained one of the primary applications in this market, and we successfully met the strong seasonal demand throughout the December quarter. Average capacity per unit also improved considerably, as new consoles entered the market, emphasizing rich media content experiences.  In handheld applications, our new 5-millimeter-high, 1.8-inch, single-disc, 60-gigabyte drive began qualifications with providers of portable media players and other consumer electronics applications. We expect to realize revenue from this product in the current quarter. We expect demand in the CE market to be flat to slightly down in the March quarter, as seasonality in certain applications produces less demand.  Moving to the enterprise space, Seagate maintained its leadership position, shipping 4.1 million units. As you recall, in September, we stated we were intent on maintaining our share position in this space. With all Maxtor customer transitions completed during the quarter, we believe, we were successful in this regard and have stabilized our share position, going forward.  The adoption of Seagate's 2.5-inch small form factor drives for enterprise-class applications accelerated rapidly during the quarter. Seagate's shipments of 2.5-inch enterprise drives grew 150% sequentially to 800,000 units. More and more, we're seeing enterprise customers look for solutions that can lower power consumption, reduce heat, and address space constraints without sacrificing enterprise-class performance.  As a result, we expect the industry to continue rapid adoption of small form factor drives over the next three to six months. We believe that Seagate is best positioned to serve this market with both our 10k and recently announced 15k small form factor drives. We expect overall enterprise demand in the March quarter to be flat to that of the December quarter.  In the desktop compute market, we maintained our leadership position by shipping 25.7 million units. Consistent with our ramp of perpendicular technology, our product mix continued to improve, as shipments of products 250 gigabytes and greater more than doubled year over year, representing 34% of units shipped during the quarter. The average capacity of desktop products reached 185 gigabytes.  In the global distribution channel, demand remains strong for both Seagate and Maxtor brands, and we exited the quarter with less than five weeks of channel inventory. In addition, during the quarter, we were successful in maintaining levels of sales in and sales out revenue in global distribution channels, subsequent to our decision to terminate our relationship with eSys. For the March quarter, we expect to see seasonal demand that is slightly down in the desktop space.  Finally, Seagate's branded solutions had a strong seasonal quarter and revenue was up sequentially. Earlier this month at CES, we unveiled our dual-brand positioning in the retail channel and a new lineup of Seagate-branded retail products. Both were met with overwhelming acceptance, and we are very excited about the prospects in the retail space. Seagate's new line of Free Agent products will begin shipping in February.  In summary, we are very encouraged by the opportunities presented by the industry throughout the remainder of 2007 and Seagate's unique position to capture revenue share across all markets.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our acquisition and operations. 
Dave Wickersham: Thank you, Brian. The Maxtor integration and product transition to Seagate products was completed in mid-December. Completing this transition is a key factor in our expected improvement in gross margins and operating model beginning in the March 2000 quarter.  As Bill mentioned, we completed this transition in only seven months, well ahead of our original schedule. Beyond a few IT system conversions scheduled to be finished in the coming weeks, the integration of Maxtor is complete.  Regarding finished goods of Maxtor legacy products, as anticipated, there were approximately 200,000 units in inventory at the end of December, which we expect to be consumed this calendar quarter.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank and acknowledge our employees for their continued focus and dedication in achieving the integration of Maxtor ahead of schedule, while at the same time remaining focused on the successful ramp and customer qualifications of Seagate new products.  There has been some speculation recently about the ramp of perpendicular recording based products. So let me provide Seagate's perspective. First, Seagate's yields for perpendicular based products are as good as or better than planned. Second, the yields of our perpendicular products are better when compared against the prior generation products at the same point in their product lifecycles.  Third, customer qualifications of perpendicular based products continue to progress as anticipated, and we see no quality, reliability or perpendicular related issues that will prevent us from achieving our perpendicular shipment plans. In the December quarter we shipped approximately 10 million drives that utilize perpendicular recording, up from the 3.7 million that shipped in the September quarter. We will achieve our internal plan of exiting our fiscal fourth quarter with greater than 50% of all drives shipped in the quarter utilizing perpendicular recording.  Finally, in regards to the supply and cost of precious metals used in the manufacturing process of perpendicular media, Seagate has adequate supply plans in place to support our expected perpendicular product ramp requirements.  While there has been a run-up in the cost of some of these precious metals recently, we're taking actions to mitigate the financial impact going forward, some of which include alternative designs, improvements in material utilization and optimizing our supply chain.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Charles. 
Charles Pope: Thanks, Dave. You will find the Company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate's website at seagate.com. Throughout my remarks I will be referring to specific sections of the supplemental financial information by slide number.  Seagate reported December quarter revenue of $3 billion and unit shipments of 41 million. Included are revenue and unit shipments from legacy Maxtor products of approximately $200 million and 2.5 million units respectively. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share are $140 million and $0.23 respectively.  Included in the GAAP results are approximately $76 million of acquisition-related charges and associated tax effects, as well as a $19 million charge in other income and expense related to the early retirement of our 8% debentures. Without these charges and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $236 million and $0.39.  Non-GAAP gross margin for the combined company in the December quarter was 19.9%. Slide 6 has the adjustments made to GAAP gross margin. Gross margin percent for legacy Maxtor products was approximately negative 13.7%. Gross margin percent for Seagate products was approximately 22.3%.  In aggregate, price declines were favorable when compared to our plan, due primarily to a more benign pricing environment in the desktop market for much of the quarter. The notebook market continues to be very competitive, and the price declines were slightly more than we had anticipated coming into the December quarter.  For the desktop and notebook markets, the rate of price declines for the March quarter is expected to follow normal seasonal patterns and be marginally more aggressive as compared to the December quarter. However, prices for products in the consumer electronics and enterprise markets are expected to decline at a rate similar to that of the December quarter.  GAAP operating expenses, composed of R&D, SG&A and amortization of intangibles, for the December quarter were $379 million. Excluding acquisition-related costs of $29 million, non-GAAP operating expenses were $350 million. This compares to a non-GAAP equivalent of $388 million in the September quarter, which includes a $40 million charge for the -- to the bad debt reserve related to Seagate's termination of eSys as a customer.  Operating expenses for fiscal 2007, including Maxtor acquisition-related costs and the $40 million bad debt charge, but excluding acquisition integration costs, are expected to be approximately $1.475 billion. Slide 7 has the detail for the adjustments made to GAAP operating expenses for the December quarter. GAAP net other income and expense for the December quarter was $21 million of expense, and includes a $19 million charge related to the early retirement of the 8% debentures.  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.56 billion. During the first two quarters of fiscal 2007, Seagate made capital investments totaling $466 million of which $239 million was invested in the December quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2007 to be approximately $1.15 billion. Cash flow from operations was $482 million for the December quarter.  During the December quarter, the Company repurchased approximately 23 million shares. However, the shares were received late in the quarter, and therefore, had minimal impact to the average shares outstanding calculated for the December quarter. So far in the month of January, an additional 13 million shares have been repurchased.  Accordingly, the diluted outstanding share count for fiscal Q3 is modeled at approximately 570 million shares. Since May of 2006, Seagate has repurchased approximately 60 million shares. The Company has authorization to purchase approximately $1.4 billion of additional shares under the current stock repurchase program.  Now, for the business outlook. For fiscal year 2007, the Company's outlook for revenue is $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion, and for non-GAAP diluted earnings per share the outlook is $1.70 to $1.75. Some of the underlying assumptions in the fiscal year financial outlook that have changed since our last conference call are as follows.  First, because of the change to our capital structure and the ongoing stock repurchase program, other income and expense is now expected to be a net expense of approximately $20 million. Second, the $40 million charge we incorporated into our fiscal Q1 results for bad debt is included in both the GAAP and the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share estimates. And third, the expected impact of the higher cost for precious metals used in the perpendicular recording process has been factored into our outlook.  Fiscal 2007 GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $1.27 to $1.32, which includes approximately $234 million directly related to the Maxtor acquisition, $19 million of charges related to the early redemption of the 8% notes, and a favorable adjustment to restructuring reserves of $3 million. For the March quarter revenue is expected to be between $2.9 billion and $3 billion.  Other income and expense is modeled to be a net expense of approximately $10 million. The tax rate is modeled to be approximately 5%. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the March quarter is expected to be $0.56 to $0.60. Including acquisition-related costs for Maxtor of approximately $40 million, GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.49 to $0.53.  It is important to note that purchase accounting related to charges will be incurred beginning with the March quarter financial results related to the pending EVault acquisition. The purchase accounting allocation for goodwill and intangible assets is not complete, and therefore, amortization and other acquisition-related costs associated with EVault are not included in our GAAP or non-GAAP estimates for the March quarter or fiscal year 2007.  That concludes my remarks, and I will now turn the call back over to Bill. 
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Charles. The December quarter was a tremendous milestone for Seagate in the industry. I'm proud of our employees' continued commitment to excellence in everything we do and congratulate them on an outstanding quarter. Looking ahead to calendar year 2007, I'm very excited about our product, market and operational leadership, and the opportunity in front of us.  So with that we'll open it up for questions, and we can share the Kool-Aid with you guys. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. 
Bill Watkins: Let me make a comment, Matthew, right now. We are going to -- due to the fact we have so many people who want to ask questions, we're going to kind of limit it to one question and one follow-up per person. 
Operator: Okay. With that said, I'll take our first question from Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. You guys made some fairly meaningful progress on the finished good inventory sequentially in the quarter. But I also note that on a percentage growth basis, it's still up year-over-year more than revenue.  Obviously, with you guys growing retail, you'll have to carry a little bit more. But I'd love to get a sense from you, Charles, where you think finished good inventory ought to be on kind of a normalized basis. 
Charles Pope: Harry, why don't I have Dave answer that question, but I think he'll answer it on a total turns basis, and kind of help you understand some of the things that are going into the model we have for inventory turns. 
Bill Watkins: Yes. Before he does that, one of the things that we have to be careful today, with a lot of product transitions going forward, and as many different market segments we're trying to do product transitions. As we go through these qualifications, we've got to keep enough of the old inventory as we make this transition so we don't jeopardize our customers and their delivery systems, if you have delivered commitments.  So we are going to probably carry more finished goods of products going forward, just because of the massive amount of different market segments and product transitions we're trying to do, and keeping our customers whole as we go through these calls. So with that, Dave, do you want to answer? 
Dave Wickersham: Just from an outlook perspective, as well as achievement, as you may note, we did achieve approximately 12 turns, as we anticipated in the December quarter. And we see that we'll probably continue to be in that range going forward.  And as it relates to finished goods, you know, our focus, as we've talked about in the December quarter, was ready to do a couple things. First is to focus on the depletion of the Maxtor finished goods and transition to Seagate going forward. And as discussed, with the approximate $200,000 in finished goods, we think we were successful are there.  Having said that, though, while there's progress, we still think there's opportunities. Yes, we have more configurations, more complexity, more customers. All that is goodness -- does present some challenges on finished goods inventory. But I still believe we've got some opportunity.  So the teams are continuing to work together to try to balance the equation better between supply and demand. At the same time, meet our customer requirements and stay within the balance of 12 turns, and likewise continue to optimize our freight costs at the same time. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: And then the follow-up relates to Brian. On the outlook side of the equation, you were fairly clear, I think, on most segments. But on the desktop segment specifically, was hoping you could provide a little bit of color and any data points you might have on retail desktop inventory of PCs. You talked about your own channel inventories. 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, I don't want to get too far ahead of us, Harry, on talking about what we think customers are -- do or don't have downstream in channels. So far we have not been able to determine that it's wildly out of balance with anything else that we've seen in the last couple of years.  And our outlook includes from an industry perspective about a 3% to 4% unit decline sequentially. So I think that's the best way to characterize it for you right now. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Thanks. Just quickly going through some of your comments on gross margins, perpendicular, clearly tracking on plan or even a little better; pricing similar, a little bit better this quarter.  And then you have increasing average capacities in the various segments. Are there any headwinds on gross margins as we think about the next couple of quarters that we didn't discuss on this call? 
Bill Watkins: Well, I think pricing is still an issue. I mean, I think desktop pricing in the channel was maybe -- probably the only place where we thought it was pretty benign. I think notebook, for example, which is probably one of the highest growth, is actually quite aggressive right now.  So I think what concerns us is our own ability to execute. We've got to stay focused on our ability to execute. And if we do that, we feel pretty good. I think what we can't control sometimes is what our competitors do from pricing. And that's probably the one thing we probably worry about, though. Brian, do you have anything to add? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, Katy, just to address your question a little broader than perhaps Bill did, the items that are going to get us to a step up of roughly 200 basis points in gross margin in the March quarter. And even a little better in the June quarter the way that we've modeled it, is we do have new products with lower capacity -- with lower cost structures coming in, higher volumes of those.  And you know, we do have an increasing mix of products in terms of the capacity and performance. Those are the things that will help lift the margin. The things that you called headwinds are really, as Bill described, a pricing environment that's still a very competitive environment.  And then, as we have talked about, the increase in some of the costs, like ruthenium, that go into perpendicular recording -- those are the headwinds. All of those are factored into the guidance that we have given the world as we see it today. But that's really the kind of core variables that offset each other. 
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: So just to be clear, what's the right timeframe to get back to the 24% to 26% long-term goal on gross margins? 
Brian Dexheimer: March quarter should be at the low-end of that range, and we should be the midpoint of that range or a little better in the June quarter. 
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Bailey with Goldman Sachs. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could just follow-up on that little bit, Bill, and review the pricing outlook by product category for the March quarter? And what you've seen so far in the channel, and on the OEM side, that gives you confidence in those expectations? 
Bill Watkins: I'm not allowed to talk about pricing, so I'm going to let Brian do it. 
Brian Dexheimer: Let me just rephrase what Charles had said in the outlook. So what he said in the outlook in his comments was notebook and desktop we expected to be marginally more aggressive than they were in the December quarter, and consumer electronics and enterprise to be relatively the same.  Trying to separate that for you by channel at this point is a little bit predictive, and I don't think we want to do that. Last quarter we felt the benefit of predicting something was a little bit more aggressive in the channel. And the results showed something more positive. That could happen again this quarter. It may not.  So we just have to get through more of the quarter to be able to figure that out. What I can tell you is that as we have negotiated through the OEM portions of each of those segments so I just outlined. We haven't seen any positive or negative surprises. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: And maybe you could just help us understand a little bit why desktop pricing ended up being a little more favorable? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, I think it's the primary reason -- and it's hard to tell from a 40% perspective, because that's about how much we are of that space -- but I think the primary reason was the fact that you have a high seasonal demand period. And that typically gives us a price environment that's less aggressive, particularly in markets that operate on more short-term behavior, namely the distribution channel. 
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. A little confused on the eSys effect. After you released last quarter, you restated the numbers for about $40 million. Did that come back in Q2, or is it expected to come back in the rest of the year? 
Bill Watkins: Charles? 
Charles Pope: After we released our financial results in the September quarter, we had a subsequent event that required us to take a $40 million bad debt reserve because of terminating our relationship with eSys. That has not come back. We have not recovered any of the receivables.  We are still pursuing all of the avenues available to us to try to recover them. But there is no recovery represented in our December results. And there is no expected recovery that is provided in the guidance that we've given for the fiscal year. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then, just on the operating expenses -- so, for the quarter coming up, can you just describe how that would look again versus the last quarter? 
Charles Pope: Well, it will show some step-up in terms of the operating expenses. I don't remember the exact number. But in the December quarter, we typically close down all nonessential functions during the week between Christmas and New Year's to give people some time off, which represents a significant savings to the Company as we use up accrued vacation instead of normal payroll.  And then we have our normal step-ups in terms of some of the merit increases and those types of things. So there will be a step-up, and then there's some additional R&D cost because of the new products that are rolling out that consume protype material. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Semple with Credit Suisse. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys. On the gross margin side, when you did the deal with Maxtor about a year ago, you talked about some of the incremental drives coming on, once you got all the production on your own equipment, in kind of above that 26% range you have had on the gross margin target. Any update there in terms of where the incremental drives are coming in now? 
Charles Pope: Well, as you can sit and look at where we are forecasting, where in the December quarter Maxtor legacy products had an average gross margin of 13.7%, and we're anticipating taking the combined company from 19.9% combined gross margin in December to something like 24% to 24.5% in the March quarter.  You know Seagate's stand-alone margins in December were 22.3%. So, we're getting about 200 basis point lift in terms of Seagate standalone products with the mix and everything. But you can see all the other incremental revenue is coming up to that same level also.  So I would say that we are achieving the incremental 26% to 28% gross margin that we expected from Maxtor. And the reason we're not at the 26% is because in last June, when there was some very aggressive pricing, it just kind of lowered the whole bar a little bit. So we're moving back up into that range with new product introductions with reduced cost structures. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess just one follow-up for Brian. Brian, usually for you guys, CE is up sequentially in the March quarter. I understand your comments on the TAM. But wouldn't you expect to see an above-seasonal quarter this time around, given you've got probably better PS3 production lines, Apple iTV, DVR rollouts, etcetera? 
Brian Dexheimer: So my comments earlier were about the CE market being down sequentially for the industry. And I think what you've pointed out is Seagate's performance may in fact be a little bit counter to that, and I would agree with that. 
Rob Semple - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Thank you. This first question is for Charles and Bill. If I sit and look at your truncated guidance for the fiscal '07 as far as the EPS, can you maybe help us understand, if we take the midpoint of your third quarter EPS range, and then we back into the fourth quarter, it looks like you're actually going to have an EPS decrement sequentially.  I'm just trying to understand how that could be if you're talking about gross margin improvements, as well as the impact of a much better flow-through of a reduced share count? 
Charles Pope: The modeling that we have and I'm not sure what you did, Mark. The modeling we have, if you just segregate the numbers, it would represent $0.58 for the March quarter and $0.62 for the June quarter. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Are you not using 20 and 39 then, for September and December, the non-GAAP numbers? 
Charles Pope: There's 16 for Q1. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I must have had a glitch then in my model. But either way, I'm trying to get a sense as far as how you can only get, I guess, maybe call $0.04 of improvement when you're talking about having some major gross margin uptake here as you leave the Maxtor integration in history? 
Charles Pope: If you sit and look at the total guidance revenue and earnings, you'll see that we're expecting some seasonal lessening of demand in the June quarter on revenue. That's reflected in the guidance that we gave. That is historically the case.  And as we sit and look at the June quarter, at this point in time, we don't see any real reason why it would be counter to that so that where you're in fact increasing earnings in a seasonally-lower revenue period of time. Historically in the industry, when the earnings have gone down, so have the -- I mean, when the revenues have gone down, so have earnings. So, I actually think that's a very good outlook. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then the follow-up would be -- the 1.8-inch market; you folks have seemed pretty loud about the prospects that Seagate possesses, and how it's important in terms of -- mentioned that was one of your three factors to really enjoying this margin uptake.  But can you kind of give us some explanation around that market in terms of what is your view of the overall opportunity outside of the iPod? Because there is some concern with the iPhone that there could be some sort of overhang on the iPod, as well as, from what we are gathering, there could be an oversupply of 1.8-inch drives in the market right now, in terms of the drives shipped versus actually consumed. 
Brian Dexheimer: Hi, Mark. This is Brian. This market will continue to be more volatile at the margin than most of the traditional markets that we operate in, and we go in with our eyes fully open. You might remember that we entered into the 1-inch space and had some great fortune, and then the backside of that, as this market transitions.  So what I'd tell you is that we believe that the market is broader than one customer, and it continues to demonstrate that. Our experiences at CES here a few weeks ago reinforced that for us. We also believe it's a market that has the ability to routinely deliver 6 to 9 million units a quarter in volume, and it's a market today that only has two fundamental suppliers in it.  I can't speculate where other suppliers might be in terms of their ability to enter the market or announcements around the market. But we think that with our product technology and our supply chain, this is a market we can enter in and be successful.  We don't have extraordinary ambitions in terms of market share in the near-term horizon, but think that bringing a product to market at the highest aerial density and the smallest package gives us an opportunity to penetrate that market in a quality fashion. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Miller with Brean Murray. 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Well, since nobody else said it. Congratulations on your progress. At least I'm impressed with it. I just wanted your thoughts about from where you were at a few months ago on Vista and what Vista is going to do in '07.  And also, we've seen a rather large decrease in the price of high-definition TV. I'm just wondering, is there more upside now from either of these than what you thought a couple months ago in your '07 and beyond estimates? 
Bill Watkins: Yeah. I'll let Brian to take it. 
Brian Dexheimer: Sure. I think both trends, without getting real specific, are generally net positive to our business. One, the high-definition point, which you mentioned. Second, it was encouraging for us, because we think the high-definition displays goes with people's desire to enjoy the high-definition content that would naturally come with that.  And with that comes, obviously, the opportunity and, hopefully, the desire to record in high-definition. And that's a positive effect on our digital video recording business. In Vista, that also is, at the margin, a positive effect.  We haven't baked in either case, either high-def or Vista, significant uptick in volume because of either. But believe that there's some potential upside at the margin in desktop and DVR space because of both. 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Thanks gentlemen. The final question would be perpendicular. I mean, certainly you guys have been leading in that and you are one of the leader. But we've seen some announcements now from your competitors, especially in the mobile space, and how is that shaping up? Are people starting to catch up, or you still feel you're two to three quarters ahead of them? 
Bill Watkins: It's hard for us to know exactly what our competitors -- because we hear a lot of different stuff. My sense is that we have -- still have about a two-quarter lead, maybe more, actually, in certain markets and depending on the competitor. So I don't know. Dave, do you have anything to add? You stay pretty close to that. 
Dave Wickersham: I think that's accurate, Bill. I think that, given what we've described as our percent of perpendicular shipments this quarter. We think we are close to twice that of the industry average. And so, and as we look forward to the balance of this calendar year, likewise, with our plans, we think we continue to have a richer mix of perpendicular going forward.  So and then I guess finally, we're the only ones shipping perpendicular applications in all four market segments. So we think we're well positioned. Is it two or three quarters? Not sure.  Certainly, competition is probably seeing the benefits of perpendicular recording, and really just out of gas on longitudinal. So, we expect them to ramp. Whether or not they catch us in the remaining calendar year, we don't think so. So we think we've got a lead. I guess I'd describe it as a quarter or two. 
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Thanks. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Great quarter. Brian, could you give us the TAM for the December quarter. The total number of units you expected that shipped in the quarter? 
Brian Dexheimer: Not all the returns are in, but my expectation is $120 to $122, somewhere in that range. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Okay. We previously thought $115 million to $120 million, and kind of thought there might be some push-out in demand, due to Vista. Did Vista or any of that noise impact that? Why was the -- is there anything specific that you can point to that the TAM was greater than you anticipated? 
Brian Dexheimer: Sure. I think the primary driver was over performance for, I think, the fourth quarter in a row in the notebook space. It was just stronger than had anticipated coming in. I think the desktop space at the margin maybe a little bit stronger seasonally in December than we had expected going in. But I think those are the two primary factors on the client side.  The CE and enterprise space came in pretty much where we expected. So not altogether that surprising, when the numbers are getting this big, you know, a difference of 3 million units or 4 million units, you know isn't as much as it might sound in absolute terms. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Right. And then on the 750 gigabyte drive, how are things going there? 
Brian Dexheimer: Great. We're encouraged by our penetration of a number of different applications, surveillance and the near line storage space being the two primary ones. We're in qualifications across the board with most of the providers in the near line storage space, and hope to have more news to report there when we have our next call in April about some success in getting those design wins. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: What do you think the market growth of that is? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, it's been the fastest growing segment of the enterprise space, as you know, an absolute terms, it's still a small portion of the overall enterprise space, if you include mission critical. But we believe it's growing quite rapidly and it's erosive to the tape business, and its additive to our enterprise space in SCSI and Fiber, and now SAS, segment of the business. So we're very encouraged by it's hard to tell what the absolute growth numbers are going to be, but it's certainly a high-growth space. 
Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group: Congratulations on that, and congratulations on drawing a line in the sand on market share and causing rational pricing. Thanks. 
Brian Dexheimer: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Inman with Robert Baird. 
Joel Inman - Robert Baird: Hi, thank you. Could you share with us just the ASP in the quarter? And also the mix between distribution channel revenues, retail, OEM? 
Charles Pope: I will if you'll give me one second. OEM on a combined basis was 64% with distribution at 36%. If you look at North America -- geographic splits, it was North America 26%, Europe 30% and Asia-Pac 40%. And the blended ASP -- hang on -- $71, basically, no, hold it, $73. 
Joel Inman - Robert Baird: Okay. And retail is just folded into distribution? 
Charles Pope: Yes. 
Joel Inman - Robert Baird: Okay. Thank you. 
Charles Pope: Next. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Kugele with Needham and Corporate. 
Rich Kugele - Needham and Corporate: Thank you. Just two quick questions. First, I believe you had intended on end-of-lifing the 10-K SAS that Maxtor had previously been the only one supplying. Is that still your intention today? And what have you been migrating those customers that were interested in it to? 
Brian Dexheimer: Rich, this is Brian. Let me take that one. We in fact have end-of-lifed the legacy Maxtor design, as we had indicated. There are a select number of customers that we have engaged with that have a desire to continue that product trajectory. And what we've been successful in doing is moving them onto a Seagate platform. 
Rich Kugele - Needham and Corporate: Okay. And then just lastly, you did mention ruthenium, which has been somewhat over-hyped. Can you just comment as to how much of the EPS? Do you think it's really impacting? Are you just being conservative there, based on what's going on today? And how quickly do you expect to see your own actions reducing that impact? 
Charles Pope: I'll take a piece of it and then let Dave take the other piece. You know the cost of ruthenium has run up. And without giving you the amount we use per disc or anything else, we believe that we still have the lowest-cost discs in the industry. And the cost of ruthenium is built into the guidance that we have given.  So as I mentioned when Katy had the question, cost of ruthenium is a bit of a headwind in terms of the expanding margins. Now, I'll let Dave answer the rest of it. 
Dave Wickersham: Rich, there's not much to add other than what I described in the script. And that is, given the run-up in ruthenium and, clearly, the cost and inventory impact and we're doing everything possible within our control to mitigate it.  And that ranges anywhere from the design team looking at what are the design alternatives, the process team looking at what we can do to improve the material utilization, and of course, the supply chain, just working end-to-end to try to make sure that from an OEE and utilization perspective, we've identified all constraints and improved the overall utilization of ruthenium.  And so beyond that, and what Charles stated in terms of it being in the outlook, you know we're concerned. And that's why we have all hands on deck. We're looking at it across the board. Like you'd expect us to do on any significant cost impact or supply constraint.  So we're attacking it aggressively. It's something that we anticipate we're going to need to continue to do. And we've factored that in not only to our outlook, but in our priorities in the Company. 
Rich Kugele - Needham and Corporate: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Bill Watkins: Rich, let me add to that. I think it'd be -- I mean, when we think about the biggest issues in the fourth quarter, ruthenium probably wouldn't be there. There's a lot of other issues with our competitor base, and what they do is probably more important to us as we go forward. 
Rich Kugele - Needham and Corporate: That's very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you. Charles, I'm sorry to belabor this point, but in terms of the gross margin, if I model sort of the midpoint of your revenue range and I model operating expenses slightly higher on an absolute basis, I am not getting in my model to a 24% gross margin, I'm getting more like a 23. Am I thinking about this wrong or can you just help me out there in terms of am I wrong on the operating expense number, or -- can you help me? 
Charles Pope: I'm not exactly sure what you're using. But the gross margin that we have modeled for the March quarter is about 24.5. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: You're modeling 24.5. Okay. 
Bill Watkins: And Wickersham is being held accountable to that. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, in terms of the gross margin improvement sequentially from December to March, what percentage of that would you say is the exit of the Maxtor business and what percentage of that would you say, roughly, is the ramping of new lower cost discs? 
Charles Pope: There's probably -- if you sit and look at it, there's about, given the 24.5% gross margin I just discussed with you, about 4.6 -- 460 basis points of improvement. And given that Seagate standalone was at 22.3 in December and the combined was 19.9, it was 18.7, or I forget exactly what the other side was.  But you're seeing about 200 basis points improvement just in the Seagate side, which is mix of products, lower cost platforms that are shipping in higher volume, other types of things. So if you talk about an overall 4.6 -- 460 basis points, half of it is just improvement in mix and lower cost products that Seagate is shipping. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And then the other half is roughly exiting the Maxtor facility? 
Charles Pope: Correct. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Charles Pope: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Alger with [Strata Capital Management]. 
Brian Alger - Strata Capital Management: Hi guys, good afternoon. Just a quick question on the ruthenium. It seems that you guys have a unique advantage in the industry in that you use the flex capacity of your various suppliers. Do those suppliers have the ability to pass the rising ruthenium costs on to you, or is that something you guys can leverage through your margins? 
Dave Wickersham: This is Dave. Let me say, obviously, we're not going to share any specifics in terms of how we work with our suppliers or how we leverage the opportunity, other than to say that, like I said, we've got both the supply underpinned and the cost impacts in our forecast going forward. I don't think, Brian, it's appropriate to go beyond that. 
Bill Watkins: The biggest advantage we've had is, we've been in perpendicular for a long time and have understood this issue for a long time. 
Brian Alger - Strata Capital Management: Okay. Thanks guys. That's it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Shaw Wu with American Technology. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology: Thanks. Just a quick question in terms of component availability, is there a change in the environment there, particularly on the media side? And then, if I could squeeze in a second question, it's just a quick update on the Flash, the hybrid drives. Thanks. 
Bill Watkins: So Dave, why don't you take the ruthenium, and I'll let Brian take the Flash. 
Dave Wickersham: Sure. So Shaw, from a component availability standpoint, I think we have been signaling for some time that we do not see any industry constraints, nor Seagate's constraints on either finished media capacity, glass substrates or aluminum substrates. So that situation really hasn't changed.  You know, we're continuing to monitor it. As Bill said, as we ramp to perpendicular and see how the competitors ramp to perpendicular that could create some tightness, perhaps some spot shortages. But our view is that overall, there's adequate supply in the near-term for both substrates and finished media capacity. So no component constraints, that we're aware of. 
Brian Dexheimer: Shaw, this is Brian. Let me take the hybrid question. So we're very encouraged by our position relative to the remaining competitors in the notebook space. As you know, we've announced the product. We're in qualification at a number of OEMs during this quarter. We may get some volume this quarter. It's a little too early to make that commitment.  But certainly over the course of the next six months, we'll see a ramp of volume of hybrid technology, consistent with the release of this, than, to the consumer space. But I think it's really second half of calendar year before you start to see something that's a meaningful revenue impact. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology: Okay. And could I squeeze just one more, a quick one? I'm sorry. Dave, where do you think PMR, where do you think the industry is in terms of PMR? I mean your 24% of your shipments are PMR. Where do you think the industry is at? 
Dave Wickersham: We thought the industry, including Seagate, is about half of that in the December quarter. And so what I try to say is, whether we're two quarters or more in terms of the lead, we think we'll continue to have that kind of advantage through the balance of the calendar year. So again about 13 or so percent somewhere in that range the total industry December and Seagate, as you just described is about 22-23. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology: Okay. Thanks. 
Bill Watkins: And Matthew, one more question. 
Operator: Okay. Our final question and we have a follow-up from Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Hi, Charles, on the guidance, want to come back to the midpoint of the EPS. I think maybe part of the confusion -- I want to clarify this myself -- is that the September guidance that you guys provided of the $1.70 to $1.80 was prior to the $0.07 charge for eSys.  And then the new guidance includes it. So in effect, if we do the math, it really looks like you're, in effect, raising the guidance, midpoint of the guidance by about $0.04 to $0.05. Is that the right math? 
Charles Pope: It would be easy to just say yes, because your statements relative to eSys are accurate. The $1.70 to $1.80 guidance we gave at the end of September did not include that. The $1.70 to $1.75 we gave now does include that. But it also didn't include the better-than-average performance that we got in the December quarter.  So, you kind of net those two things out. The guidance that we gave for the back half of the year is relatively consistent, once you net everything out that came in and out. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. And then on the CE side of the equation, Brian, just to clarify the split between gaming and PVR how should we think about that, roughly? 
Brian Dexheimer: Well, you can assume that gaming was less than half of that 7 million units. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. And then the last question. Charles, you indicated on EVault that -- 
Bill Watkins: Three. No one listens to us. You notice that, Charles? 
Charles Pope: I've noticed. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: I figured I had a freebie since I was the follow-up side. The data on the EVault side of equation Charles, you talked about the guidance excludes EVault on the amortization, but anything you'd care to add on either revenue or margin impact? 
Charles Pope: The expectation that we have with EVault is that it will have no material effect relative to revenue or earnings after we have taken care of the purchase accounting stuff. I'll give you an update on that when we have those. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: All right. Thank you. 
Bill Watkins: Okay. Thank you.  So again, everybody, thank you for joining us for the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Take care. Travel safe. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-10-24 22:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Watkins - CEO Charles Pope - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dave Wickersham - President and Chief Operating Officer Brian Dexheimer - Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer
Analysts: Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan Laura Conigliaro – Goldman Sachs Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers Rich Kugele – Needham Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Mark Miller - Brean Murray
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technologies fiscal first quarter 2007 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  This conference call contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, statements related to the company’s future financial performance including the expected impacts from the acquisition and integration of Maxtor Corporation. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the Company's annual reports, on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2006 and in the company's Form 8-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2006. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company's views as of any subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. I would now like to turn the conference to over to our host Mr. Bill Watkins, CEO. Please go ahead.
Bill Watkins: Welcome and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Wickersham, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. I would like to make a few comments on our performance this quarter and then provide a brief outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2007. I will then hand the call to Brian for review of our market performance during the quarter.  I am pleased to report that Seagate closed a strong first quarter for fiscal year 2007. In which we achieved our financial objectives and record shipments of 39 million units. During the quarter, we continued to make significant progress on many of the broader objectives we set out to accomplish for the year, while maintaining our leadership position and setting the foundation to benefit from the nearly $10 billion of industry revenue growth expected over the next two years.  During the quarter, we maintained our position as the industry leader in the three of the four major markets and our revenue retention targets following the Maxtor acquisition. We saw tremendous unit growth in the mobile computing space where qualifications of our industry-leading 160 gigabyte perpendicular drives continues to be well accepted by key OEMs. Seagate growth rate year-over-year in consumer electronic applications outpaced the industry and consumer electronics remains one of the most exciting markets for storage companies. In the enterprise space, we maintained our strong leadership position and saw very positive trends in both the adoption of small form factor products as well as high capacity products with Internet infrastructure applications.  The desktop market remained competitive at the low end of the market, but we are seeing growing trends to higher capacity drives, which we believe favors Seagate products and cost leadership.  Since closing the Maxtor acquisition last quarter, we have been focused on completing the integration process which will allows to rationalize our capacity to further lower our cost structure. The integration is going well, and continues to progress ahead of schedule allowing us to realize synergies from this acquisition sooner than originally anticipated.  OEM customer transition to Seagate products continues to progress as expected, as we have discussed previously, by aggressively transitioning the Maxtor products to equivalent Seagate products, we have concentrated the negative financial impact on the product transition into the June, September and December quarters 2006. Dave and Charles will discuss later during this call how the completion of this transition will result in material improvement in our gross margins and operating model beginning in the March 2007 quarter.  In the channel, the recent launch of our dual-brand hard drive strategy has been well received and we will continue to manage both our Seagate and Maxtor sales channels to achieve maximum market share from all our customer segments. Overall, I am pleased that through this acquisition we have met our revenue share goals to remain highly profitable. In connection with the Maxtor acquisition, we have planned on certain capital expenditures. However, with the acceleration of positive traction of the integrations, I am pleased to report that we will require significantly less capital investment than originally anticipated. This has also contributed to the reduction in our fiscal 2007 capital requirements, which Dave and Charles will detail shortly.  Our outlook has been adjusted and will be affected by the aggressive pricing environment in the OEM desktop and notebook markets. Resulting from what we believe are competitors who seem intent on trying to capture market share without regard for profitability.  I am pleased though, particularly in the face of this environment with the revenue retention we have achieved and we are confident in our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve profitability throughout the year.  Since the announcement in December of the Maxtor acquisition, the market has had ample time to complete its adjustments of supply chain strategy. In light of this, we expect the normal dynamics of the market to returned and absent product transitions, quality issues or supply chain disruptions, there is no reason to expect market share shifts.  Seagate has been and remains committed to pricing discipline which builds profitability and allows us to reinvest in technology, one of the keys to our leadership; but we are equally determent to maintain our current share positions. Consequently, we will meet market prices to maintain market share.  Therefore, while there was an impact to our top line and original outlook we provided for the year, we are extremely confident in our ability to perform well in this environment. We have consistently demonstrated our ability to deliver superior profitability and believe that we will continue to deliver strong results in the fiscal year and over the long-term. For the second half of the fiscal year, there are three key factors that will drive or improve profitability. First, we are accelerating our development efforts and we will introduced new, higher margin, lower cost products as quickly as possible to optimize product mix.  Second, we will entering the growing 1.8 inch market where we believe we will have a market-leading product ready to ship at the end of the calendar year.  And finally, as mentioned earlier, we are very focused on completing the Maxtor integration, which will allow us achieve a lower cost structure.  Seagate continues to be the industry’s technology product and cost leader with access to virtually every available market in the $30 billion plus disk drive industry and a strong and growing customer base. We continue to focus on delivering on our financial and operational objectives. I believe our board of directors demonstrated their continued confidence in our business and prospects with today’s increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Brian to provide details on our performance in the quarter. 
 Brian Dexheimer: The September quarter was characterized by seasonal unit growth and industry demand of 13% sequentially and 17% year-on-year. We believe the industry had record revenue performance and Seagate maintained it’s leadership in three of the four major markets, shipping a record 39 million units.  In addition, overall revenue retention as a result of the Maxtor acquisition remained within our target range. As we look forward into December, we expect industry unit demand overall to be a 115 to120 million units for about 10% to 15% year-on-year growth.  Now I’ll give some detail on the individual markets. In the mobile computing space, the market remained strong, delivering over 26 million units of demand. Seagate saw continued growth, shipping 4.2 million drives, an increase of 24% sequentially and 74% year-on-year, over twice that of the industry. We believe we are extremely well-positioned in the space, with one of the broadest product offerings in the industry, including our newly introduced mobile MAX line of Maxtor branded notebook products for channel partners globally. Further, our technology leadership in this space allowed Seagate to increase its average gigabyte per drive shipped to nearly 80 gigabytes, once again leading the industry. Our industry-leading 5400 RPM, 160 gigabyte notebook drive is now qualified at nine leading notebook manufacturers, and we expect to complete another three qualifications during the December quarter. Looking forward, we expect overall notebook demand for the December quarter to be seasonally up from the September quarter. In the consumer electronics market, Seagate maintained its leadership position during the quarter, shipping 6.5 million units. In the DVR space, all significant previous Maxtor customers have engaged in qualification, or shipment of, Seagate designed products and we feel good about our ability to retain this revenue going forward. Also in this space, the launch of our 750 gigabyte DV-35 and SV-35 products have been well-received and are in qualification for high definition digital video recorders and surveillance systems planned for later in the year.  As we have seen the average capacity of our DVR shipments grow to nearly 180 gigabytes, we feel the introduction of this high capacity platform gives Seagate an important advantage in cost and capacity in this space going forward. Gaming applications remain one of the strongest sectors of this market, as console makers geared up for increased demand in product launches during the holiday season. To date, we have been pleased with our significant participation in both of the next generation consoles available in the market. In hand-held applications, demand for our 1 inch products remains steady, with shipments comparable to that of the June quarter. In addition, our 1.8 inch drive, announced during the June quarter, targeted at personal media players, digital video cameras and other portable devices is on track to begin qualifications during this quarter. We expect demand in the CE market to be flat to slightly up in the December quarter.  Demand in the Enterprise space was in line with expectations, as Seagate shipped 4.1 million units, maintaining our leadership position in this space. Our industry-leading product line is well-positioned to take advantage of the growth ahead, particularly in the tiered storage and small form factor segments of this market. In fact, shipments of our 2.5 inch Enterprise-class drives grew 36% sequentially, and we expect to see rapid industry adoption of this platform over the next three to nine months. We expect overall Enterprise demand in the December quarter to be flat to that of the September quarter. In the desktop compute market, we maintained our leadership position by shipping 24.4 million units. Revenue retention in this space is at the low end of our expectations as once again we saw willingness from our competition to secure additional share on aggressive terms, particularly at the low end of the product line. Our product mix continued to improve, as shipments of products 200 gigabytes and greater continued to exceed the industry average as a percent of volume. Global distribution demand for desktop products was strong later in the quarter, as is usual for a September quarter.  Our dual brand offering is being well received by our partners and end customers in the both the commercial and consumer channels of sale and we remained pleased with our revenue retention. Channel inventory ending September was less than June on an absolute basis and was under five weeks, consistent with our recent history and model. For the December quarter, we expect to see a normal seasonal demand increase in the desktop space. Finally, Seagate’s branded solution revenue, comprised of Seagate and Maxtor branded products, was up sequentially. Demand for networked and attached storage in small businesses and the home continues to grow. We have the industry’s largest product offering in this space, and believe we are best positioned to capitalize on the growth ahead. We expect December quarter to be seasonally strong for this business.  In summary, we are encouraged by the industry growth trends in fiscal 2007, and Seagate’s unique position to capture revenue share across all markets. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our acquisition and operations.
Dave Wickersham: Thank you, Brian. The Maxtor integration and product transition to Seagate products and processes is proceeding ahead of plan. We are closing in on the final build of legacy Maxtor products quickly. Production of all legacy Maxtor products is expected to be complete by the end of November with the exception of the 10-K RPM SAS Enterprise drive which will be completed by mid-December. The completion of legacy Maxtor products is a significant milestone and the expected improve in our manufacturing capacity, utilization, and shift to Seagate products and processes ensure we are positioned to achieve our financial targets in the second half of fiscal year.  As Bill discussed earlier, completing this planned product transition will result in a material improvement in our gross margin and operating model beginning in the March 2007 quarter. Regarding inventory, last quarter I described our plan to improve inventory turns for the Seagate designed products to 12 to 14 times range. Our performance did not meet our objective or requirement as inventory turns in the September quarter for Seagate designed products were slightly less than 11 turns, which is basically flat compared to the June quarter. We have implemented a number of process changes to improve our inventory turns and I am confident it will improve our results. Resources and weekly management reviews are in place to help ensure we meet 12 inventory turns this quarter. Regarding legacy Maxtor products finished goods inventory, we expect to have at most a couple hundred thousand legacy Maxtor drives at the end of December. Looking at our transition to perpendicular recording, Seagate’s technology leadership is clear. During the September quarter, we shipped approximately 3.7 million drives that utilized perpendicular recording. Every major market -- desktop, notebook, enterprise and consumer electronics -- is being served in some manner by a perpendicular recording based drive. We have growing confidence that we will achieve our internal plan of exiting our fiscal fourth quarter with greater than 50% of all drives shipped utilizing perpendicular recording. Finally, our leadership in perpendicular recording technology will allow us to access new revenue opportunity with the industry’s first single-disc 60 gigabyte 1.8 inch drive. Our fiscal 2007 capital investment forecast has been reduced and we now expect capital investment to be approximately $1.15 billion for fiscal year 2007. This is a reduction of approximately $150 million and is primarily driven by process, test and yield improvements; and to some extent utilization of equipment acquired from Maxtor.  Finally there has been no change to our Singapore Woodlands 3 media expansion plan and we continue to target initial production in the first half of calendar 2008. Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles.
Charles Pope: Thanks Dave. You will find the company’s press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance, along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate’s website at seagate.com. Throughout my remarks I will be referring to specific sections of the supplemental financial information by slide number. Seagate reported September quarter revenue of $2.8 billion and unit shipments of 39 million. Included are revenue and unit shipments from legacy Maxtor products of approximately $344 million and 4.9 million units respectively. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share are $59 million and $0.10 respectively. Included in the GAAP results are approximately $82 million of acquisition-related charges and associated tax effects; as well as a favorable restructuring adjustment of $4 million. Without these charges and the associated tax effects, non-GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share was $137 million and $0.23. These are shown on slides 3 and 4. Non-GAAP gross margin for the combined company in the June quarter was 17.3%. Slide 5 has the adjustments made to GAAP gross margin. Gross margin percent for the legacy Maxtor product was notably worse then expected and was approximately negative 16.3%. Gross margin percent for Seagate products was approximately 22.1%, slightly better than we expected.  The pricing environment on average for the quarter was in line with our expectations. The desktop and notebook markets continued to see competitors using aggressive price in attempting to achieve higher market share. For Seagate products, average price declines on a like-for-like basis across all markets was in excess of 6%, similar to the June quarter. Price declines accelerated in almost all markets as we negotiated pricing and share allocations with the OEM customer base for the December quarter, and is reflected in our outlook.  GAAP operating expenses composed of R&D, SG&A, and amortization of intangibles for the September quarter were $394 million. Excluding acquisition-related costs of $46 million non-GAAP operating expenses were $348 million; considerably less than excepted. Due to the uncertainty around the pricing environment, Seagate focused on minimizing operating expenses during the quarter as an offset. Going forward, we will continue to focus on limiting increases in the operating expense area and now expect operating expenses for fiscal 2007 inclusive of Maxtor ramp down costs, but excluding acquisition related costs, to be approximately $1.48 billion. Slide 6 has the details for the adjustments made to GAAP operating expenses.  Net other income and expense for the September quarter was $2 million of income. The September quarter reflects a full quarter of the Maxtor debt we assumed as part of the acquisition, and approximately two weeks of the debt Seagate issued late in the September quarter.  The accounting provision for income tax was a benefit of $5 million for the September quarter. The primary cause of the tax benefit was a greater than expected loss from the legacy Maxtor operations. Looking forward, we expect the tax rate for the year to be approximately 5%. It is important to note that we do not expect a material change in our cash tax rate now or in the foreseeable future.  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $2.65 billion. Seagate made capital investments during the first quarter of fiscal 2007 that totaled $227 million. As Dave indicated, we now expect approximately $1.15 billion in capital investments during fiscal 2007  During the quarter, the company used approximately $150 million to repurchase 6.7 million shares. There is approximately $2.35 billion still available under the current stock repurchase authorization.  During the December quarter, significant uses of cash will include redeeming the $400 million, 8% note and roughly $130 million of the $500 million previously discussed related to the Maxtor acquisition.  As noted in our press release today, we have adjusted our business outlook for fiscal 2007. There are a couple of reasons behind the change in our outlook. First in response to recent competitive behavior that we believe focused on market share and not profit, Seagate has shifted to a meet market price approach with the intent of not ceding any share in the market.  Second, revenues generated from legacy Maxtor products will continue to have a meaningful drag on the company’s financial results. We estimate a negative impact to gross margin and earnings of approximately $30 million in the December quarter associated with legacy Maxtor designed products resulting in approximately negative 16% gross margins versus an earlier expectation of zero gross margins.  In light of these changes, the management team has embarked on a focused cost improvement plan that spans all elements of spending within the company from bill of material costs to below the line spending. The currently identified savings from this effort is already incorporated into our outlook. Our financial outlook for the year incorporates our expectation of the environment I just described and also requires crisp execution by Seagate around three key activities. The first is completing the Maxtor product transition and improving manufacturing utilization rates. The second is launching and ramping new products with lower cost structures across various markets. Third, expanding market coverage with the new 1.8 inch product mentioned earlier. During the second half of our fiscal year, we believe that the synergies and the accretion associated with the Maxtor acquisition will be realized and the company will move back into its gross margin model of 24% to 26% with sequentially improving financial results throughout the fiscal year.  For the year, revenue is expected to be $11.4 billion to $11.8 billion. Operating expenses, including the ramp down of Maxtor but excluding acquisition related costs, is expected to be approximately $1.48 billion. The booked tax rate should be approximately 5%. Our outlook does not incorporate any impact to other income and expense or the outstanding share total represented by potential share repurchases that may occur during the year. As such other income and expenses model to be a net of approximately $20 million and the average diluted outstanding shares model is 595 million. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share expected to be $1.70 to $1.80.  Including the estimated costs directly relate to the Maxtor acquisition and approximately $18 million of fees related to the early redemption of the 8% note, fiscal 2007 GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be a $1.35 to $1.45. For the December quarter, revenue is expected to be between $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion with approximately $175 million for legacy Maxtor products. Gross margins for the company are expected to improve roughly 200 basis points due to improved manufacturing utilization as we accelerate the ramp down of legacy Maxtor products. Operating expenses including Maxtor ramp-down costs but excluding acquisition-related costs is expected to be around $370 million. Other income and expenses model to be a modest net income; diluted outstanding shares are modeled to be flat from the September quarter exit level at 595 million. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the December quarter is expected to be $0.30 to $0.34 including acquisition-related costs, and approximately $18 million related to the early redemption of the 8% note. GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be $0.17 to $0.21. Finally, I want to provide an update on our internal audit regarding option grants. Our auditors have completed the review of all of our option grants as well as the option granting process since the company went public in December 2002 and will be presenting their report to the audit committee later this week. Based on that review, I am confident that no adjustments to our financial statements are necessary with respect to our accounting for stock options. That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back to over to Bill.
Bill Watkins: Thank you, Charles. Looking forward, I seeing continuing success for Seagate. The bulk of the Maxtor transition is behind us and I believe our employees have done an excellent job in meeting our acquisition goals. We believe we are the best positioned storage company in the industry and we will soon realize all the benefits of the acquisition in the form of revenue and earnings which will improve progressively each quarter throughout the fiscal year.  With that on behalf of the entire Seagate management team, I would like to thank Seagate employees around the world for their contribution to another strong quarter. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Yes, thank you. A few questions, if I may. It is somewhat of a loaded question for you, Charles and Bill. You describe pricing has gotten much worse, during what is probably the best time of the year historically. Given the hard disk drive industry’s past, I would say that when pricing starts to slide it is usually a pretty slippery slope. So I wanted to get your sense in terms of what is lending to your confidence that you get this material snap-back in your outlook in the March and June quarters of fiscal ’07, given that we are in a pretty tenuous pricing environment right now? And the slower period of the year is just around the corner.
Bill Watkins: Tell you what, Mark. I will let Charles answer it. If he doesn’t give you the right answer, I’ll add. Go ahead, Charles.
Charles Pope: Okay. Well, as I sat and looked at the back half of the year, the biggest part of the significant improvements in margins that was referred to in our remarks is really credited in products that are being introduced that have significantly reduced their cost structure. That is something that is within our control to be able to go and do that. We are feeling good about the products that are underway and will be coming out at the back half of the year. That is the biggest part of the lift.
Bill Watkins: Mark, as we’ve said a couple of times, getting rid of the Maxtor, after going through this quarter, once we get rid of the Maxtor products and transition to Seagate, we feel that we have not only now, but going forward with the opportunities that Dave and his team are working on, we have the ability to be in a pretty aggressive price environment, but our ability to reduce cost in this environment and continue to grow revenue and earnings – we feel pretty confident about.  The net of it is, is our ability to execute. You can’t always control pricing, but we can have a big say in our cost structure. We are feeling pretty good about some of the opportunities ahead of us.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Then as an offshoot there, how should we think about this opportunity for Seagate to take advantage of the lower cost structure, in terms of how much ammo from that lower cost structure is going towards your meet the market approach, as you have described it? Versus gross margin improvements? Can we get a sense there?
Bill Watkins: Again, I think we are not going to drive pricing down. We are going to follow the market. We are going to be focused on profitability. We have been continuously. That said, we are not giving up any market share for pricing. And so, I think the net of it is as we take advantage of our cost structure, we are going to try to float the gross margins first. But again, we are not giving up any more market share from where we are.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: So you are pretty much shooting the cannon balls across the bows of your competitors today then, I take it?
Bill Watkins: No, I think that we have stabilized where the markets are and we are keeping our share. I think there is a great opportunity for all of us. I mean, it’s a nice market. There is a lot of growth and if we act smart I think we can all do well.
Charles Pope: Mark, I think if you reflect back to conversations that we’ve had with the investment community announcing the Maxtor acquisition, we’ve been open about the fact that we felt that there was share that would be lost; there was probably some share that we wouldn’t mind losing. This is basically a statement that says, that time has past. And so it is not really trying to be aggressive or anything else, it is saying that the transition has occurred, we are where we are and now let’s go to business.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Okay, two more questions, if I could. The distribution channel. Brian, how should we think about Seagate’s exposure to the distribution channel now, given that you have more of a dual source here with the Maxtor and the Seagate lines in the distribution channel?
 Brian Dexheimer: I think as a percent of the business, obviously we have seen the business increase substantially, across the board, Mark. So I think in terms of percentage of business, it is really probably not as dramatic as you might think it is. So our mix did shift a little bit towards channels as opposed to OEM, but it is in low single-digits kind of a shift, so I don’t think it is really that material. In fact, I think because of the additional mix levers at our disposal relative to having two brands and two paths to market, I actually think it helped stabilize the business to some degree.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Lastly, a major enterprise storage provider has commented that they have been building more or less a war chest of inventory for 3Q and 4Q. I am just wondering, given your position in the enterprise drive market, how does that impact your revenue assumptions going into the first part of ’07?
Charles Pope: Well I don’t think we factored in anything substantially different. I have been pretty consistent, I think maybe back in August when we talked about the September quarter being flat to June, there was some skepticism around whether that was really going to happen. In fact, we think that is exactly what happened and that is why we are saying this quarter will be flat as well. What we are seeing is a tremendous uptick in terms of pedabytes consumed in that space, but the unit totals are relatively flat and I think as it pertains to the first half of calendar ’07, we don’t have anything in our outlook that would say that they would be anything other than the same kind of seasonal enterprise demand we have seen before.
 Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Conigliaro – Goldman Sachs.
 Laura Conigliaro – Goldman Sachs: Yes, a couple of things. What is your thinking behind the movement in your internal inventory where Seagate’s finished goods inventory is up 80 million? And then I guess in a related question, maybe you can talk a little bit more about the $30 million of unexpected costs on the Maxtor side in gross margins for the December quarter? In addition, what exactly do you expect for pricing to be in the December quarter?
Bill Watkins: I will let Dave take the inventory.
 Dave Wickersham: Hi, Laura. I will start first on the inventory, up 81 million quarter on quarter. It is driven, that is basically two major components. Two-thirds of it are finished goods and the other is some increases in purchasing, primarily due to precious metals and positioning some perpendicular media this quarter. The majority of it is finished goods, and it is frankly a result of forecasts coming in different than what we planned. So what we have done – and it is across all market segments, it is not legacy product, it is not old product, it is just again our inability in the September timeframe in particular to adjust the changes in the mix of customers across desktop, notebook and enterprise. So what we have done is put together a process, focus and some resources to make sure that throughout the quarter, not just the last month of the quarter, as we see changes in the actual consumption from our customers, we are in a position to quickly make adjustments.
Charles Pope: Laura, I will cover the next two points. At the time that we were putting together our fiscal year plans originally, we had expectations reviewing the material and product cost of Maxtor products, that in the December quarter we would be able to have zero gross margin. As we have better understood the purchase commitments and everything else and matched them up against our plans, we have found that we had a disconnect with that from a planning perspective. It is the same purchase orders that were there, continuing out the legacy build. It was missed in our planning process before. And so that is really what that is. If we sat and looked at the pricing environment, the pricing environment that we see for December is about a point more aggressive than it was in the September quarter and about a point-and-a-half more aggressive on a like-for-like basis than what we had built into our plans at the beginning of the year. As you know, once you have an exit price that has stepped down and you maintain some reasonable price reduction expectations, it has a ripple effect throughout the year then. That is one of the major drivers of the adjusted outlook that we have given. 
 Laura Conigliaro – Goldman Sachs: Can we go back to the last question, which is this has really been two quarters in a row now that you have had some inventory issues that you are really adjusting for. Maybe you can talk about that too? You had the high end drive situation last quarter.
 Dave Wickersham: Last quarter it was primarily driven by a mix change, frankly primarily in the desktop and the notebook area. I won’t describe it as anything different than the need to improve our process, recognizing the complexity in terms of configuration and number of customers that we are serving, we need to make those adjustments more timely. I do think we understand the issue. I do think, like I said, with the additional attention, resources and tools that we have put in place that we can manage this and get back to the 12 turns this quarter. So again, it is a process that we own and we are accountable for that we just didn’t adjust or forecast quick enough. I do think that we understand that. We have taken the steps to ensure that does not continue.
Bill Watkins: Laura, it can’t. Just how we are thinking about, I think we need to be better focused on inventory, I am not going to try to side-step the issue. As we look at the September and December quarters, we are not probably as worried about inventory going into a December quarter. I think what is paramount is that we come out of December with the right inventory balance. So again, we kind of look at opportunities to put things on boats and things like that. I mean, we don’t do the hard shutdowns of production builds that we could have done to bring the inventory in line. We would be more inclined to do something like that in a December or March quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers.
 Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers: The first couple are for Charles. Charles, you had mentioned that the company has embarked on some cost optimization initiatives on both the operating costs and the bill of materials side of the equation. I was wondering if you could refine that a little bit more for us? Also, if you could give us a bit more clarity on the share buyback side? I know you have guided for no change from a modeling perspective, but maybe you could give us a little bit of a sense on the go forward basis, how much might be in a normalized buyback program versus more of an opportunistic buyback program?
Charles Pope: First, relative to the cost reduction, there were quite a few notes out from investors and also just industry notes during this last quarter identifying a great deal of uncertainty relative to demand, to the pricing environment and everything else. We as a management team felt like we needed to batten down the hatches. I think that’s reflected in the spending levels that we reported. And so to a very large extent at this point in time, we are focused on maintaining the spending levels that we have reported in this set of financial results, and as we continue to have growth and demand growth and revenue and other things to fulfill that through efficiency measures versus increased spending.  There are areas where we are actually going through and have opportunities to reduce some costs, reduce some inefficiencies, but by and large it is maintaining where we are now and not having the increases that we had planned during the course of the year. Share buyback. You know, I have between now and Friday to figure out exactly what we might want to do with the share buyback. I don’t think it is prudent to really describe it, because it takes away the opportunities we have to be opportunistic in the market and everything. I think it is fair to say that we would expect to be in the market, that us guiding you to flat numbers and the model as it is there is not an indication that we don’t have an appetite and a desire to be in the market repurchasing shares, and I think that our history would demonstrate that we will in fact do that.
Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Dave, I know you said you anticipated being fully transitioned on the Maxtor product later this quarter, but is it safe to assume that the desktop products specifically is now fully transitioned?
 Dave Wickersham: No. We basically have 700,000 drives to go to complete it. Most of the desktop will be completed by the end of November completely and then we will have a minor number of enterprise drives that will carry us into mid-December.
Charles Pope: Dave is addressing it from a manufacturing perspective. There may be a few hundred thousand left from a sales perspective that carry over into the March quarter, but aren’t expected to have a material impact on the March quarter results.
Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers: Then the last few questions are, Brian you had indicated that CE in the 1 inch space was essentially flat during September. Could you give a little bit more of a breakout on the DVR gaming side? And then Charles, I just have one more back on the desktop side. You indicated negative 16 on the Maxtor product in the December quarter. Should we assume as we move to the March timeframe, just to tighten up the models as we look forward, that we should be building in a Seagate desktop margin that is more in the mid-teens?
Charles Pope: Well I have never really been granular about what the individual market margins are, but in the March and June quarters we are essentially 100% Seagate based products, and we have modeled and feel confident in returning to our operating model of 24% to 26% gross margins, with some sequential improvement during that period.
 Brian Dexheimer: June to September growth was what I would say relatively modest unit growth in DVR and gaming combined, and somewhere in the 5% to 10% range.
Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers: But similar amount of increase on both the DVR and the gaming?
 Brian Dexheimer: Yes.
Harry Blount – Lehman Brothers: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kugele – Needham.
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. In terms of your new, low-cost 160 gig, how should we think about that product ramping? Where do you expect it to ultimately be applied? Is this going to be namely 160 gig and under, or will you apply it further within your desktop line?
 Brian Dexheimer: The 160 gig low-cost, can you just zero me in on what specifically you are referring to?
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Well that is part of your new low-cost product suite that is going to be launched, right?
 Brian Dexheimer: In the second half of the year?
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Yes.
 Brian Dexheimer: Yes.
 Rich Kugele – Needham: So as you see that ramping, how should we view that? Is that going to be ultimately applied to attack the markets that other competitors have been going after, so you now have a competitive product? Any color there would be helpful. 
 Brian Dexheimer: Well let me first correct that perception. We have always felt like we have a competitive product. This, as Bill pointed out, helps us bring costs down even further and makes us that much more competitive. So the lack of a competitive product has never been our issue in any statement in the market, necessarily. I think what we are struggling with is the margin profiles up to this point. Going forward, we will not hesitate in struggling with that to keep the share that we’ve got. To address your original question around the second half of the year and the 160 gigabyte, that primarily will be a desktop purpose design, but it will also have applications in the DVR space that I think will be significant. At the same time, we will be working on some higher density PER disk implementations that actually go up in the product line and are greater than the 160 gig disk, that will help us attack things in the line and higher end DVR market.
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Secondly, in terms of the CapEx reductions, can you provide some color on what is actually represented in the $150 million delta? Any specific examples of the types of process improvements or changes you were able to implement to reduce this capital spending level?
 Dave Wickersham: Sure Rich. The good news is, from our perspective, is it is across all areas. Frankly head, media and slider through drive. It again demonstrates some of the benefits that we are seeing as we both mature and ramp some of the new technologies. So when I think about the capital utilization, the improvement in OEE, the good news is that it is really across all segments, all portions of our capital equipment. So it did turn out to be roughly 60% slider through drive and the other 40% is in the component world.  Again, the good thing that we saw is the benefit of the improved focus and the benefits of the products and technologies across the board.
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Lastly, Bill, as you look into the next calendar year, there has been a lot of hammering about overall demand falling off a cliff. Any color you have on what you think the industry growth rate will really be, and what you have in your own internal planning; and how much of an effect, either positively or negatively, do you think Vista will be within that forecast?
Bill Watkins: Sounded more like a Brian question to me.
 Brian Dexheimer: Rich, let me take a stab at that. First I would point you to history and I would say pretty consistently we have seen a period of about three years here where we have seen high teens in year-on-year growth rate. And in fact, as I pointed out in the comments here, we saw 17% growth from September to September quarter in the one we just finished. I think it would be imprudent for us to think that kind of growth continues back into PC refresh cycles, et cetera. So our expectations going forward for year-on-year growth are slightly less aggressive than that, but still in the teens. So I don’t think it is a great deviation from past experience. Again, these are year-on-year growth rates. The effect of Vista is really a question that we, as you can appreciate, get asked quite often. We are currently planning that there is a little bit of demand shift from this quarter that we are in right now into the March quarter. If you picked up in my earlier comments the fact we expect about 115 million to 120 million units in December; you might note that sequentially, that is not a very aggressive growth rate, based on history. The primary reason for that is the shift of 2 million or 3 million units of desktop and notebook demand into that March quarter. Now if we are right about that, that will generally help the March quarter be a little stronger than normal, which typically is not too far off the December quarter. If we are wrong, then we will probably see some demand shift back towards us in quarter. It is a little too early to tell.
 Rich Kugele – Needham: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch.
 Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Two questions. First of all, it sounds like you are going to draw down inventories as you go through the rest of the fiscal year. So can we assume that the negative effects on your gross margin are included in the gross margin outlook that you just provided?
Charles Pope: Yes. Our adjustment to inventories is reflected in the outlook.
 Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Great. Secondly, just to further understand the pricing dynamics that you put in, you obviously are going to have a cost advantage in the second half of the year. Can you describe what kind of cost advantage you are going to have versus your competition in order to meet comp and still hold gross margins? Maybe just talk a little bit more specifically about which product areas that is going to come from the most?
 Dave Wickersham: Let me restate what we said which is, with the introduction of products frankly across all market segments, we are seeing cost benefits of that technology that we discussed with many of you back in June. So it is not specific to any one product and not specific to any one segment. We are basically refreshing to a large extent, across the board. So as those new products are phased in with higher density, higher yields and lower costs, you are going to see the benefit across the board.
 Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: This is correct that it does give you enough pricing flexibility where you think you can be aggressive in this type of environment and still hold margins?
Dave Wickersham: That's correct and in fact we believe that it gives the ability to respond to the market pricing and grow our margins during the back half of the year.
 Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys. Just a quick question on that the perpendicular transition. As you think about that over the next 12 months, how are you considering the risk of potentially needing to carry more inventory to manage some of the supply constraints? In particular you point to a tight supply of two precious metals in your 10-K that are required in greater amounts as you shift over to perpendicular?
Dave Wickersham: I think as far as continuity of supply, including the impact for precious metals, one that has been addressed and two to the extent there is increased cost of those precious metals for the introduction of perpendicular, it's already factored into the outlook that Charles talked about. So we really don’t see any other supply constraints in our ability to phase over. So now what we are doing is frankly working customer-by-customer to ensure that we have the proper amount of overlap between their current product in the phase in a perpendicular. Frankly, that’s no different than any other product transition that we go forward with.  So the perpendicular products have been well accepted as I said in the opening comments. We are very, very pleased with the maturity of the perpendicular from a component and a drive assembly and yield perspective. So again, I don’t want to say its business as usual, but frankly I don’t know a better way to describe it other than to say the transition really now has become business as usual, transitioning our customers over to perpendicular.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then just one quick follow up, sorry if I missed it, but what's your perception of where industry channel inventory stands at the end of September?
Brian Dexheimer: As we've reported, our inventory was pretty consistent with our model which has been less than five weeks for quite some time. The industry inventory outside of Seagate appears to be that or may be even slightly less as we exited September, so it was a rather healthy position as we came into this quarter.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: I guess I'm a little bit confused on your comments on the ASP declines this quarter. I think during your August call you said that you were planning for ASP declines on a like-for-like basis of 7% and it sounds like this quarter you saw 6%. So, I'm trying to reconcile that with your comments that maybe pricing was a point more aggressive than your plan or a point-and-a-half more aggressive than your plan heading into December?
Dave Wickersham: What we had indicated was that September quarter was largely in line with our expectations. As you stated, it's probably a little bit more moderate than the June quarter, but largely in line with our expectations, but was in excess of 6% price erosion on like-to-like basis in September.  We had expected a little bit of moderation, only above a half a point or so of moderation, of price decline in the December quarter. We are finding that it’s in fact closer to the 7% range and so we have in the December quarter about a point-and-a-half more price erosion than was built into our original plans that we gave everyone.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Does that suggest that ASP declines in December that you're planning for higher than 7% if it’s a point-and-a-half higher?
Dave Wickersham: The original December plans were about 5.5%.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: It sounds like from a lot of your comments that you guys are shipping higher capacity drives, on average, than the industry. I would assume that would help the overall blended ASP. But your ASPs were still down 5% in the quarter. How is that offsetting the ASP declines you are seeing? Are you also seeing very aggressive pricing on the high-cap drives?
Dave Wickersham: Well the pricing is pretty consist across all platforms, all our markets. It is probably a little bit more aggressive in the notebook, but when you sit and look at just the mathematical ASP, you know divide revenue by the number of units, there is a very big mix impact on that. And if you sat and look at the increase in desktop, notebook and the reduction in enterprise drives from the June quarter to the September quarter, that represents the biggest shift that you saw in the ASP declines.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So some of that is slower enterprise than the June quarter?
Dave Wickersham: That’s correct.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Miller - Brean Murray.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: The conference began with concerns about pricing, I was just a little puzzled here because I think Bill, you were talking about your expected normal dynamics to return and yet it seems like you know anything if pricing still going to be pretty aggressive December quarter. Maybe I'm taking these comments out of context, but what gives you the feeling things are going to settle down?
Bill Watkins: Well, you know again I think there is only so much losses -- I mean some of our competitors are going to report some pretty horrendous losses this quarter. So I think there is a sense of that, but right now we are planning on pretty aggressive pricing and what feel confident of is our ability to get rid of the old Maxtor products, which are beyond -- this is like a big anchor on us right now from a cost perspective -- and then the introduction of the new products that we think have significant cost reductions; and then obviously the access to the new market and 1.8 inch drives. So again, we look at those three things and our ability execute those three factors in an environment we feel that we can be very, very competitive and obviously deliver on the continued increase in earnings throughout the year.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: I think very recently that there has been some scuttlebutt about one of the share aggressors at the low-end of desktop maybe walking away from some business. Have you seen anything like that perhaps very recently?
Bill Watkins: You know, a lot of the OEM deals are cut in September. People were very aggressive in those OEM deals. Now I think, the channels seem to have moderated a little bit going through the month of October, We are going to wait and see. 
Brian Dexheimer: I think we have started to see some stops and starts relative to some of the behavior we had seen let’s say February through August. It’s not clear to me whether that’s been an intentional backing away of aggressiveness or whether there are some constraints on the supply chain that necessitated that to happen. But just to confirm some reports, we did see that, I would say it’s been on a very selective and regional basis.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Basically you were talking about fiscal '08 capital spending being down from '07. Is that still going to be the case maybe running 8% to 8.5% of your sales?
Dave Wickersham: I can tell you that it will be down certainly from the 1.15, I don’t want you to pin me down to a percentage yet, but it definitely will be down below 1 billion and consistent with the percent of revenue you described.
Mark Miller - Brean Murray: Thank you.
Bill Watkins: So, with that, thank you for joining on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-08-08 22:45:00) =====
Executives: William D. Watkins - President and CEO Brian Dexheimer - Executive Vice President - Worldwide Sales & Marketing Charles C. Pope - Executive Vice President and CFO Dave Wickersham - Executive Vice President and COO
Analysts:  Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs Keith Bachman - Banc of America Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners Rich Kugele - Needham & Company Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret & Company Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley
Operator:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology's fiscal fourth quarter and year end 2006 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  This conference call contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements related to the Company's future financial performance including the expected impacts from the acquisition and integration of Maxtor Corporation.  These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this conference call but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements.  Information concerning the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as contained in the Company's annual reports, on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1st, 2005; in the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28th, 2006; in the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1st, 2006; and in the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8th, 2006.  These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any subsequent dates. Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
William D. Watkins: Thanks, Derrick. Welcome and thank you for joining us. On the phone with me today are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing. Given the complexity of Seagate's financials, following the Maxtor acquisition, in particular the results of our fourth quarter which reflect six weeks of combined Seagate/Maxtor operations, I'll focus my remarks on what I believe are the most significant aspects of the 2006 fiscal year in total; for the fourth quarter specifically; and then offer a brief discussion of some key factors that will influence fiscal 2007.  Charles will follow with further details on our fiscal Q4 2006 financial performance, and then Brian will discuss products, markets and Maxtor revenue retention. Dave will update new program status and product transition and then Charles will come back to discuss fiscal 2007 and the Q1 outlook. In connection with the Maxtor acquisition, we incurred a number of accounting charges and other costs which impacted our earnings for the current quarter. During our call today we'll be able to provide additional insight into the components of these expenses to provide a clearer picture of the Company's expected performance in the future. Let me begin by saying that we're very pleased with our financial growth, operating performance and product execution for fiscal 2006. Another year of product leadership, consistently solid operational execution, and the ongoing escalation and the global demand for mass storage resulted in record annual operating performance for the year with a Seagate standalone annual revenue growth of nearly $1.5 billion and profits of over $1 billion. In addition to shipping a record 119 million units during the year, we reset the bar for industry-leading capacity in a number of product categories. With the introductions of the first 160 gigabyte notebook drive, the first 750 gigabyte 3 1/2 inch drive, the first 146 gigabyte 2 1/2 inch Enterprise drive and the first 300 gigabyte 15,000 RPM Enterprise drive, and the first 12 gigabyte 1 inch drive.  The records that were broken with those new products have all been set by Seagate. In addition, with our transition to perpendicular recording well underway, products based on this technology were available and delivered across all markets. Specific to the June quarter of fiscal 2006, our financial performance was very strong despite traditional seasonality and extremely competitive pricing in the low end desktop space that made that particular environment more challenging than we expected, as market share gains became the primary focus of a number of our competitors.  This quarter in particular was transitional as we closed the Maxtor acquisition and accelerated the integration activities that are bringing us closer to achieving the earnings model that will allow us to maximize value for our shareholders. After the first six weeks of our integration efforts we are confident that we will realize the synergies from our acquisition of Maxtor sooner than we originally anticipated. We're now targeting to have fully integrated Maxtor by the end of calendar year 2006. Looking to the year ahead, the industry environment remains dynamic. However, given the significant growth forecasts published by the independent market research organizations, we believe that Seagate will deliver very strong fiscal 2000 operating and financial performance consistent with the post acquisition model that we have shared. Our fiscal 2007 outlook is predicated on a continuing competitive price environment very similar to the June quarter and while we are aggressively restructuring Maxtor operations, Seagate will be impacted in the first half of the fiscal year by the cost of under-utilized capacity as we ramp-down Maxtor designed products and ramp-up Seagate designed products.  We expect the second half of our fiscal year will reflect the significant positive impact of our fully optimized cost structure, new product refreshes that include cost optimized products designed specifically for low cost applications, new market access with the 1.8-inch drives and the completion of the Maxtor integration. We believe the impact of these factors will result in a very strong second half of the fiscal year and we are managing the Company to increase earnings approximately 20% in fiscal year 2007 with a projection of non-GAAP net income of $1.2 billion, compared to the approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2006. In summary, fiscal 2006 was an outstanding year for Seagate and I believe our performance will stand out among the best in the technology industry. As we look ahead to fiscal 2007, I'm very encouraged by the current outlook for future growth. As evidence of our confidence in both the Company's growth prospects and that of the industry as a whole, Seagate today announced that the Company's Board of Directors has approved an additional $2.5 billion, two-year stock repurchase program. During fiscal year 2006 Seagate returned over $500 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases and quarterly dividends. Today's announcement reflects Seagate's continued focus on increasing shareholder returns. Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles to provide details on our financial performance during the quarter.
Charles C. Pope: Thank you, Bill. You will find the Company's press release, 8-K and additional financial information related to Seagate's financial performance along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and other supplemental information in the Investor Relations section of Seagate's website at Seagate.com.  Throughout my remarks I will be referring to specific sections of that supplemental financial information by slide number. Before I get into the detail of the financial results for the June quarter, it is important to understand that the reported results include only six weeks of Maxtor product revenue and related expenses. Any references I make in regard to combined Company performance, Maxtor product revenue, unit shipments or gross margins, unless otherwise noted, reflects only the six-week period.  Maxtor unit shipments between April 2 and May 19 need to be taken into account when analyzing the industry's performance and Seagate's revenue retention efforts. This information can be found on Slides 2 and 3 of the supplemental information material that is on our website. Seagate reported June quarter revenue of $2.53 billion, of which $2.25 billion was from Seagate products and $279 million was from Maxtor products. Unit shipments were 33.6 million, of which 29.3 million were Seagate products and 4.3 million were Maxtor products. GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share are $7 million and $0.01 respectively. On a pro forma Seagate standalone basis, excluding accounting charges, costs and tax effects directly related to the Maxtor acquisition of $146 million, Seagate's non-cash stock-based compensation of $17 million, and the $72 million loss for Maxtor operations, non-GAAP net income was $241 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. We last provided guidance for non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.46 to $0.49 for the June quarter on April 19th. This outlook did not and could not consider what impact, if any, closing the transaction in mid-quarter would have on Seagate's business or the stock buyback.  While it is difficult to compare our reported results for the June quarter to our guidance, the bottom line is that the Seagate standalone operating results achieved the internal plan. Increased enterprise and gaming shipments and effective operating expense management offset the softness in desktop demand and the more competitive desktop pricing. Non-GAAP gross margin for the combined Company in the June quarter was 19.4%. Slide 6 has the adjustments made to GAAP gross margin. Gross margin percent for Maxtor products was approximately negative 13%, reflecting an increasingly underutilized manufacturing infrastructure required to build Maxtor products. Gross margin percent for Seagate products was approximately 23.4%. The pricing environment across all markets during the June quarter was very competitive.  The notebook and enterprise markets, while generally in line with expectations, experienced price declines not seen during the previous four to five quarters. The desktop market experienced price declines somewhat more than expected, due to slightly softer demand and the continuing positioning for market share by our competitors attempting to influence the redistribution of Maxtor products market share. For Seagate products, average price declines on a like-for-like basis across all markets was approximately 7% as compared to approximately 5% in the March quarter. GAAP operating expenses composed of R&D, SG&A, and amortization of intangibles for the June quarter are $382 million. Excluding purchase accounting charges and other costs directly related to the Maxtor acquisition of $53 million and Seagate non-cash stock-based compensation of $11 million, non-GAAP operating expenses were $318 million. Further, adjusting out the operating expenses for Maxtor, the pro forma non-GAAP Seagate standalone operating expense would have been $283 million. Slide 7 has the detail for the adjustments made to the GAAP operating expenses. Other income and expense for the June quarter was $11 million of income compared to the March quarter of $24 million of income. The March quarter contained gains on an equity investment of $7 million and other periodic gains of $6 million. The fully diluted share count of 563 million reflects the issuance of Seagate's common shares to acquire Maxtor on May 19, 2006 and the offsetting stock buyback activity completed during the quarter. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.73 billion. On a combined basis, including the losses for Maxtor products and the underutilization of our manufacturing capacity, Seagate still generated cash from operations for the quarter of $162 million, and $1.5 billion for the fiscal year. Seagate made capital investments during fiscal year 2006 that totaled $1 billion. For fiscal 2007 we expect up to $1.3 billion in capital investment will be required. The capital spending is to support the continued growth and market-leading operating margins Seagate enjoys and to complete the integration of Maxtor into our operations. When we announced the acquisition of Maxtor, we estimated that up to $500 million of restructuring expenses would be required to fully integrate Maxtor. As we enter fiscal 2007, much of this expense is still in front of us and we are confident that the total cash expenditures related to the Maxtor acquisition will not exceed $500 million. Reported inventory is $891 million with approximately $637 million related to Seagate products and $254 million for Maxtor products. The Seagate product inventory increased from the prior quarter by $88 million with almost the entire increase reflected in finished goods. Seagate's standalone inventory turns decreased to 10.9. The management team of Seagate is not satisfied with the recent trend in inventory turns and has specific plans to improve turns into the 12 to 14 range. That concludes my detailed comments regarding the June quarter's financial results. Now I'll hand the call off to Brian for his comments.
Brian Dexheimer : Thanks, Charles. To help provide a clear year-over-year picture of the market, I want to note that in contrast to the comparisons in Charles' remarks, all sold unit statements and comparisons in my remarks include the full quarter of Maxtor shipments. Detail and unit shipments can be found on Slide 2 and 3 of the supplemental information on Seagate.com. Echoing some of Bill's statements, fiscal 2006 was an excellent year for Seagate. The industry continued its strong growth trend as the demand for pure capacity in units reached record levels. With the industry shipping over 42,000 pedabytes, a 50% increase over fiscal 2005, all markets benefited from this growth pattern and Seagate's broad participation and product leadership drove record financial performance in unit shipment growth of 24 million units to 122 million for the year. Seagate standalone shipments were a record 114 million units for the year. In the quarter just ended, the industry experienced typical seasonal patterns across most markets. Seagate retained its overall leadership position shipping over 37 million drives including the full quarter Maxtor results, and maintained our lead in three of the four major markets, while for the first time moving into the number two share spot during the quarter for all 2.5 inch drives shipped. Now I'll give some more detail on the individual markets. Starting with mobile computing, this space remained a very strong driver of growth for Seagate during the quarter and the fiscal year. There was some seasonality in this space but Seagate continued to grow faster than the market shipping 3.4 million units, an increase of 67% year-over-year.  For the fiscal year, Seagate shipments in this space grew to 12.5 million units from 5.7 million in fiscal '05. Further, our technology leadership in this space allowed Seagate to increase its average gigabyte per drives shipped to over 70 gigabytes, 15% greater than the industry average. Our industry-leading 5400 RPM 160 gigabyte notebook drive is now qualified as four notebook manufacturers and we expect to complete another ten qualifications during the September quarter as we continue to ramp production. Looking forward, we expect overall notebook demand for the September quarter to be seasonal and better than the June quarter. In the consumer electronics market, Seagate gained share during the quarter, shipping 6.5 million units, up 10% sequentially with Maxtor March quarter results included. Seagate standalone shipment for the quarter were 5.5 million units.  Particularly strong during the quarter were shipments into the gaming console market. Also shipments into DVR applications grew to 3.4 million drives and we're pleased with our revenue retention in the CE space relative to our goals. Also in this space, the launch of our 750 gigabyte DB35 platform was well received and is under full qualification for select, high definition recorders planned for later in the year. In addition, demand in 1 inch applications for consumer electronics contributed 400,000 units for the quarter.  On the new product front for consumer electronics, we announced our first 1.8-inch drive during the June quarter, targeted at personal media players, digital video cameras, and other portable devices. There is a tremendous opportunity in this market as we have seen the market for this class of device grow 70% year-over-year and we believe it will grow 40% in the coming year. The drive is on track to begin shipments at the end of the December quarter.  We expect overall growth in the CE space in the September quarter, with particular emphasis on the sequential growth in the game console shipments as manufacturers gear up production for the traditionally strong holiday season.  Demand in the enterprise space was in line with expectations and shipments reached 4.5 million units. Seagate standalone shipments in this space were 3.95 million units and revenue retention in this space was within our targeted levels. Including Maxtor shipments in the June and comparable March quarter, sequential shipments were flat.  Our investments in perpendicular technology are coming closer to harvest in the enterprise segment as this quarter drove significant customer qualification activity on our new products. These products span not only the classic enterprise markets with a 300 gigabyte 15K.5, but also the industry's first 750 gigabyte product designed for the rapidly growing tiered storage market.  Lastly, the market infrastructure continues to evolve nicely to support server consolidation and space optimization around Enterprise class 2.5 inch drives. This was evident in the 20% growth in shipments we saw in this space sequentially. We expect overall enterprise demand in the September quarter to be flat to slightly less than that of June.  In the desktop computer market we maintained our leadership position by shipping 23 million units. CE standalone shipments were 16.5 million units. Revenue retention in this space is slightly below our expectations as throughout the quarter we saw willingness from our competition to secure additional OEM share on aggressive terms, particularly at the low end of the product line.  Our product mix continued to improve as shipments of products 200 gigabytes and greater exceeded the industry average as a percent of volume for the first time. During the quarter, we began shipping in volume the industry's only 750 gigabyte desktop drive which is our first PC drive utilizing perpendicular recording. In global distribution channels, overall the industry experienced slightly less than planned sell-through demand in the June timeframe due to anticipated price changes in processors. However, inventory levels for Seagate product at the quarter end were at our target five weeks. For the September quarter we expect to see a normal seasonal demand increase in the desktop space. Finally, in the seasonally lower quarter, our Seagate and Maxtor branded solutions revenue was slightly down sequentially. We're pleased with our revenue retention in this space and believe the Maxtor brand is a valuable asset in this fast growing space and we intend to continue to offer the full range of Maxtor branded products to consumers globally on a long term basis.  Combining the Seagate and Maxtor branded solutions product lines delivers the industry's largest footprint in this space. We see very encouraging trends for growth in attached and networked home and small business storage solutions. We believe this business will continue to be a significant contributor to Company revenue and is a strategic growth area going forward. In the near term, we're focused on retaining Maxtor revenue and seamlessly transitioning Maxtor customers to Seagate products as quickly as possible. Looking ahead, we see signs of a very strong fiscal 2007 as industry growth trends continue across all markets.  From a product standpoint, we believe we can continue to be the best positioned and with products such as our new 1.8-inch drive, we now have the opportunities in spaces in which we previously did not participate. Additionally, the Maxtor acquisition has opened doors into new customers and more than doubled our branded solutions business. Now I will like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our operations and the acquisition.
Dave Wickersham : Thank you, Brian. I would like to start by providing an update relative to the Maxtor integration and product transition. Overall, the ramp down of Maxtor products and the transition to Seagate products and processes is proceeding very well. We remain focused on customer requirement, continuity of supply, and the consolidation and optimization of manufacturing capacity. We are on track to complete the transition from Maxtor-designed products to Seagate products by December 2006, ahead of our original plans. With these product transition plans in place, we are moving quickly to rationalize manufacturing and production capacity. During this period of transition, operating and financial metrics are challenged due to the inefficient use of the manufacturing infrastructure that is required to support the Maxtor-designed products as they ramp down in volume and the upfront investment needed for capacity additions to support the ramp-up of Seagate designed products. With regard to staffing, workforce reductions have continued since the transaction closed in late May, as we address the redundancies that exist between the two companies. The balance of the workforce reductions will be implemented based on product transition, customer support and administrative requirement. Keep in mind that the Maxtor acquisition provided us with access to some very talented personnel in branded solutions, R&D and other key functional areas and they are being integrated into Seagate as quickly as possible. Looking at our transition to perpendicular recording, Seagate's technology leadership is clearly evident in our first-to-market position for perpendicular recording disc drives across all product platforms. During the June quarter, we shipped products based on perpendicular recordings into each of the major markets: desktop, notebook, enterprise and consumer electronics.  To highlight our progress to date, we shipped approximately 700,000 units of perpendicular 3.5-inch, 7200 RPM ATA drive which happens to address applications across multiple markets. Of those 700,000 units, approximately 100,000 were 750 gigabyte capacity points.  While to date the total number of drives shipped with perpendicular recording is relatively small, we are tracking to our internal plan which is to have in excess of 50% of all drives shipped a year from now based on perpendicular recording. Regarding media supply, based on our recent review of industry capacity and demand, we believe there is adequate finished media capacity planned or in place to meet industry demand. We do continue to see tightness in glass substrate supply through September, and this could result in spot shortages during this quarter. Aluminum substrates remain at very high capacity utilization and appear very tight through December. In Seagate's case, our internal and external supply of substrates and finished media is sufficient to meet our requirements. We previously indicated that with the combined Seagate and Maxtor external media supply agreement and Seagate's internal manufacturing capacity, we are in a position to relocate the mass media process equipment to Asia at this time. A defined plan is now in place and Seagate will expand media production in Singapore near our current media facility. We expect that we'll require approximately 18 months to relocate the process equipment and initiate production at the new site. Now I would like to turn the call over to Charles to provide our outlook for the current quarter and the fiscal year.
Charles C. Pope: Thank you, Dave. The outlook for fiscal year 2007 reflects a number of important characteristics. First, the pricing environment is expected to be very competitive, similar to the just-completed June quarter.  Second, during the first half of the fiscal year there will be underutilized manufacturing capacity during the ramp-down of Maxtor products and the corresponding ramp-up of Seagate products. This is a temporary situation which impacts gross margins and operating expenses, and we expect to be at or near the optimum level of capacity utilization and associated supporting operating expenses when we exit the December quarter. Third, new products at lower cost structures introduced during the fiscal year will improve gross margins and profitability.  Finally, Seagate will access new revenue opportunities, expanding its market coverage to virtually 100% of the global hard drive market with our new 1.8-inch products. With that backdrop, let me start with the fiscal year 2007 outlook. The Company expects consolidated revenue to be in the range of $11.8 billion to $12.3 billion. Operating expenses, including the ramp-down of Maxtor and excluding purchase accounting charges and other costs directly related to the acquisition of Maxtor, is expected to be $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. The tax rate we are using for all of fiscal year 2007 is 10%. The 10% tax rate is an estimate at this time as we are still working through and understanding the impact of the Maxtor acquisition. We expect to have a good idea of where the rate will end up by the time we report our September quarter financial results. Not including the potential impact of share repurchases, average diluted outstanding shares are expected to be approximately 613 million. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2007 is expected to be in the range of $1.90 to $2 per share.  Including the estimated purchase accounting charges and other costs directly related to the acquisition and including Maxtor's operations, GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $1.58 to $1.68 per share. For the September quarter, revenue is expected to be between $2.65 billion and $2.8 billion with approximately $400 million from Maxtor-designed products. As mentioned, gross margins will be impacted by underutilized manufacturing capacity as we accelerate the ramp-down of Maxtor-designed products and invest for the ramp-up of Seagate products. In aggregate, Maxtor-designed products are expected to have zero gross margins, excluding purchase accounting charges and other costs related to the acquisition. Seagate product margins on average are expected to be 21% to 22%, again excluding purchase accounting charges and other related acquisition costs.  Operating expenses excluding purchase accounting charges and other related acquisition costs is expected to be around $400 million. Other income and expense and income taxes are expected to net out to zero. Diluted outstanding shares are expected to be approximately 610 million. Accordingly, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the September quarter is expected to be $0.16 to $0.20. Including the estimated purchase accounting charges and other acquisition-related costs, and including Maxtor's operations, GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be $0.04 to $0.08. Again, none of these estimates include the impact of potential repurchases of common shares during the quarter. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, I would like to emphasize that the management's view of the accretive impact of the Maxtor acquisition is still the same as when we announced the transaction. While there is certainly short-term dilution associated with the Maxtor acquisition, we are excited about the opportunities this acquisition provides as we complete the transition to Seagate-designed products and we expect to post improving financial results throughout the fiscal year. That concludes my remarks and I will now turn the call back over to Bill.
William D. Watkins: Thank you, Charles. This was a tremendous year for Seagate and for the industry. I'm proud of our employees around the world for meeting our challenges and achieving our goals. On behalf of the entire management team, I extend our gratitude for their efforts. I would also like to acknowledge the Maxtor team for their hard work, professionalism and support during the integration process. With that, operator, we're willing and ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys. A couple of questions, if I might. Charles, this is probably mostly for you to start with here. In the current quarter, Maxtor's gross margin was 13%, you guided for zero. Then I look at Seagate's gross margins in the current quarter around 23% and that's down to 21% to 22%. Can you maybe help me bridge that a little bit?
Charles C. Pope: Well, first in the current quarter Maxtor’s was a negative 13%.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Correct. I'm sorry. The improvement from negative 13% to zero.
Charles C. Pope: Well a large part of the improvement from negative 13% to zero was a purchase accounting impact where at the time that we closed the books we had to restate all the inventories to fair market value; so essentially the cost of the product is what you're selling it for. That's having some effect there.  We, in fact, had to write system of those inventories down in order to accomplish that or they would have been negative again.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: So Charles just to be clear then, excluding that writedown and purchase accounting, Maxtor's gross margins would have been about zero at that point?
Charles C. Pope: No, if we had not written the inventories down in the September quarter the gross margins would have again been negative.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: I see. Okay. Can you help me bridge the gap on Seagate's gross margins going down sequentially 100 to 200 basis points?
Charles C. Pope: Sure, I'll try to do that. If you take a look there's several factors that are going on. One factor is the underutilization that we talked about during the call of ramping up Seagate facilities to increase volume but not being effectively utilized at this point in time. That's under 1% of the gross margin decline. I estimated that at one time and it was 70 basis points of that decline.  If you take a look at another piece of it, we have a higher percentage of our products in the September quarter being consumer electronics gaming units which carry gross margins that are less than the Company average. That's 30 to 50 basis points, and then the rest of it is just continuing to see an aggressive pricing environment that we saw during the June quarter.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Also trying to bridge the guidance you gave at the Analyst Day to full year guidance for fiscal '07, if memory serves, the 10% tax rate that you're talking about now, I think that's different than what you were talking about at the Analyst Day; is that correct?
Charles C. Pope: Well, at the Analyst Day I used the same 5% estimate that I used through fiscal 2006 and it indicated that we really had not had an opportunity to look at how we might integrate Maxtor and what effect that might have on the ongoing tax rate. We're still in the process of doing that. As we take a look at it we see that there's some decisions that we might be better off making that could have the impact of increasing our tax rate in the short term but giving us a better long-term optimized tax rate. So we still have some decisions that we need to make in that arena between now and the end of September.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Last question and I'll cede the floor, is coming back to the jump up in finished goods inventory. It's still much higher than I would like to see, so could you help us a little bit with the composition of finished goods in terms of how much of that is demand-related that you held on to, because demand was weaker than expected versus building to bridge transitions? Thanks.
Charles C. Pope: Why don't I have Dave answer that?
Dave Wickersham : The vast majority of it was finished goods that we had positioned for upside that frankly did not materialize and we did not have the opportunity to shut that off. So the vast majority again was related to softness in demand and to some extent positioning for July. But frankly really for upside it did not materialize.  To a much lesser extent there was some mix changes, lower mix at the end of the quarter, that resulted in some of those finished goods even being a higher capacity configuration than what we normally carry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs.
 Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Yes, a few questions. Maybe you can go to over the specifics of exactly what changed point by point since the Analyst Day in June to cause you to change your fiscal '07 earnings expectations by about $0.20, even though you're leaving revenue targets unchanged? Is it primarily pricing? I know you said that you're accelerating the cut over to Maxtor but some of that underutilization was expected and I would assume that the CE business also was expected in the September quarter, so it really comes down to a little bit of the cutover in pricing.  Also, if you can comment on that, it seems like most of the variance in your fiscal '07 earnings targets come in at the September quarter. First of all, is this correct? Second, what has happened in your core business with the acquisition or in a macro environment to make you so much more conservative? Then I have a third question after those two.
Charles C. Pope: Let me start off with the backside, because I think that responding to Harry's question really talked about the factors relative to the September quarter and the 21% to 22% gross margin and what that impact was.  On the Analyst Day, if I remember correctly and I'll try not to sound defensive as answer this, I went to great lengths to indicate that that what we were presenting was a model and that it did not include the impact of any dilution or anything else that we were going through. In fact, I got chided a little bit by a few people for repeating that it was a model, frequently.  So as I tend to look at it, really I do think we have a little more dilution in the first half of the year than what I was anticipating at the June Analyst Day. If we sat and looked at the overhead drag that is associated with the Maxtor ramp-down and then us ramping capacity up to transition the products, there is more dilution than I had expected.  But then also in the first half of the year we're also seeing a little more aggressive pricing than I had anticipated also. Those are the two biggest changes, but the dilution was always expected in the first half of the year and then to have a very strong back half. That’s really what's reflected.  As you sit and look at what we're modeling while we've only given September quarter guidance and annual guidance, it shows meaningful improvement from September to December, but then also a large step-up again in the March quarter and then flattening out in the June quarter so that it does show continuing improvement as we go through the Maxtor transition and get out of under utilized capacity and have some of the new product introductions.  I think I may have missed one of your points.
 Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: I'm not sure which one, I know there was one. I'll get back to it. Your September quarter rev targets are up only 5% to 11% sequentially with a full quarter of Maxtor versus only six weeks in the June quarter, which is less than what we've seen in the past on a standalone basis in the September quarter.  So again, it's really more the standalone business that seems to be somewhat perplexing. It feels like there's a real demand statement being made here too.
Charles C. Pope: Brian, perhaps it would be good for you to address the revenue side.
Brian Dexheimer : Let me give you a little color on what we expect in the September quarter. At this point we're not expecting to see more than about 7% or 8% total unit growth across the entire market. Now, some segments we think will grow faster than others namely consumer electronics and notebooks should be ahead of that rate but we do expect to see relatively minor increases in the pure desktop space. As I noted earlier, the Enterprise to be flat to maybe slightly down on a unit basis. So if we're only going see 7% or 8% unit growth sequentially depending on what price erosion is, it's going to give us a relatively moderate outlook on the base revenue.  So I think that may be what you're trying to get at, and I think given the demand environment we see in front of us right now, that's the best case scenario that we can put together as we look into the September quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Bachman with Banc of America.
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America: I wanted to touch on a couple of things, to follow Laura, if I could. I did not catch your comment on what you expect in the desktop in the September quarter. Then, also related, what is your sense on -- when you said enterprise is flat to down, that surprised me as well. Could you just add a little color? Then I have a follow-up, please.
Brian Dexheimer : Desktop will be slightly below that 7% or 8%, is what our current expectation is. I think the way to think about that is the transition to notebooks. A lot of the growth you would normally see in the sequential quarter from June to September, as time moves on and the successive years move on, we are seeing more of that growth go to the notebook side.  We do think notebook is going to grow 15% to 20% sequentially but correspondingly, you will not see that kind of growth in the desktop space. We are in the mid-single digits sequentially for June to September on desktop.  On enterprise, I do not want to overstate that one too much. The industry has been quite strong for several quarters in a row. All I am trying to reflect is the fact that for three quarters in a row, we have seen demand be relatively flat on a unit basis, so somewhere between -- let's call it 6.5 million and 6.8 million units a quarter in a classic, mission-critical space, that is sort of the range we see it again -- no great changes.  We have been through seasonality periods in this past year and it does not appear that seasonality is having a big effect on the mission-critical space, so we are just setting our expectations around that.  I do not think there is anymore insight to add for you than that.
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America: On the gross margin side, if I go through the various forces that impacted the gross margin commentary around the September quarter for the Seagate standalone business, it seems like most of those are permanent, or at least in this pricing environment would be permanent. Rather, you may have some improvements in the utilization rates, which I think, Charles, you said would maybe move up 70 basis points or so.  Why aren't some of those things -- why won't Seagate be living with those things on a more permanent basis? I have one more, and then I will cede the floor. 
William D. Watkins: We got a couple of things here. First, as we said, as we get better utilization of our manufacturing capacity, we will get cost reductions there.  Second point is we actually have a slew of new products, some of which are coming out that have nothing to do but cost reductions, where we think that, with these new products, especially in the desktop and the low-end of the desktop, these new cost-reduction products will again get us back to a better margin in that space.  Then, obviously, the access that we have now to the 1.8 market, later in the year will give us an opportunity to get a better gross margin.
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America: So, in other words, would you expect a material increase in gross margin in the December quarter?
William D. Watkins: We would expect in the back-half of the year. I think as we had stated…
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America: Well, September is in the back-half of the year, too.
William D. Watkins: Well, for our fiscal year. We would look forward to expand the March-June quarter.
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America: Final one I have then is on the $1.3 billion in cap-ex. As I recall, that was a consistent number. Could you just confirm that for us?
Charles C. Pope: That is a consistent number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I just wanted to go a little bit into some of the things you excluded from the number. It looks like, if I look at it, in the non-GAAP number, you are excluding $17 million of stock-based compensation. Is that typical stock compensation that you would normally see, or is that something related to the Maxtor deal?
Charles C. Pope: That is typical. During 2006, since that was our first year to incorporate FAS-123R, we had always given our guidance excluding the stock compensation, and so that was the comparable number to what we have given in each of the previous quarters.  I should note that in our guidance for 2007, we in fact included the stock compensation, because now we have year-over-year comparability on that.
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: So if I include that number, it looks like the number is not $0.30, it is more like $0.27 including the stock option compensation. Is that right?
Charles C. Pope: I will trust your math. 
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then Brian, when you talked about the 3.4 million PVR drive, does that include Maxtor, and does that include a full quarter of Maxtor, or is that half a quarter of Maxtor?
Brian Dexheimer : It is full quarter of Maxtor.
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Do you know what the number is with just six weeks?
Brian Dexheimer : No, I do not, not off the top of my head.
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: What was the X-Box number, the 2.5 inch CE?
Brian Dexheimer : We have not recorded that separately, but you can kind of get there. I gave you the 1-inch number and the DVR numbers and the total CE numbers, so the math is all there. 
 Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Right, okay. That is it. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz with JP Morgan.
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Thank you. Just a few questions, if I may. First, I want to get back to the inventory build on the finished goods side, if I could. Can you give us a little more color in terms of what the higher capacity mix was that you were planning for up-side on but did not get? Is that for desktop class drives for PC’s or for PVR DVR’s?
Dave Wickersham : Mark, this is Dave, let me take that, just to clarify. The up-side that we anticipated were both on the desktop and the notebook side, so it was a combination of the two segments, and what I meant was that at the end of the quarter, we saw a higher percentage of very low capacity drives, demand for very low capacity drives. Some of the richer mix that we carried in inventory was for the higher capacity desktop and PVR DVR drives.
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Dave, as follow-up, how should we think about that change going into the September quarter? Is that a function more of what is going on in PCs in terms of a price war where they are trying to save any dollars they can, so they are shipping lower capacity drives, or is that a function more of your competition coming at you with more aggressive pricing from a disc drive perspective?
Dave Wickersham : Mark, I guess I will simplify it and say it is on the inventory turn and the impact of Seagate perspective. We had a lot of variables going on in terms of positioning for potential share shift for Maxtor, but at the end of the day, we did not react quickly enough to reductions in demand.  Those are some of the changes we made, both in terms of process and executive changes and focus going forward.  The other thing I would like to comment on is, as you think about this going forward, Charles mentioned 12 to 14 turnover performance going forward. The difference between those two numbers is simply given the increase in the fuel charges for air shipments, we are looking at where it makes sense to, where we have capacity, there are certainly a large number of drives that we can now afford to use ocean shipment.  To the extent we in a quarter can use those ocean shipments like we expect to do this quarter, our turns will be close to 12 per quarter. If in a quarter where we do not have the ability to use ocean shipments, it will be closer to 14. 
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Just to try to paraphrase, so should we think about an appetite change here from a capacity perspective or not, from the perspective of the PC OEM’s on the capacity side?
Brian Dexheimer : I think the reality is that in the desktop space, we see, and it has been pretty consistent, 50% to 60% of the demand of the pure desktop OEM’s is going to be in that single-disc space. Markedly, right now, it is 80-gigabyte and below fits that parameter.  That is not a change from where it has been historically, so I would not want you to read that we have seen a fundamental shift in PC demand here. I think what we have here is a disconnect between planning and actuals that is relatively unique to Seagate. 
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Thanks for that clarity there. Then I have a question for Charles, getting back to the dilution for the September quarter. I do not want to get too cute here with my loaded question, but at least in my meager model, I was looking for about $0.17 to $0.18 dilution versus the standalone operations, and other folks were plus or minus that.  It looks like your dilution is going to be significantly above what I was expecting, and you are still telegraphing a tailing off of that rather quickly, once you get the ramp down in Maxtor and the ramp up in the Seagate aspects.  Getting back to Laura’s question, can you give us a sense in terms of how we should think of this December quarter in terms of that trailing off? How much of it is still going to be there from pricing versus the integration of Maxtor?
Charles C. Pope: Without going too far down the road, I would expect somewhere between 100 and 150 basis point improvement in the December quarter. Then, the bigger improvements would be in the back-half of our fiscal year, as we see some of the newer cost-optimized products coming out because, as was said earlier by someone on the call, the pricing aspect is not something you get back. The factory under-utilization you can get back, and some of the mix issues where gaming and other, those go away, depending on seasonality, but the pricing does not go way.  We would expect to see something between 100 and 150 basis point improvement in December, basically from asset utilization. Then, as we roll out the cost-optimized products during the year, we feel like we can be strongly back in the model that we have presented historically.
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Then, just lastly before I cede the floor, I want to get a sense of where you are internally with respect to evaluating your manufacturing yields on some of your advanced technologies, in terms of 160-LMR and the 80-gig PMR, if you could.
Dave Wickersham : Let me take that one. Suffice it to say that both in the case of a longitudinal yield, as well as what we are seeing on perpendicular, we are at or above what we expected in our plan.
 Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, two questions. First of all, can you give anymore commentary around how you would proceed with the stock buyback, besides obviously you are going to be opportunistic, but is there a consistent plan you plan to use over the next couple of years?
Charles C. Pope: No, I do not think I can give much more color. I would expect to utilize the tools available to us -- 10B51's and other types of tools available to us, but it would more than likely be opportunistic versus a tender, or other type of mechanisms that are available.
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Secondly, I am not quite sure I am clear why, when you look out the next couple of quarters, you are more optimistic about the competitive environment, since it surprised you negatively. It sounds like it is still going to be marginally worse this quarter.  Is there something that you see over the next couple of quarters that will straighten that out, besides just higher unit volumes? What else would we be factoring in there to see pricing ease?
Charles C. Pope: Actually, as I said earlier, we are continuing the competitive pricing that we came out with in June. We actually in our plan are assuming that what happened in June will continue throughout this year. Again, we think on the competitive front, it is going to be very aggressive.  What our plan then is obviously our ability to bring new products that have lower cost structure. We think that will obviously help, and do that faster than the price drops are.  The second point is again, given our capacity, or utilization for capacity, and through the Maxtor acquisition completed, that again gives us the ability to go to a lower cost structure. Obviously, the new markets that we are going to start to see in the 1.8-inch at the end of the year.  Again, I think we look at the competitive factors right now and we think basically in our planning, they are going to be as aggressive over the next four quarters as they were in June. Assuming that, then we are going the take control of our destiny with product cost reductions and utilization.
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Then lastly, on the inventories versus the gross margin -- are you assuming there is some low utilization in this quarter as you work off some excess inventories? How is the utilization going to be affected by the higher inventories at the end of last quarter?
Dave Wickersham : As Charles mentioned, for this quarter we are going to see under-utilization, particularly as we transition out of Maxtor Singapore facility and start to ramp both Maxtor and Seagate in Suzhou, so there is an impact in the September quarter for under-utilization, and Charles talked about that earlier.
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: So that includes the inventory impact from last quarter?
Dave Wickersham : Correct. 
Charles C. Pope: It really does, because it is all wrapped up in that transition. If you sit and look at Seagate's products, we are continuing the transition to Maxtor, so we are not having to really slow down Seagate production in order to hit the inventory levels.  The transition is taking care of that, so it is the natural ramp-down of Maxtor and ramp-up of Seagate.
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners.
 Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: I have a few questions. I did not hear you say the gross margin target for the full '07 year, so if you could give us that.  Then also, at the analyst day, you had given some kind of fiscal ’08 type of numbers. Any substantial change to the thinking there? It does sound like you are for the most part saying that most of these decreases from '07 are in the first-half of the year. Then I have a follow-up.
Charles C. Pope: If memory serves me correctly, the average for the year is 23% to 24% in the fiscal '07. If you sat and looked at how the Q3, Q4 roll into fiscal '08, it would be very consistent with what the preview was of what the fiscal '08 opportunity was that was presented at the analyst day.
William D. Watkins: Again, I guess the other issue would be, can our competitors sustain this sort of continued price reduction? You know, you look at some of the results of some of our competitors already for June, and my belief is they will not continue that for the next two years. 
 Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: That was actually my follow-up question. Let me play the other side here, and a lot of the other people asking questions. The June quarter is always your worst pricing quarter. You also had pretty clear land grab, if you will, from your competitors trying to get some of that Maxtor market share, and you had clearly end-of-life in products that are going on now, which is obviously, I would imagine, impacting pricing across the industry.  All those things actually do go away. Why would you expect pricing to stay as aggressive this quarter, given we are going to seasonally stronger periods of the year?
William D. Watkins: Again, first, there was no reason to do what they did last quarter, so it is hard for me to assume.  I do believe some people, profitability is not their concern, and looking obviously at some of the results, you can see that.  Again, I do not believe people are going to do it for two years, but I think it is prudent for us to assume, and we need to prepare ourselves internally at Seagate to be able to meet these cost reductions on a quarter by quarter basis. 
 Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: One final thing on the share buyback. If you just look at your cash on hand and projected free cash flow, you pretty much get to around $2.5 billion. What expectation will we have that you would do all that? Or would you even consider borrowing money to do share buybacks?
William D. Watkins: As we said, we would look at a number of different financing alternatives, including alternatives to just using cash on hand. Those plans are not in place. As they materialize, we will get back with everyone as to what they are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kugele with Needham & Company.
 Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Thank you. Just a couple real quick ones.  First, Charles, in terms of the buyback, is this something you actually, if you wanted to, could start tomorrow?  Then secondly, more conceptually about product trips. Historically, players were able to -- whoever was able to get to the next aerial density point first was afforded extra margin, extra profitability, and also a buffer to prevent other competitors who were just going to try and be price aggressive to keep their share.  You had a buffer there on a gross margin side. This does not seem to be the case this time on the 160, and I am just interested as to if that is true and why. 
Charles C. Pope: To be honest, on the cost, what is interesting about what is going on, a lot of the pressure is at the 80-gigabyte desktop and below. Actually, one specific part of the 250-gigabyte market, but it is very specific to low-end desktop.  A little bit in the notebook, but that is more of an expected price drop, but it has been very aggressive at these 80-gigabytes and below type markets, which is basically the highest volume part too, so the market share grab for that makes us kind of curious why people want to grab market share at products they cannot make money on. 
Dave Wickersham : Rich, to be explicit in answering that question, we have actually had some of the margin lift in the 160. We had expected six months ago to see some plateau-ing of the price reductions in the 80-gigabyte and below capacity points. There has not been that plateau-ing at all. In fact, in the last quarter we saw some accelerated price erosions in that space.  I think your analysis is still basically intact, but it is being offset by some other capacity points and everything.  Back to the share repurchase, I guess in about three days, we typically have 48 to 72 hours to allow markets to digest our news and everything, so theoretically in 72 hours, I could be in the market on the share repurchase, if we chose to.
 Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: Then just lastly, Dave, regarding media, you had commented that you are now talking about another Singapore facility. I guess, for lack of a better name, we will just call it Woodlands III or something. Do you still expect that facility to be online in the December '07 timeframe? Then it will be 2008 before you are in this 10% to 15% supply mode?
Dave Wickersham : First on the timing -- and I think Woodlands III is appropriate, given that is one of the reasons we chose it, was to take advantage of some of the synergy and the resources and the talent that we have in Singapore, so thanks for naming that, Rich, it is appropriate.  Timing-wise, what you said also is accurate. We do not anticipate having any production before December of '07. What I said earlier, I referred to sometime in the first-half of the calendar year it would be qualified and in production.  Without pinning me down too specifically, it again will not be before the end of the calendar year, because we have both the ability to continue to add capacity in Woodlands II, both the third and fourth floor, and then with our external partners, we have it covered. We do not need to do anything earlier. First half of calendar '08 is appropriate.  As far as our model in terms of the percentage of external, we continue to look at 10% to 15% is what we believe is appropriate. We are at the high-end of that, just in the June quarter. Looking forward, and for the next couple of years, we continue to look at 10% to 15% on the outside.
 Rich Kugele - Needham & Company: The number of tools that you took over from Maxtor of the older 250B’s, do you anticipate rolling all of them into Woodlands III? Or do you think they will be kind of floors? I would imagine the facility will look a lot like Woodlands II. 
William D. Watkins: Right. The first question, the answer is yes, we do at this point in time plan on moving all of that sputtering equipment eventually to Singapore. Right now, our plan is that we would not move that into the Woodlands II but would move that into Woodlands III. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Miller with Brean Murray, Carret & Company.
 Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret & Company: I would like to follow-up on what Rich was just talking about. Is there a possibility that you might be retrofitting some of your MP3 decoders for Woodlands III?
William D. Watkins: That is not the plan. Right now, the plan is that we would maintain capacity for the foreseeable future, exactly the capacity it is at. Then, all of the future expansion would be in Woodlands II and then eventually moving the Max media equipment into Woodlands III. 
 Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret & Company: Okay. Shifting gears here, no one talked about that there is some concern about a slow-down at the end of year. You are talking about a 7% or 8% increase in units. That seems to be in the middle of the range. That is not great, that is not terrible. Is there anything now that you did not see three months ago about maybe lowering your unit projections for the second-half of this calendar year?
Brian Dexheimer : Just as to margins, the answer is no, we do not see anything different. We would be accused of having our head in the sand if we did not pay attention to some of the announcements of some of our customers and other technology providers here in the last several weeks.  To some extent, we are reacting to that and believe that they have as good, or maybe in some cases, a better view of the market place, so we are trying to act accordingly as we put our plans together.  I would say, in terms of fundamental shifts, the answer is no.
 Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret & Company: Finally, is the reduction of Maxtor inventory following your plan? Are you ahead of that or behind that? How is that going in terms of winding down their inventory?
William D. Watkins: Mark, the first piece as far as transitioning to Seagate products, as we mentioned from a build perspective, we are significantly ahead of plan. In terms of winding down the inventory, likewise. We hope to have that completed by the end of this calendar year.
 Mark Miller - Brean Murray, Carret & Company: Thank you.
William D. Watkins: Derek, let’s take one more question, okay?
Operator: Yes, sir. Your final question comes from Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, guys. Dave, you commented that glass would be tight through September. Does that mean we could see some loosening of supply as we go into year-end?
Dave Wickersham : On glass, what we looked at is just the seasonality that we anticipate reductions in March with the planned capacity adds. We think it is tight all through December of this year, and then, based on our predicted capacity from an industry standpoint, we saw some, I will call it, better utilization numbers beginning in March.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: How far along are you in customer qualifications on the 1.8-inch drive?
Dave Wickersham : We have not started. The 1.8-inch, as mentioned earlier, the initial shipments for volume production will be at the end of this calendar year.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Does that mean we could see product with your 1.8-inch drives by December, or does that mean 2007?
Dave Wickersham : That would mean 2007. You would begin to see some benefit of that in the March quarter of 2007.
William D. Watkins: All right. I think that concludes our call. Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the Seagate Technologies fiscal fourth quarter and year-end 2006 financial results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William D. Watkins, President and CEO   Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales & Marketing   Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO   Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO
Analysts: Robert Semple, Credit Suisse   Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan Securities   Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers   Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch   Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs   Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley   Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners   Richard Kugele, Needham & Company   Sherry Scribner, Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technologies Fiscal Third Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions. Instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance, please press “*” then “0.” This conference call is being recorded. Portions of the subject matter discussed in the call to follow relating to the proposed transaction between Seagate Technology and Maxtor Corporation is addressed in a joint proxy statement/perspective filed with the SEC. We urge you to read it because it contains important information; information regarding the persons who may under the rules of the SEC be considered participants in the solicitation of stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement/perspectives filed with the SEC. This conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements related to future financial performance, price and product competition, customer demand for our products and general market conditions, and the status and potential impact of the pending acquisition of Maxtor Corporation. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this call and current expectations, forecast and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Those risks and uncertainties include a variety for factors some of which are beyond the company’s control. In particular, such risks and uncertainties include the impact of the variable demand and the aggressive pricing environment for disc drives; dependence on the company’s ability to successfully manufacture in increasing volume on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality it’s current new disc drive products; the adverse impact of competitive products announcements and possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disc drive products; the impact of the announced agreement for the company to acquire Maxtor Corporation on current customer demand during the period prior to a closing of the transaction; the impact of the actual closing of the acquisition of Maxtor if and when it occurs on the company’s financial results including without limitation expected charges associated with restructuring, purchase accounting, and other related transaction cost; the possibility that Seagate’s pending acquisition of Maxtor may not be consummated on a timely basis or at all; and the possibility that the combination of Seagate and Maxtor will not provide the anticipated benefits to the combined company. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2005, and in the company’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2006, and in the company’s registration statement on Form S4 as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2006, and as amended on April 13, 2006. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the company’s views as of any subsequent days, and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after the date they are made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins, President and CEO. Please go ahead sir.
William D. Watkins, President and CEO: Thanks Derek. Welcome and thank you for joining us. On the phone with me today are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Office, and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing. I’m pleased to report another solid quarter for Seagate in which we achieved our financial targets and excelled operationally by shipping 29.4 million disc drives, the highest quantity of shipments in the history of the industry. March quarters are typically characterized as having seasonal patterns that can impact overall shipments, pricing, and at times financial results. A year ago, Seagate reported the strongest March quarter in history ___ those historical patterns. This year was a normal March quarter in terms of seasonality and original desktop markets, but what is different is that Seagate increased year-over-year revenue by 16% and grew net income by 20%. This consistency in year-over-year financial growth I believe demonstrates a fundamental change that is occurring in the disc drive industry. The change, as we have stated many times, is being driven by the growth of digital content, both personal and commercial. For the last 20 years businesses have been moving towards a digital world. Going forward for the next 20 years, it’s all about digitizing our lifestyles and creating an on-demand world. Movies, music, games, and photos are just some examples of the content at the fingertips of consumers who are driving what has become an on-demand world. Consumers are creating, downloading, and sharing massive amounts of digital content, and it is not only drives that are needed for storage in personal devices such as MP3 players and DVRs, but also in traditional environments like the enterprise and the PC markets. Huge amounts of digital content are being delivered by a growing number of providers to millions of users around the world everyday, and consumers are downloading this content at a phenomenal rate to their PCs and laptops, on to backup storage products and into their portable devices. Seagate products are at the center of this global phenomenon, because digital content of this magnitude cannot exist without reliable mass storage. This behavior in effect is changing our business and our industry. One of the best examples that our business has and will continue to benefit from this shift with diversification of devices utilizing our drives, more and more Seagate shipments are going into markets not associated with PC microprocessor shipments. In fact, in the March quarter, 30% of our revenue was from shipments into these markets, nearly double them out from just two years ago and triple them out from three years ago. So, while traditional client-server markets continue to be vitally important to our business, the benefits of the on-demand world are being delivered across all storage markets. In the March quarter, Seagate shipped 4.5 million more drives than the same quarter a year ago. We are seeing more opportunities and more markets than need a wider range of products than ever before. That’s why we believe the scale and leverage we are to achieve from the acquisition of Maxtor will allow us to continue to serve our customers in all markets and meet the world’s growing demand for storage. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Brian to provide further details on our performance during the quarter. Brian…
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Thanks Bill. In the March quarter, Seagate achieved another new record in terms of total shipments for a single quarter of 29.4 million units while the industry as a whole delivered its second consecutive quarter of over 100 million units shipped. The year-on-year unit revenue growth for the industry continued at 19% and approximately 16% respectively. Seagate experienced year-over-year growth in all markets as the company’s shipments increased 18% and revenues 16%. A particular note was our significant sequential gains in the consumer electronics and notebook markets. These gains compounded with our leadership position in the desktop and enterprise markets allowed us to achieve solid year-over-year improvements in our performance. In the consumer electronics market, Seagate likely gained substantial share during the quarter shipping 4.7 million units, up 12% year-on-year and 33% sequentially. With product transitions gaining well underway, high-capacity DVR installations increasing, and new markets such as vide surveillance unfolding, we expect to see further growth in this space throughout the remainder of the calendar year. As we mentioned in the press release, year-over-year shipments in the DVR applications grew over 100% to 2.5 million units and gaming units climbed 39%. The leadership position we have built in gaming over the past five years has enabled significant growth in this space as storage has become a more featured part of the platform offering. Lastly, demand in 1-inch applications for consumer electronics remained steady as we shipped just over 700,000 units in the handheld media players, GPS systems, branded portable storage, and other applications. On the new product front for consumer electronics, we added two new drives to our portfolio. First, we introduced the industry’s only 12 Gigabyte 1-inch drive, a 50% increase in capacity over any other 1-inch drive. Designed on a 23% smaller footprint than our prior generation and built to handle demanding mobile environments, this is also the first one of its kind to utilize perpendicular recording. We delivered evaluation units to mobile phone and other handheld entertainment device makers during the quarter and expect to see products using the drive in the back half of the calendar year. We also introduced SV35, a 3.5-inch drive built for the video surveillance market. This relatively untapped and established application is expected to grow as a key source of new revenue for disc drive demand in security systems using digital video gain traction. As demand continues to increase across all CE applications, we expect sequential growth in market TAM and shipments for Seagate. Our position in the mobile compute market also grew dramatically during the quarter. We shipped a record 3.8 million units into this space representing an increase of 112% year-on-year and 30% sequentially. We grew share in this space for the seventh consecutive quarter and in the overall 2.5-inch ATA market we believe we exited the quarter as the number two supplier in the world after less than three years of participation. Also of note in this space, our industry-leading 160 Gigabyte notebook drive was qualified by two notebook manufacturers in the quarter and began shipping in volume. We expect further qualifications during the quarter and a continued ramp in production. Overall notebook demand for the quarter is likely to continue to be strong yet seasonal and slightly less in the March quarter. Seagate had another solid quarter in the enterprise market where we shipped 3.5 million units, extending our share leadership in this space. We believe the industry as a whole shipped approximately 6.7 million drives during the quarter representing the seventh straight quarter of over 6 million units shipped. Earlier today, we introduced the industry’s first enterprise product utilizing perpendicular recording, the Cheetah 15K.5. At 15,000 RPMs and in capacities up to an industry-leading 300 Gigabytes, this product strengthens the leading-enterprise product portfolio in the industry. We expect this product to accelerate the transition of mainstream server and SAN storage application to 15K as a standard offering. We also expect overall enterprise demand in the June quarter to be seasonal and therefore slightly lower than that of the March quarter. Finally, we continue to lead the desktop compute market with shipments totaling 17.5 million units, an increase of 12% year-on-year. Moving forward, we are confident that our industry-leading area density and cost position will continue to deliver growth opportunities in this market. We expect overall desktop demand to be seasonal in the June quarter and therefore slightly lower than that of the March quarter. In global distribution channels, overall the industry experienced balanced supply and demand for desktop products, and pricing for the quarter was in the range of expected levels. Seagate also exited the quarter with under five weeks of channel inventory for desktop products. Lastly, our branded solutions revenue grew 100% year-on-year and is currently at $300 million annual runrate. Coupling our own organic growth with Maxtor’s leadership position in this space, we believe this business will become a significant contributor to company revenue and continue to be a strategic growth area going forward. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Dave to provide an update on our operations and the acquisition.
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Thanks Brian. I’d like start by providing a bit more color regarding sub-straight and media supply in the June quarter from a Seagate perspective. We expect the industry’s capacity to be at high utilization throughout the quarter with modest capacity constraints and limited flexibility. Seagate’s internal and external supply of substraights and finished media is sufficient to meet out requirement, but with limited flexibility. In particular, we believe glass and aluminum substraight supply will continue to be tight during the June quarter. We believe the industry continues to add required substraight and finished media capacity in line with increases in customer demand. As evidenced by our product announcement this morning, Seagate is ready to integrate perpendicular recording across its entire product portfolio. Today’s announcement of the Cheetah 15K.5 Enterprise drive is the third perpendicular recording-based product announced by Seagate. To date Seagate has announced perpendicular-based products for the enterprise, notebook, and handheld market. Both the Cheetah 15K.5 and the Momentus 5400.3 Notebook product will begin shipping for revenue during the June quarter, while the 12 Gigabyte 1-inch drive is targeted for revenue shipment later this year. Due to the advantages of Seagate’s vertical integration model and product platform strategy, we believe Seagate is leading the transition to perpendicular recording. In fact, before the end of the current quarter, we will be the only manufacturer with a perpendicular-based product for all four major markets. Finally, some brief comments regarding the pending acquisition of Maxtor and the integration planning effort to date. Both Maxtor and Seagate have integration management offices in place developing integration work plans and key deliverables. While we remain independent competitors until the close of the transaction, cross-functional teams are engaged as appropriate, planning for a May closing, which of course is dependent on regulatory and shareholder approvals. Our top priority is retention of revenue and to that end our primary objective is to meet all customer requirements and provide required flexibility throughout this transition. In addition, we are focused on the retention of key employees, and as noted last year we have retention plans in place. I am delighted with the focus and the professionalism the Maxtor team has displayed throughout this process. We expect to provide more details of our plans at our analyst day in New York the first week of June. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Charles to provide further details on our financial performance.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Thank you Dave. You’ll find the company’s press release, 8-K, and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance along with a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results in the investor relations section of Seagate’s website at seagate.com. As stated in the press release, Seagate reported revenue of $2.29 billion, net income of $274 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.53 for the quarter ended March 30, 2006. These GAAP financial results include costs related to our employee stock purchase plan and stock options. These costs total $21 million with $7 million in cost of sales and $14 million below the line in operating expenses. Additionally, the March quarter’s financial results included a $7 million gain in other income, which relates to an equity investment gain. This gain is one time in nature as the company we had invested in has been acquired. The fully diluted outstanding share count increased this quarter by $14 million shares to $521 million. This is primarily due to the considerably higher average share price that occurred during the March quarter. The entire share count impacted earnings per share by approximately $0.01. As expected, gross margin as a percent of revenue contracted from the December quarter level. This is reflective of the normal price declines experienced during the quarter, significantly higher levels of shipments into gaming platforms, which are typically low-capacity drives, and the contracting secondary market for enterprise class drives, which limits our ability to offset costs associated with our service and repair activity. Seagate’s operating expenses defined as research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses in the March quarter were $303 million, which includes $14 million for non-cash stock-based compensation, $7 million in R&D, and $7 million in SG&A. Cash flow generated from operations was once again very strong at $527 million in the March quarter. The company’s cash balance is approximately $2.04 billion, up $289 million from the December quarter. Because of the announced Maxtor acquisition, the company did not buy back any shares during the quarter. The full $400 million for stock repurchases as previously approved by Seagate’s board of directors is still available. Inventory terms for the March quarter were 12.6, down from 13.5 in the prior quarter. The total inventory balance at the end of the March quarter was $549 million, up $44 million from the prior quarter. Raw material and WIP make up almost all of the increase and represent a rise in internal components. However, note that Seagate matched its finished goods production to reflect the demand from its customer base. For the first nine months of fiscal 2006, capital investment was $606 million with March quarter capital investment being $253 million. We continue to expect capital investment for fiscal year 2006 to be approximately $1 billion. This level of investment reflects strong, broad-based demand for Seagate’s products along with the need to restore some flexibility in our factories and also to position the company to serve our customers during the seasonally strong quarters beginning in September. As stated in the press release, the company’s outlook for the June quarter, excluding any financial results for Maxtor, is for revenue of $2.1 billion to $2.25 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $0.46 to $0.49. This guidance excludes expenses related to non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately $23 million or $0.04 per share, which equates to $0.42 to $0.45 per share on a GAAP basis. Gross margin is expected again to contract modestly as compared to the March quarter as normal price declines in all markets are expected to be partially offset by the continued improvement in product mix. Operating expenses for the June quarter are expected to be flat at approximately $290 million, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation cost. Diluted shares outstanding using the quarters beginning stock price of $26.33 would be 530 million shares. Consistent with guidance gives in January, the fiscal year 2006 outlook for earnings per share, which includes nine months of reported results plus our outlook for the June quarter, is $2.21 to $2.24, excluding expenses associated with non-cash stock-based compensation. Non-cash stock-based compensation is expected to be approximately $80 million of $0.16 per share equating to GAAP earnings per share of $2.05 to $2.08. Now, I would like to provide a brief update regarding the Maxtor acquisition. Since the last financial results conference call, some important milestones have been achieved. The HSR review period expired on February 14th. The proxy was declared effective by the US Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14th, and we have scheduled the shareholder vote for May 17th. Looking forward, the European Union fist-stage review is in process and is scheduled to expire on April 27th, at which time the European Union can end the review and approve the transaction, extend the first-stage review for an additional 10 business days or enter into a second-stage review. Seagate and Maxtor are preparing to close the transaction during the month of May, contingent on regulatory and shareholder approvals. If regulatory and shareholder approvals are not obtained to accomplish a May closing, the companies have agreed to delay closing the proposed transaction until after June 30, which is Seagate’s fiscal year end. This will ensure Seagate can complete an orderly fiscal year-end audit. If the proposed acquisition of Maxtor does close during the June quarter, financial results for the period of time from closing to the end of the quarter will be included in the financial results reported by Seagate. Additionally, the quarter would likely have charges associated with restructuring, purchase accounting, and other transaction related costs. If this does occur, it is our intention to address the financial results of the Seagate standalone operations during our July financial results conference call. Today many of you will want to ask questions regarding the combined company’s perspective financial performance. I probably won’t be able to answer many of those questions today. However, during the first week for June, Seagate will be hosting an analyst event in New York, at which time we plan to discuss in more detail the go-forward operating model for the combined company, the timing and magnitude of the impact to restructuring and purchase accounting, the product transition plans, and the operating expense savings profile. That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Bill.
William D. Watkins, President and CEO: Thank you Charles. Before we move on to questions, on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank all of our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication toward achieving our target this quarter. Many of our employees are having to help with the Maxtor acquisition while staying focused on meeting our customers’ needs and are doing an outstanding job, and for that we are extremely appreciative. As we move into questions, I want to note that since I’m in an offsite location I will have Charles moderate the Q&A session. Derek, we’re ready to open for questions.
Operator: At this time ladies and gentleman, I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question please press “*” followed by the “1” on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Rob Semple with Credit Suisse.
Robert Semple, Credit Suisse: Thanks guys. Just a little on the guidance. Revenue at the midpoint is down 5.5% sequentially. That’s more than you’ve declined since becoming a public company. Is there anything playing in here, do you see a pronounced mixture downwards or I guess kind of maybe a little bit more quantitative outlook on where you see industry shipments on a sequential basis?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Rob this is Brian, let me handle that. I kind of ticked through it and let me just go back to it one more time. We think industry sequentially on the client side will be down so that it covers both desktop and notebook. Enterprise will also be slightly down, and the CE space we expect sequentially to be up. If you add all those together, we do expect the overall shipments in the industry to be slightly down. From the Seagate guidance standpoint, I’ll hand that back to Charles, but I think one thing to remember, this time last year, we had influx of significant new products entering new markets, we hadn’t yet participated in and actually saw a rather unusual — which we noted at the time — sequential increase in revenue that we didn’t expect to repeat in this June quarter.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: And Rob the other thing we need to recognize is that with quarter-on-quarter price erosions of 5 day percent and we’re planning on the lower half of that range for the June quarter, you’re needing to offset a significant amount of price decline with the mixup and everything, and except in the back half of the year where you end up being seasonally much stronger and consequently often times even break through the lower part of the price erosion, you tend to see something in the 3-5% revenue decline. We don’t think it’s abnormal.
Robert Semple, Credit Suisse: Okay, and then I guess one followup on CapEx. You’re going to do a billion this fiscal year, at least from maybe a directional perspective, how should we look at that for fiscal ’07?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well, let me try to address that and then Dave might have some individual questions, because it’s going to be a little hard to see through things given the Maxtor acquisition, which will require some additional capital in order to fully transition Maxtor products over into Seagate products and get the full cost benefits that we’re expecting. If that were not occurring on a standalone basis, we would believe that the capital investments would decline somewhat in fiscal 2007 from where they are in 2006, and we anticipate ongoing capital investments in a stable environment being something in the 8-9% of revenue range. Dave, you have any additional…
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Rob the only thing I’d add is, like I said, dependent on the Maxtor timing and successful close, we have identified that over the next two- to three-year period as much as $580 million incremental, so we see some of that building up in the ’07 timeframe, above the approximately $1 billion rate that we already indicated for this year. So, it’s slightly down standalone, but with the Maxtor acquisition and hopefully the successful acquisition and move to our product platform and technology, we would add significant capacity next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz with JP Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: Thank you a few questions, if I may. Let me get back to the CapEx for a second as far as what you expect for the next couple of quarters, in terms of the next quarter as far as the $1 billion total for fiscal ’06, how much of that is related to either the expansion under media and/or your head capacity?
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Mark, this is Dave, let me take that. Approximately half of our remaining expenditures are specifically writer capacity expansion and media expansion. The balance is between what we call assembly from slider all the way through drive assembly and test, so roughly 50/50 writer and media, 50% slider through drive.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: Okay, and does that factor into the model as far as the second half of ’06 in terms of the post Seagate-Maxtor closure?
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: It is pretty close, Mark, going forward, the 50/50 ratio. We will continue to invest more capacity for writers given our desire to move to the Seagate platform as I just mentioned and the continued growth in media with a combination of our external suppliers and internal, we’ll probably go a little beyond our normal 50% internal component capacity.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: While we’re on the subject of media, Dave, maybe you can touch on your comments of earlier, a little more regarding the tightness in some of the glass and aluminum, did that provide a gating factor to you in the March quarter, were you unable to make certain disc drives because of tightness?
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: No Mark, from a Seagate perspective in March, while it was tight it didn’t prevent us from satisfying any particular customer requirements. We have a lot of flexibility as you know given our assembly and test model and then from a substraight and finished media capacity, it did not gate us in the March quarter. As far as being tight, what we look at is both industry and Seagate, and when we see utilization in the 90s or in mid 90s, when you consider the changeover for multiple form factors, different customers for our external partners, it’s very difficult to do that without any loss utilization as you know. So, when we look into this quarter we see that particularly in the area of substraights utilization in the mid-to-low 90s is going to be very difficult to hit all of the requirements without some kind of loss utilization, so that’s why I described it as tight. It can’t be done, but it will be tight and with very limited flexibility.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Mark you could go back and accentuate a point we made in the prepared comments. The increase in inventory we had was primarily Seagate components had some media and the reason we allowed those components to grow was because of the tightness of the industry if you pass the opportunity to build some head to mediate, you don’t really have an opportunity to recover that if that is needed, and so we chose to go ahead and utilize essentially phone capacity on heads media during the quarter and allow those inventories to grow a little bit. That would give us some drive flexibility if that was needed.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: Maybe touching a little further then, when you talk about tightness for the June quarter, it may still be tight but is it improving? And the reason I ask is if you look at your outlook, it seems that units across the industry will be down while the industry from the media perspective seems to be trying to ramp capacity at this point.
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Mark, Dave again. From a June quarter that’s why I highlighted substrates in particular. I do think from a finished media capacity perspective, the June quarter will provide a little more flexibility in what we’ve seen over the last quarters and really for the last year or more. But, as Charles indicated, now we’re looking forward into the September fourth quarter, of course that’ll be much different, and we quickly see both substrates and finished media becoming very, very tight again. So, I’ll give you a little bit of insight into the September quarter as well.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: Okay, then lastly before I leave the floor, I just want a sense, Charles, if you could touch more on the gross margins, is there any sort of impact from maybe lower than expected yield levels with respectable to both your PMR for notebook as well as for the 160 for the desktop class.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: We’re actually very pleased with our yields across all the products. The lower growth margins really came down to two primary and there’s only the little impact on pricing, because particularly during the first half of the year it’s hard to offset the price declines with cost reductions during the same quarter. And so with the exception of that price decline with offset and mix, the two things that really impacted the margins and took them down a little bit were the increased units we had in the gaming side of the house and then as I mentioned the customer service inventories. And historically as we have taken inventories back and repaired them, we’ve found secondary markets for those. We’re finding that the enterprise market has become more pronounced with the OEM very little distribution and it’s limiting the secondary market for those, so we took a charge of about $18 million during the March quarter to reflect the usability of those customer service inventories.
Mark Moskowitz, JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers.
Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Dave, question for you. Can you give us maybe a little bit better sense, given that we’d assume day one of the closure of the Maxtor acquisition, of how quickly you can ramp up Seagate’s specific capacity to take on the added volume and perhaps what some of the gating factors are, given that it looks like from some of the capital equipment suppliers some fairly large orders have already been placed. So, I’m just trying to get a sense where you’re at staging and getting ready to ramp.
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Harry, I’ll probably answer this to a number of questions related to the Maxtor acquisition. Many of these questions, it’s going to be tough to answer and it’s a little premature to provide any specific guidance similar to what Charles described in the financial. But having said that, one of the gating factors that we see in the industry and particularly given Seagate’s desire to move to the Seagate platforms in an efficient way again with customer and revenue retention being the priority that will really dictate the pace at which we do that. The longest pole in the tent, so to speak, is wait for capacity. So, we are continuing to add “wait for capacity” and that will be a gating factor as we continue to ramp our normal independent and hair growth or organic growth along with the acquisition volumes. So, that’s probably the longest pole in the tent. And then as I indicated along with Seagate and others, we’re going to continue to look at making sure that there’s an adequate supply of substrates as well as finished media capacity. I think everything else is pretty modular, pretty short lead time when you think about assembly and test. We’re very good at that. You know, we were very familiar with our platform from a manufacturing test standpoint. So, we have flexibility lined up with our capital equipment suppliers and partners so that we can, as we determine the final end game in terms of product transition over to Seagate, move fairly rapidly. But, what we have said to our suppliers, to our customers again is that they should…as Maxtor continues to act independently and Seagate acts independently, each of us need to make our own decisions between now and the end of the year, but from our perspective we really believe that we’re not going to be in a position to handle all of the customer requirements on a Seagate platform through the end of this calendar year as the minimum that they should expect that they would need to rely on Maxtor products. So again, they would utilize the Maxtor platform to the end of this calendar year and beyond that it will dependent on what we need to do for our customers, and we don’t have all the answers to those questions yet, but as I stated, we’re positioned to provide flexibility depending on which way our customers want to go and when.
Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: And then second question relates — either to Brian or to Charles — just coming back to the June quarter, given what we’ve seen in the marketplace and Maxtor coming a little bit short on their numbers and some of the share shifts that are going on, why shouldn’t we expect to see Seagate gain share and grow faster in the market overall aside from just a product marketshare?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Harry, this is Brian. I think that’s a good question. What I can tell you so far, and you can see it reflect in our March numbers, we’ve not seen any of the early revenue shifting to extent that there’s been some accrue to us. So, until we can get in front of customers in a joint fashion and understand a little bit better what their intentions are, and clearly we’re getting our own sense of that independently right now, but not having full view of the Maxtor current results and trajectory of that revenue, it’s a little bit of tough question for us to answer. What I can tell you is that certainly in our planning in terms of build strategy and flexibility, we are planning the ability to absorb some portion of that revenue in the June quarter. We’re not reflecting it in an outlook because of the uncertainty around it, but we have the capability to move into it to the extent that it’s available. Time will tell. You understand our goals and we’ve been explicit about what they are, and we think that the original goals that we stated around the revenue attrition and retention are still the ones that we believe we can achieve.
Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: And then last question, Charles, on the margin side of the equation. Given the continued ramp and perpendicularity in your leadership position there and also setting aside that $18 million charge you took in the March quarter, what are some of the offsets that are preventing perhaps seeing some additional margin upside in the June quarter?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well again I think the biggest issue, Harry, is just the seasonal pattern in the March and June quarters, and I’ve used this analogy in the past, in the March and June quarters, this industry tends to have the wind in its face and then in the September and December quarters the wind at its back. As a result of that, in March and June price erosion tends to be higher or more aggressive than it is in the September and December, and then also we have the ____ in the cycle of product releases, and as Brian and Dave mentioned in their comments, the 15K.5 is really just coming, being introduced this quarter, the 12 Gigabyte 1-inch, the ramp of the 160 Gigabyte Notebook drive is just barely starting in June. They’ve mentioned that we would have perpendicular-based products in all of the four major segments that we service by the end of June. So, you’re really seeing a refresh of products in the back half of the year, which I think tends to give us opportunity for margin list in the back half of the calendar year. During the June quarter, we’re tending to live off of the products that we have right now, and it’s hard to reduce those costs much more.
Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Just one more question on the gross margin. Is there a way to either quantify or qualify 130-140 basis point decline quarter-on-quarter in terms how much was due to pricing versus volume versus mix and some of the other things you’ve mentioned?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well, as I mentioned there was the $80 million that was customer service, which is 70 somewhat basis points of the 140 basis points. I think if you split the remaining part of the 140 basis points kind of in half, you’d have half of it attributable to the increase in gaming products that we shipped and half being reflecting of pricing that wasn’t completely offset by a mix up in product.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Great, and then just on 70 basis points related to the enterprise, does that mean that you’ve taken down margin assumptions going forward or could there be another reduction as you get further into how the customer is reacting in the secondary market?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Certainly, in the guidance that we’ve give you for the June quarter, we have reflected the environment that we think that exists. We need to sit and evaluate what the very strong OEM presence on the enterprise means. If you go back a few years, about 20% of the enterprise sales went through the distribution channel. That’s down to 10% now and seems to be consolidating even more. So, it’s something we’ll need to evaluate and as we get clarity on that we’ll let you know.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Conigliaro with Goldman Sachs.
Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs: Hi, can we get back to the pricing thing just for a moment, and that is, there was a slight change in pricing at least as you were expecting it in the March quarter. You had been thinking that maybe CE pricing hold at the more favorable end of the normal decline range and it turned out to be, I guess, more normal. I know maybe that’s just a subtlety, but was that more related to competitive pricing or to some kind of a demand change, and then another question?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Yeah, this is Brian. I hesitate to talk about what’s normal and what isn’t, so maybe this will be helpful. I could tell you from a blended basis, the price erosion we saw in our second quarter and third quarter was effectively identical. By segment, there was actually a little less erosion in the enterprise space and a little less around the CE space, and we saw a little bit steeper quarter-on-quarter on the client space in both notebook and personal storage. Now, I’d say coming into the quarter that’s exactly what we expected to see. So, while we were hopeful, and we always are that price erosion will be a little bit less than we planned, it ended up pretty much where we planned.
Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just one more thing and that is, can you give us any observations about your reaction to the pretty steep Maxtor share drop off, which I think to some extent surprised a lot of people?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Laura, this is Brian, I’ll take that one again. I don’t know if we were surprised at all. I think the places that customers have pretty low switching cost and broad supply base to begin with are those places that are going to de-risk themselves from any kind of disruption in the supply change they perceive, and certainly with an acquisition pending they perceive that as some disruption. I think those places are generally towards the lower end of the product spectrum and less at the high-value add portions of the product line, where you see higher value add products you typically see more design loyalty and a tighter supply base. So, frankly, around the kinds of products that are most interesting to us long term, we actually think that what we expected to be there at the time of close of the acquisition will likely very much be there in full, and those places with less potential going forward and therefore those places now can switch more easily no matter what the circumstances are, the ones that may have started to move more quickly. So, it wasn’t altogether that surprising, and in those places also where they have the broad supply base it wasn’t surprising that those shifts didn’t immediately accrue to us. We think there’s opportunity for share retention and revenue retention in more valuable places to us as we go forward.
Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rebecca Runkle with Morgan Stanley.
Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon, thanks. Two quick questions; first, given your comments on inventory build in the quarter and your expectations for capacity constraints by the time you get to the September quarter, would it be fair to anticipate incremental inventory build again in the June quarter, and then I have a separate question?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Let’s have Dave answer that.
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Rebecca, Dave. No, you should not expect to see incremental in June, but of course as we position September our inventory turns will improve for both June and September. So the inventory excess that Charles described probably is already shipped by now frankly. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: That’s perfect. And then secondly, just thinking about gross margin dynamics, I just wanted to get some clarification. On the June quarter, I would assume the gaming ramp continues to put pressure on the second quarter, but could you just confirm that and then talk about the other major factors that we should be contemplating.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Okay, Rebecca you’re correct that we would expect to ship more gaming units in the June quarter than we did in the March quarter, and again with those being below the company average that would tend to again be a little bit of a downward dynamic. They’re profitable products, they enjoy the products and everything else, it just happen to carry a little lower average gross margins than the company average. And then the only other dynamic that we sat and looked at is again the pricing environment during the typical March and June quarter. And if you sat and looked at this industry where you can often time take costs down 2-3% a quarter, during those quarters when you have erosions above the 3%, you have some compression on margins, and on those quarters where because of the supply-demand profile it ends up being 3% or less, you are able to maintain or expand your margins a little bit. So, that’s the number one driver in margins in the June quarter.
Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: How should we think about a perpendicular ramp in your term effecting gross margins?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well, the primary area where perpendicular is going in, as we’ve indicated, is the 160 Gigabyte 2.5-inch product, which is a high capacity and thus a higher margin. So, even though…and let me digress a second, the yields in the perpendicular are above our planned yields. They’re performing very well and the transfer yields are above the yields we have on the last couple of generations with longitudinal. So, we’re actually very happy with the yields. They will come down a cost curve, scrap will come down, and yields will go up, but they’re already very good and very mature. They’re also going into products where there tends to be higher margins like the 160 Gigabyte 2.5-inch, the Enterprise 15K.5 and other higher products where we have chosen to put them in first, so that we would not expect them to have a drain on margins of the total company.
Dave Wickersham, Executive Vice President and COO: Hey, Charles, let me add here. Rebecca, I mean the way we think about perpendicular gross margin is that we need to enable and continue our 24-26%. We believe that allows us to cost structure in an environment where we compete with people who lose money to maintain that gross margin, and for us t o get above that needs better execution or probably better behavior by people who are going to lose money.
Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, thanks, a couple of questions. I just wanted to clarify and make sure that the guidance you guys have given for June does not include anything from Maxtor, and then presumably then you would update if the yield had closed early at this analyst day in June. Also, what is the date for the June analyst day and then what tax rate are you guys expecting for the fourth quarter as well as for 2007?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: I will confirm that the guidance we gave includes no financial results associated with the Maxtor acquisition. To the extent that it closes in May, we will give you some guidance in the first week of June at our analyst day, relative to what the profile is, but we will quite honestly be using all of the time from the time of close until we’re able to close our books to finalize the restructuring, finalize the purchase accounting impact and other things so that…probably not going to be able to give you concrete impacts during the analyst day. I think we’ll be able to give you some good visibility, but not down to an income statement projecting out to the end of the quarter. Then, there was the last piece…the tax rate for the fourth quarter, I would expect it to be under 5%.
Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, it sounds more like 2% or 1 or 2 as it has been or more…
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: In the 2-3 range.
Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, is there any reason that should change in ‘07?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: With Maxtor closing, I’m going to need to get back to you on what to expect the tax rate to be for ‘07.
Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, is there is a date for that analyst day?
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: It’s in the first week of June. I don’t remember the date off the top of my head.
Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Kugele with Needham & Company.
Richard Kugele, Needham & Company: Thank you, I guess, first in terms of the desktop, can you give us a sense on how much the 160 Gig represented of your shipments and what your expectations are for when that will be the bulk, if not all, of your desktop line?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Yeah, Rich, this is Brian. It was put around 30% of our shipments in the desktop space in native capacities of 80 and 160, and I think as we exit this quarter it’s going to be the most meaningful product in our desktop lineup.
Richard Kugele, Needham & Company: In terms of the market, do you expect the adoption of Enterprise SAS on Small Form Factor to pickup later this year?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Yeah absolutely. I’ve said in a couple of conference calls before, that introduction of technology, both Small Form Factor and SAS combined, is combined with some processor generations that are just being released from Intel, or announced to be released from Intel in the next 90 days. So, our expectations for the back half of the year round SAS and Small Form Factor are high, and I think the demand that we expect to see there will be considerable in terms of the shift and within the enterprise space.
Richard Kugele, Needham & Company: And I guess just lastly, in terms of Vista being delayed, can you give us a sense on how you reacted to that and what impact you think that could be to both yourselves and the drive industry as a whole?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Sure, I’ll take that one again. Actually, a little sight of relief to tell you the truth. As we’ve seen in each of the last two years, the September and December quarters are of high demand. There’s no reason to believe that this year will be any different factors, from reasons to believe that we should be very optimistic about the demand profile in the back half of this calendar year. So, the fact that Vista slippage may pull some small portion of the overall client space into the March quarter, actually maybe welcome from an industry perspective and what have been in those periods of time over the last couple of years, highly allocated segments of the business, particularly if you think that the Vista impact would accrue just proportionately to the notebook and mature markets since it’s pointed at the consumer and consumers in mature markets have been buying mostly notebooks as clients, that’s the space that’s been the most constrained and had the highest growth rate as you’ve seen in our results and the industry results over the last several quarters, so I think the fact that it’s slipping actually maybe a little bit of a blessing to us.
Richard Kugele, Needham & Company: So, it could smooth things out for you?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Yes.
Richard Kugele, Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful, thank you.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sherry Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherry Scribner, Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to delve a little bit into the notebook market, you had mentioned that you thought you had a market share of 2% this quarter and if I added up the consumer electronics and the notebook business, I come up to about 20% share, does that seem reasonable?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: Sure, I think you’re’ in the ballpark and maybe my words didn’t come across clearly. What we said we’re number two and we believe we’re number two in this space at that 20% mark as opposed to having 2% share.
Sherry Scribner, Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then on the desktop market in terms of marketshare, it seems to me if I’m looking at it that maybe you lost out a point of share overall in 3.5-inch market, do you think you were flat or how do you think your share was in that?
Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales & Marketing: We’re in the range. We’ve been in a 30-32% range for the last eight quarters, so we’re in that range some place. Until everyone else announces a result, it’s somewhat impossible to tell, but we’re really confident we’re in the range we’ve been in for several quarters.
Sherry Scribner, Deutsche Bank: Okay, great thank you.
Charles C. Pope, Executive Vice President and CFO:
William D. Watkins, President and CEO: All right, yeah, thanks — I was on mute. Thank you all for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes today’s Seagate Technology Fiscal Third Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-01-19 07:45:00) =====
Executives: William D. Watkins, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director   Brian S. Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales Marketing   David A. Wickersham, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Disc Storage Operations   Charles C. Pope, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance
Analysts: Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners   Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs   Rich Kugele, Needham & Company   Mark Moskowitz, J.P Morgan   Mark Miller, Hoefer & Arnett   Christian Schwab, Craig-Hallum   Frank Timmons, Robert W. Baird   Richard Kaiser, Stanford Bernstein   Philip Rose, Susquehanna   Sherry Scribner, Deutsche Bank   Ted Jones, Bear Stearns   Robin Shah, Thinner Capital   Ananda Barora (ph), Banc of America
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Seagate Technology’s Fiscal Second Quarter 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for questions. Instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance, please press “*” then “0”. This conference call is being recorded. Portions or the subject matter discussed in the call to follow related to the proposed transactions between Seagate Technology and Maxtor Corporation will be addressed in a joint proxy statement prospectus to be filed with the SEC. We urge you read it when it becomes available, because it will contain important information. Information regarding the persons who may under the rules of the SEC, they considered participants in a solicitation of stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction, will be set forth in the proxy statement prospectus during when it is filed with the SEC. The conference call contains forward-looking statements with in the meaning of section 21A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. And Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements related to future financial performance price and product competition, customer demand for our product and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Seagate as of the date of this call and current expectations forecasts and assumptions involving number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, of these forward-looking statements. That risks and uncertainties include a variety of factors some of which are beyond the company’s control, in particular such risk and uncertainties include the impact of the variable demand and the aggressive pricing environment for disk drive. Attendance on the company’s ability to successfully manufacture an increasing volume on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality is current disk drive product. The adverse impact of competitive product announcements and possible excess industry supply where they expect particularly disk drive products, the impact of the announced transaction between the company and Maxtor Corporation on current customer demand during the period prior to a closing of the transaction, the possibly that Seagate’s depending acquisition of Maxtor will not be (indiscernible) on a friendly basis or at all. And the possibility of that the combination of Seagate and Maxtor will not provide the anticipated benefits of the combined company. Information concerning additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those productive in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2005 and in the company’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2005. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as we are representing the company’s views of any the subsequent date and Seagate undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances, after the date that they were made. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Bill Watkins President and CEO. Please go ahead sir.
William D. Watkins, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Thanks Lynn. Welcome and thank you for joining us. On the phone with me today, are Charles Pope, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Dave Wickersham Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Brian Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, World Wide Sales and Marketing. Seagate closed the calendar year with the strongest quarter in the company’s history. In fact, the strongest quarter by any company in the history of the disk drive industry. Demonstrating the consistency of our financial and operational performance, we achieved record revenue and record earnings and we delivered new products for all market segments for shipping a record 28.8 million disk drives. Over the last 12 months, we’ve reported revenue of $8.5 billion and net income of $1.1 billion. Strong performance continues to result on our unique business model that has delivered a broadest product portfolio in the industry, with consistent technology, product can cause leadership. We expect this performance to continue and positively impact our earnings for fiscal year 2006. Clearly, global demand for mass storage is accelerating, with significant growth opportunities in new emerging applications as well as traditional computer applications. In fact, in the December quarter, we increased shipments 19% year-over-year. While the industry delivered its first 100 million-unit quarter, we estimate the industry shipped 380 million disk drives last year totaling 35 million terabytes, an increase of 60% from the previous year. The most exciting growth area continues to be the consumer electronics space, where new applications are constantly emerging and software makers are building new business models designed to unlock digital content for consumers to use in their home or hand or in the car. Hard drives are central to these new models, where storage-intensive applications require high capacity, cost effective solutions to store, protect and access these new flow of digital content. The annual Consumer Electronic Show clearly demonstrates that we were well in our way to roll robustly into every consumer electronic application that has a storage device in it, on it or around it. Whether it’s a car, a cell phone or a handheld video applications, it's all about delivering a beneficial consumer experience that simplifies the complexity that exists today. And Seagate is continuingly working to improve this consumer experience. These new consumer markets are now large enough for our portfolio and serve markets broad enough that Seagate has a greater degree of financial stability and predictability along with greater opportunities for growth and than are available with in the traditional IT markets. Well, a primary growth driver for our industry has been the consumer electronics market, we are also very pleased by the strong growth we are experiencing in our core markets and the opportunities ahead. The desktop market continues to see strong growth where Seagate saw an increase of 16% year-over-year unit shipments. The notebook market has shown phenomenal growth as higher capacity drives are allowing more powerful and cost effective notebook computers that are equipped to handle tasks traditionally left to desktop systems. Last quarter, the averaged capacity of notebook drive shipped by Seagate is nearly 70 gigabytes, up from 64 gigabytes the previous quarter. We expect this capacity trend to continue, and the enterprise higher capacity, higher performance drives continue to power the world’s most demanding computer systems. And they are now providing solutions for content providers to deliver capacity-intensive applications such as video through broadband, the unit around the world. As you are all aware Seagate entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Maxtor. As previously stated, we believe the combinations of the two companies will leverage to strength the Seagate significant operating scale, to drive product innovations increase operational efficiencies and realize significant cost synergies. These capabilities will enable the combined company to compete more effectively as the higher competitive data storage industry addresses the challenges and opportunities for significant growth that lie ahead. We will also uniquely position the combined company to accelerate delivery of a diverse set of compelling and cost effective solutions to the growing customer base for data storage products. There is no question that this is a growth industry and Seagate is leading the way. We are uniquely positioned and excited about what we see across all markets, as the leading disk drive manufacturer in virtually all markets and in environment which the demand for storage is at record levels and growing, we are optimistic about the future. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Brian to provide further detail on our performance during the quarter.
Brian S. Dexheimer, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales Marketing: Thanks Bill. The December quarter reflected the growth dynamics results throughout the calendar year 2005 and expect to see continue in 2006. As Bill mentioned, the industry surpassed 100 million units in quarterly shipments for the first time and achieved over 380 million units during the calendar year representing a robust year-over-year growth of 26%. In the quarter, Seagate experienced growth in all markets as shipments grew faster than the industry rate of 15%, reaching 28.8 million units, a 19% increase year-over-year. In the consumer electronics base, Seagate shipped 3.5 million units. We expect to see a substantial increase in this volume sequentially as product transitions in the game console space reached full stride and we continue to see robust growth from the DVR market. In the DVR market, shipments grew 93% year-over-year to 2.4 million units. This segment of the CE space remains one of the greatest opportunities for Seagate. With high definition content continuing to penetrate large markets and Olympic and World Cup events upcoming, we expect to see additional demand and an improved mix towards high capacity drives in this space. In the 1-inch market, Seagate shipped just over 800,000 units in the handheld media players, GPS systems, branded portable storage and planner applications. While down sequentially, we continue to see growth opportunities in the space. We believe has higher capacities are achieved in business models for video distribution materialized. This market will experience additional growth represent new opportunities for Seagate. The mobile computing space continues to grow rapidly as the Seagate’s participation in that space. We believe the market grew 36% year-on-year to 21.4 million units. While Seagate shift 2.9 million drives in December quarter, an increase of 136% year-on-year and 20% sequentially. As the result of our expanded product line and technology leadership, we believe we gain share on this market, marking the 6th straight quarter of share gain. During the quarter, we began limited volume shipments of the industry’s first 160 gigabyte 2.5 inch disk drive for high-end notebook applications. We believe there is a significant trend to our higher capacity drives in the notebook market and Seagate is very well-positioned in this regard. In fact, Seagate’s shipments of capacity is greater than 80 gigabytes grew 39% sequentially. We do believe the industry access December quarter was some unmet demand in the space and believe it’s likely that underlying media capacity for these products will continue to be in tight supply in the March quarter. Seagate had another strong quarter in the enterprise market. We shift 3.5 million units during the December quarter, an increase of 16% from the September quarter and 6% year-on-year. We believe the industry has the whole shift approximately 6.7 million drives during the quarter representing the 6th straight quarter of over 6 million units shift. Once again, we believe our product leadership drove share gain in this space. We expect overall enterprise demand in the March quarter to be seasonal and therefore slightly lower than that of the December quarter. We’re also experiencing an improved product mix in the enterprise space as shipments of our highest capacity drives increased sequentially. As we mentioned last quarter, our SAT and Fibre channel new line products were in qualification at 10 OEMs. These products are now qualified with 5 of those OEMs and we began volume shipments during the quarter. We believe this is a fast growing applications base with continued growth opportunities for Seagate. In addition, we continue to be pleased with the customer integration on Savvio our 2.5 inch enterprise drive, where we saw shipments increased 30% quarter-over-quarter. Moving to the desktop, we continued to lead this market with record shipments totaling 18.9 million units, an increase of 16% year-on-year and 8% sequentially. Once again, our product mix continued to improve the shipments of products 200 gigabytes and greater from the 33% sequentially. As we outlined last quarter, our 160 gigabyte for flatter drives are now shipping in 4 volumes. We were very pleased with the customer acceptance of this product throughout the quarter, which resulted in a 130% increase in shipments. Moving forward, we are confident that our industry leading aerial density and cost position will continue to deliver growth opportunities in this market. As it is the case historically with March quarters, we expect overall list out demand to be seasonal and therefore slightly lower and than that of the December quarter. Overall, the industry experienced balance supplying demand for desktop products and pricing for the quarter was in the range of expected levels. Next is the quarter with under 4-weeks and channel inventory for desktop products. Finally, our Seagate brand solutions revenue grew nearly 80% year-on-year and action at 2005 at a run rate of over $250 million annual. We’re pleased with the progress we have made to date and expect further opportunities as more and more consumers see to store, share and project the valuable digital content. Brand and solutions will continue to be a high growth area in strategic focus for Seagate. In summary, we are very pleased with our performance in the market expectance of our product during the December quarter. We believe we have best position for continued growth opportunities and are excited about new opportunities in 2006. Now, I would like to turn the call over to David to provide an update on our key product programs.
David A. Wickersham, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Disc Storage Operations: Thank you Brian. We are very pleased that in the December quarter, we began shipping our first perpendicular drive an 80 gigabyte per player 5,400 RPM, 2.5 inch notebook drive ahead of our internal schedule. We will continue to focus on successful OEM qualification and volume ramp over the coming months. As discussed previously, perpendicular recording is a complex integration of the recording head, the desk, the recording channel, drive software and furthermore as a system. As a vertically integrated company, we are uniquely positioned to optimize the overall drive system. Our technology has maturing; our process already and we are exceeding our internal targets for component and drive yields. Given our platform strategy and successful deployment we are well-positioned not just on this notebook drive, but well prepared to integrate perpendicular recording across all product markets over the next 12 months. Last quarter, I also updated you on the progress we are making, extending Seagate longitudinal aerial density leadership, with the introduction of a 160 gigabyte per flatter desktop drive. As with the introduction of perpendicular, we are very pleased with our progress ramping to industries, first 160 gigabyte for flatter product and will complete the majority of our OEM qualifications this quarter. In the December quarter, we more than doubled our shipments of drives with neither capacities of a 160 gigabyte for flatter or 80 gigabyte for surplus and will significantly increase our outlook again this quarter. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Charles to provide further detail on our financial performance during the quarter.
Charles C. Pope, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance: Thank you, Dave. You will find companies press release 8K and additional financial information related to Seagate’s financial performance in the Investor Relations section of Seagate’s website at seagate.com. As stated in the press release, Seagate reported revenue of $2.3 billion, net income of $287 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.57 for the quarter ended this December 30, 2005. The $2.3 billion of revenue we’ve reported today reflects a high water mark for Seagate. These GAAP financial results include cost related to our employee stock purchase plan and stock options. These costs total $20 million with $7 million in cost of sales and $13 million below the line in operating expenses. Also included in the December quarter’s financial results is the $6 million charge for R&D for licenses related to advanced storage technology and a $2 million charge in other income and expense related to the early payment of the $340 million term loan. Seagate’s operating expenses defined as restructure development and send; Selling General and Administrative expenses in the December quarter were $307 million which includes $13 million for non-cash stock-based compensation and the previously mentioned $6 million charge for the technology license. Cash flow generated from operations was very strong a $562 million in the December quarter. Our cash balance is approximately $1.75 billion down only $41 million from the September quarter even though repayment of the $340 million term loan occurred in mid-October. Because of the announced Maxtor transaction, the company did not buyback any shares during the quarter. The full $400 million previously approved by Seagate’s Board of Directors is still available. Inventory turns for the December quarter were 13.5 up from 13 in the prior quarter. The total inventory balance at the end of the December quarter was $505 million up $28 million from the prior quarter. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2006, capital investment was $353 million with December quarter capital investment being $184 million. As demonstrated this past year, we used customer demand as the gauge to determine the proper level of capital investments. Based on the strong demand, we are experiencing for Seagate’s products during the remainder of fiscal 2006 and to position the company to serve our customers during the seasonally strong quarters beginning in September, capital investments for fiscal year 2006 will need to grow to between $915 million and $1 billion. This is a meaningful increase to our prior expectation of $700 million to $800 million and reflects strong broad base demand for Seagate products along with the need to restore some flexibility in our factories which have been running at virtually full capacity during all of the last calendar year and are anticipate the top rated phone capacity during the March quarter. Relative to the company’s outlook for the March quarter, we indicated in our press release the company expects revenue of approximately 2.25 billion and diluted earnings per share of approximately $0.55 excluding expenses related to non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately $21 million or $0.04 per share which equates to approximately $0.51 per share on a GAAP basis. Gross margin is expected to contract modestly as compared to the December quarter as normal price declines in all the markets are expected to be offset somewhat by the continued improvement in product mix and the margin improvement, our 160 gigabyte per platter desktop drive provides. Operating expenses for the March quarter are expected to be approximately $290 million excluding non-cash stock-based compensation cost. The tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2006 is expected to be 5%. Due to the dynamic nature of the disk drive industry, the outlook for Seagate’s fiscal year 2006 is subject to greater variability and less certainty. Seagate’s outlook for earnings per share for fiscal 2006 has been raised to arrange at $2.20 to $2.25 excluding expenses relating to non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately $80 million or $0.16 per share, which equates to a range $2.04 to $2.09 per share on a GAAP basis. Our full-year outlook anticipates a balanced supply demand environment and therefore normal levels of price competition, additionally our outlook incorporates executing to our plan for the production ramp and customer qualifications of the 160 gigabyte per platter desktop and 80 gigabyte per platter notebook drive and sequential growth in notebook near-line and gaming unit shipments. Finally, I would like to briefly provide an update in regards to the proposed acquisition of Maxtor. On January 13, we made our Hart-Scott-Rodino pretty much in notification filing and we will be meeting US Federal Trade Commission to discuss the merger in the coming weeks. The FTC has 30 days to complete their review or request additional information. For a transaction such as the Maxtor acquisition, it would not be unusual for the FTC to a second request for additional information as they conduct a review. The preliminary joint proxy statement is expected to be filed in the middle of March and we expect subject to SEC review in comment process that the shareholders books longer term in late June. We continue to expect the transaction to close sometime in the second half of calendar 2006. We have been very pleased with all this transaction has been received by the investment community. Even at today’s valuation, we feel that Seagate’s ability to generate earnings and cash has yet to be fully recognized. That concludes my remarks. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
William D. Watkins, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director: Thank you Charles. That concludes our prepared remarks, operator we’re ready to turn it over for questions.
Operator: If you would like to ask a question at this time, simply press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad, if you would like to withdraw your question, press “*” then the number “2”, we’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line Kevin Hunt.
Q - Kevin Hunt: Now, thank you. A couple of questions. Can you maybe comment what do you think on the outlook for 1-inch drive as going forward. And then if you might be looking at having a 1.8-inch drive in the future is seeing, is that where, that’s seems over that, where most of the, some CE stuff seems to be going?
A - William D. Watkins: All right Kevin, I will let Brian to answer that, I am not allowed to make product announcements offline.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: They are still in and I don’t want make any product announcements Kevin. But we were very excited about the whole mobility space. So, years talk about things going on in the hand holding card, really this addresses the hand space and so, I have which is my comments, the 1 inch market is very much alive and we continue to find new application spaces for that, and our technology leadership and our ability to put very high capacity in that phone factors interesting provided those reasons in those applications. The 1.8 inch space we are looking at that with very keyed level of interest, we believe that’s a very robust market at this point in time. And that’s got nice growth, potential in front of it. Not only in the BES space, but also potential in the notebook space in the future. So, I think you are going to expect that you will see us continue to look at that with a lot of interest and continued to make investments in that space for the next several quarters and at some point we will be making a product announcement.
Q - Kevin Hunt: Okay and I have follow up for Charles, actually couple of things. I think, thought you would say 5% for the tax rate for the remainder of the year, that is the first things and the second thing is, can you give us an indication on new product contribution in this quarter then kind of things, probably in the next couple of quarters.
A - Charles C. Pope: Okay Kev, and in the guidance that I gave in my prepared remarks we have modeled in 5%, we believe that’s kind of at the high end of the range where it will be, but for conservative reasons, felt that it was prudentially heading model at the end of 5%.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: You know a year ago when we had a complete turn over of our products. We talk continually to flip the difference shown margin less for the new products versus the older sets. That has largely turned over this point in time and trying to distinguish some of the incremental margin, on saving 160 gigabytes 2.5 inch which just really started shipping, versus some of the owner’s note. It is not a meaningful number. So, I think that at this point in time you need to kind of look at the blended number and we still feel good about operating in this 24% to 26% margin range, as we have.
Q - Kevin Hunt: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Laura Conigliaro.
Q - Laura Conigliaro: Yeah a couple of questions Steve, first on the notebook side, your notebook business is obviously is one of the biggest incremental contributors in the last couple of quarters. You made some comments that suggest some pretty strong notebook growth combined with the back that you are saying that, there was unmet demand exiting the quarter and media remains tight. Are you suggesting with that kind of comment that we will potentially actually see non-seasonal growth sequentially in the March quarter. And then once you start to see some of the media listen up. What is your expectations, since the other side of that, the offset to that is that, is your technology as well as your ramping market chair. So is it possible in the slower quarters of March and June, you actually could see some growth on the notebook side. And then finally can you help us understand, perhaps even quantify, what your technology leadership means as far as your cost advantages and also margin opportunities are, are you beginning to see any of these in share gains.
A - Stephen J. Luczo: Laura I let Brian take the notebook question and Charles come back on the cost side.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: No, let me try and deal with the notebook. As the matter that we see in front of us, 3 things I will point you to, one is clearly in the client space we’ve seen product transmission and demand patterns based on OS, processor transitions as well as seasonal opportunities. I think what you have to do on this notebook underneath that because this point on gear is very structural shift to mobility away from stationary client computing. So, in addition to the normal things we are use to seeing in client 2 which are these processor and OS transitions as well, seasonal buying patterns. Underneath that in this one we’ve got that structural shift going on. So, we think that will give this one more strength than maybe some of the other of supplying demand in balances we’ve seen different segments in the past. Second thing I’d tell you is competing for the supply chain cool, there is also new applications coming into 2.5 inch space, mainly in the gaming console environment, there are a few others, they are now competing for this supply chain. So, if you just look at 2.5 inch drives then there is more reason to believe that there is more demand for those and I think the answered question about sequential growth, quarter on quarter I think she include those types of products in all 2.5 inch, and we varied much to expect to see sequential growth from December to March.
Q - Laura Conigliaro: Actually the, I am sorry, I was not including gaming I was really trying to think of the traditional business, where you are ramping your market share there anyway and you’ve got a technology edge.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Right, so in the notebook space I think still that structural shift is true and we look for the market to be just looking at notebook flat maybe slightly up quarter-on-quarter. The third thing I will tell you that’s the specific benefit to Seagate, maybe addresses some of your technology question, I will hand it to Charles is, we see from a share perspective more home pull of products because of this technology leaderships. So in addition to the 2 things that I gave you that were structural for the industry and I think we see an additional benefit, because of the technology where we should be on the product. So I let Charles to answer a margin question.
A - Charles C. Pope: Okay, Laura to try to answer your question of quantifying further technology leadership is doing for Seagate, let me give you 2 specific example. One if you sit and look at the 160 gigabyte for flatter drive we are able to do that capacity point with 1 disc and 2 heads. All of our competitors at this point in time are required to do 2 discs and 4 heads. You have available to you market data on discs and heads and they, if they are purely dependent on the merchant market, the average price per disk is a little more than $6 per disk. And a little more than $6 per head, and so there is an $18 cost differential for the same capacity point that exist on that drive, which, when you are talking about entry level products, that is a very large differential to work with. When you said you talked about the technology leadership on the notebook, you don’t measure it in terms of margin, you probably measure it in terms of share, because with the new notebook product that we just introduced, the 160 gigabyte 2.5 inch, you don’t have the ability in that form factor to put it additional heads and disks and so it just becomes a matter, what leverage does that can give you to increase your market share, what opportunities to increase your market share within your customer base, which again drives the increased gross profit dollars, you don’t really have a gross margin comparison out in the industry to match it again. And so those are the types of things that I think the technology leadership are driving.
Q - Laura Conigliaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lines Rich Kugele from Needham & Company.
Q - Rich Kugele: Thank you, a few question, I guess first, perhaps this best for Brian, regarding Maxtor in general terms which capacity points are even ends with the market. Do you think are most interesting for you to try and maintain a presence then we, when you break up their share. And you look at the opportunity is their for perhaps a capacity point, would you want to make sure you stay such as, high cap, near-line, the low cap business in Latin America, any thoughts there?
A - William D. Watkins: This is Bill actually; it’s too early for us to really talk about products strategies with Maxtor and what we are going to do. So, we’re just not going to comment on that time and them probably can’t, and that walk pretty more forward thinking about this as we get closer to the deal.
Q - Rich Kugele: Okay, fair enough and then, I guess secondly just to dive in a little bit deeper on the 160 gig platter, traditionally there has been obviously a very compelling advantage as you, Charles you were talking about the cost differential. But there is also always a reason to perhaps lower price to try and gain share, the industry is very different now it’s effectively two large players on the desktop last. Can, do you think that perhaps this time around you might be able to broaden that 24% to 26%gross margin range, because you don’t need to price, you are going to get the share you are going to get as it is and you can just actually pocket the difference this time.
A - William D. Watkins: Well, Charles take that.
A - Charles C. Pope: Well that’s the way that actually turns out, that will be great and that would be our hope is that we can do something like that. Because the expectation strategy, we would be able to accept market pricing and there is really no incentive with in the market for people to get overly aggressive on the 160 gigabyte capacity points which are together. Some improved margins to offset some of the very entry level products that have very low margins.
Q - Rich Kugele: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with J.P Morgan.
Q - Mark Moskowitz: Thank you, I have few questions within me, I don’t want to beat up on the 160 question, but I want to see if you can give us spend at least now; what is the average capacity you are targeting with your 160 gigabyte per platter. Is that only 160 or you also going after higher capacity as far as even from the 320, 400 or 500? I ask you that and trying to get a sense of what can really be the true margin impact as we think about higher capacity trials become the greater peaceful mix going forward?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Hey, Mark Moskowitz let me take that one. The 160 today is a 160 and that’s where we are targeting it forward, we have plans in the future to incorporate that into a higher capacity drives in that point of time, when the technology is incorporated, while others will be targeting capacity is during excess of that. Sure to think about things like 500 gigabytes.
Q - Mark Moskowitz: Okay, thank you. And then as far as the enterprise environment, it seems like you’ve pretty much enjoyed the nice steady momentum in the December quarter. I wonder if you can first give us a sense of how that broke across fibre channel versus SCSI, and then as far as the typical seasonal growth for the March quarter should expect SCSI and fibre channel fall that or can get less than that, given your near-lines data exposure, what’s common?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Well, Mark, this is Brian, I’ll take that one again too. When we talked about the enterprise, we really are capturing just the SCSI and fibre and classic, and what we call mission critical enterprise business. So, really address the fibre and SATA, near-line space somewhat separately from that. So, when we talk about 3.5 million units, that’s the classic definition that we’ve always used to define enterprise shipments. So, I just want to be clear about that. In terms of distinguishing what happened in the December quarter, I’d say we saw a good strength across all product lines; one was not particularly stronger than the other. Through out the quarter, certainly was waited more until December, we saw more strength in the back half of the quarter, which gives us some confidence around the March quarter being, maybe less seasonal then it has been in the past. So, we will be hopeful that the disclosure being flat. As we look at this March quarter, again, I wouldn’t distinguish it for you between SCSI, SATA or fibre in terms of any differential levels of strength.
Q - Mark Moskowitz: Okay, and then lastly Charles if you could, do you have sense of how we should think about the tax rate a longer term given with the industry outlook, do you think its the same to be on improving track and honestly your profit outlook is improving by the day, should we expect this tax rate to move up towards 10% I know you have a good deal packs holidays and some of the programs, and then keep that down by, maybe you should way in their please.
A - Charles C. Pope: Well, I’ll need to address this question on the Seagate standalone basis; we don’t really have a basis yet to evaluate what the tax rate would be on a combined basis between Seagate and Maxtor. But as we sat and look out the, where our revenues and profits associated with the companies are, they tend to be very strongly concentrated outside of North America, and consequently given the structure to company, we believe that we can probably maintain a tax rate out the 5% to below level for an extended period of time since we sat and look at it.
Q - Mark Moskowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller with Hoefer & Arnett.
Q - Mark Miller: Since, no one else said so, congratulations on another record quarter, very wonderful quarter. Just 2 questions here, you’d Charles want to some detail to discuss the end managers from component, lower component counts, we will have 160. Mostly, we’ve also have the advantage since you will be several quarters ahead of your competition. In terms of learning curve efficiencies, which translates in the better yields, I am just wondering how much cost to manage that is since I assume you will be the ahead of the yield curve , because you’ve been producing 160 gig longer.
A - William D. Watkins: All right that’s absolute, the accurate, we began shifting the 160 gigabyte per platter product in volume in August last year. And so given the fact that we’ve only heard a sched on the map from one another competitor, and it was kind of, somewhere this time it seems we may, will have a year lead on the competition there. Its been a while since I’ve calculated it, but to drive level 1% point of yield can be anywhere in the range from $0.08 to $0.12, $0.15 or something. And so you are right, maturing and getting the yields up and then coming down the cost curve with your suppliers and everything else gives you an incremental advantage beyond just the lower component count.
Q - Mark Miller: Sure, the second question is guess, the two questions about merger of Maxtor, is revenue attrition and certainly I, was bullish as anybody about your retrained more of it. But I just wonder if you can address, how ready how are you, compared to your competitors, who were at full capacity and won’t be buying a new plant in China and elsewhere. Already are you to be able to produce including components, I see you raised a CapEx. Virtue have an event or simply because you are getting this plan all the people that have the build news plans, ad capacity your fine new sources for components. I am just wondering if you can talk about that?
A - David A. Wickersham: Its Dave, Mark let me take, its Dave Wickersham. So as far as how we are prepared to begin it, it’s a little early and the apple outlook that we provide, I want to clarify that is a kind of organic, Seagate Pro. So with Charles outlook, it likes purely the Seagate organic growth that we’d anticipate given our customer fallen demand. As far as our ability to leverage going forward, one of things that we highlighted as significant assets of Maxtor brings to the table is media capacity as well as the China facility that you’ve mentioned. But from our perspective, that perhaps bring another advantage to leverage the fixed assets that we have today as well as some of the assets and resources that Maxtor would potentially bring to the combined company. So the other thing again, back to our model that your familiar with that I think it just a very unique opportunity and that is it’s just a whole deal is about leverage and scale and it’s ramping the process is we know, the products we know, the assembly lines, the test lines we know. So, we think that takes the considerable amount of risk out of the deployment and transition to the share volumes going forward, so I would think that we’re again uniquely positioned because we’ve got both Intel components additional capacity for one of the precious and constrain commodities namely in the media, as well as some of the assembly capacities that the China facility will bring to the combine company.
A - Charles C. Pope: Mark this is Charles, let me elaborate on that one that was in the call we had when we announced the acquisition, the question was that whether or not we might be bringing out some capacity to facilitate the transition of products suppose to go and we indicated at that times that would certainly make sense and that we would look at that it’s a little bit to early to evaluate with you have finalize evaluating, what that means to us and how we might go about doing that certainly as we go throughout the next few months and I would hope that if I, the time we have our April call, we would have some meaningful information to give everyone on that depending on the status of the close.
Q - Mark Miller: But that I guess from not much what you said with you certainly you have a I assured a rule to go where the someone who is trying who gain share from Intel who is not inherited the plan that you guys double to and the advanced even retrain good deal of that shares simply version of how to do as much is I believe you could comment as like to do is that correct?
A - David A. Wickersham: Mark, Dave again, let me, I would say I agree with that I think, the other point I would make and is the unique advantage in terms of being a head of the curve on product transition and technology transitions, so while folks are contemplating what’s your ramp and where to ramp we know that technology as Charles indicated we maturing the technology, so we’re I believe in a comparative advantage likewise and we’re not behind the curve from a technology or product perspective.
Q - Mark Miller: All right thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum.
Q - Christian Schwab: Quick question regarding the 160 gigabyte platform, how long before you believe you will be close to a 100% utilizing that platform on both the 160 and then the 80.
A - William D. Watkins: Close to a 100% by the June timeframe.
Q - Christian Schwab: Wow, and so then that wouldn’t would to be logical did that without making product and so it will logical that of course we would take a bladder out of the 320 and a flatter out of this 500’s would be able to tweak the heads too 167 platters that logical?
A - William D. Watkins: It’s logical the new products coming out.
Q - Christian Schwab: Fabulous that’s all I have thank you.
A - William D. Watkins: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Timmons with Robert W. Baird.
Q - Frank Timmons: Hi thank you. I think you mention that script that feedback from the investor community on the proposed merger was really positive and I am just curious what feedback have you gotten preliminary from your end customers?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Yeah Frank this is Brian, we set a pretty expensive dialogue as you might imagine with customers globally and I would characterize that feel very supportive the rational behind the, those acquisitions.
Q - Frank Timmons: And with respect to, and that feedback, does it change your thoughts all about the potential revenue impact, about the share loss?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: All right, this is pretty consistent with what we announced today we announced a merger which is just those transaction believes highly accretive that it relatively aggressive to assumptions around revenue attrition and as we said in that call we reiterate again, we think we can do much better than most aggressive assumptions.
Q - Frank Timmons: Okay, I thank you and my last question would be to ensure not that we seen any change in the computer dynamics and how they might be rank into that?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: No I don’t things to like if your questions where on price behavior or any product announce from competition, I’ll think we seen any thing at this stage it’s early, we certainly would expect that our customers are competitors with viewed us propose acquisition in the same light than you may have used once in the past, a little enter something difference since here in the past competitors have been from mergers of this type and so you can expect that they will try to anticipate where they may identify so acting the code loan that’s so far we haven’t seen any movement.
Q - Frank Timmons: And nothing more like aggressive sales tactics or camping’s that way?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Not so far.
Q - Frank Timmons: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Kaiser with Bear Stearns.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: You are there Richard? I think we move on to next question.
A - William D. Watkins: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Rose with Susquehanna.
Q - Philip Rose: Hi thank you. Perhaps I missed if could you go through by-product segment the directional change in blended ASPs and then about what drove the overall increase in the ASP and then finally I don’t know if I missed it but did you provide new revenue guidance for the full fiscal year for 2006. Thank you
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: I’m trying to take him in reverse order okay. We didn’t provide new revenue guidance for full fiscal ’06 and the ASP let me address the overall blended ASP first it went up about $2 quarter-over-quarter that was absolute a product mix result because in everyone of the product categories there was price erosion from the September quarter to the December quarter and in fact there was a little bit more erosion in the December quarter and there was some in September quarter but it’s a still at the low end of the historical ranges so that it was represented the environment that we have described to you where there are some component tightness of relatively balanced environment for us there is not abundance of product down the channel either. So and we’re expecting a normal environment it relative to pricing in the March quarter kind of that low end of historical ranges that it still again price erosion with them all the various product category.
Q - Philip Rose: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sherry Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Sherry Scribner: Hi thank you. You commented on the type of the class media, but I didn’t hear anything on a aluminum can you give us any detail on the tightened send that, and I have follow up.
A - David A. Wickersham: Yes, Hi Sherry, Dave Wickersham, I’ll take that yes in addition to last subsidiary constraints we continue to see very tight supply on the little bit on both subsidiary finish media capacity so despite the fact that Seagate and other independent media suppliers have had a capacity that some of the growth and mix of the Brain describe with us coming from PBR or near-line in our case, we continue to see very, very strong mix up and demand on components so we continue to see our storage in aluminum as well through this quarter.
Q - Sherry Scribner: Okay thanks.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Describing that storage I want to emphasize that the outlook for the given to your completely independent with components for the guidance that we have given.
Q - Sherry Scribner: Okay and then also on the inventory I noticed that the finish goods number picked up a little bit sequentially can you give us any color on that and what maybe in that number.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Sure, periodically we find it’s appropriate to place some product on surface and in this particular case ocean transport in set of air particularly on entry level products where there very low margins and we have an opportunity to save some money so that even looking at the time value of money it’s very worthwhile to use promotion shipment. We choose to do that towards the end of December to position some products for the month of January.
Q - Sherry Scribner: Okay great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Kaiser with Bear Stearn.
Q - Richard Kaiser: Hi I am sorry it’s Stanford Bernstein. Thanks for taking my question, a couple of things. First on, it seemed that inventories grew significantly faster than sales in a quarter and finish goods where there 50% as you reported, Hutchinson also increased inventories and last Intel said channel inventories was up. My question, I guess is did your channel inventories increase in the quarter?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: No they did not.
Q - Richard Kaiser: Okay.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: I think, one of your comments because I talked you said finish goods was up 50%?
Q - Richard Kaiser: Enhancements please?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: It was up $28 million so that, it was up less than 10%.
Q - Richard Kaiser: I think I am speaking on a sequential basis so let me see.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: I am not….
Q - Richard Kaiser: Sorry for the confusion. Yeah I’ll just have to take a look, and second with respect to placing you seemed to employ in your release, placing on a rate basis was down and can you just talk about why that’s reverse versus recent kind of trends.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: You mean 5 was more aggressive.
Q - Richard Kaiser: I am sorry the finish goods just for clarification in your release though it’s finish go through up on year-over-year 56% did I miss to read that is there some miss statement in that release?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Year-over-year I don’t note the number of…
Q - Richard Kaiser: Yeah its 56, okay good.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: I think in the December quarter…
Q - Richard Kaiser: Yeah.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: A large part of the pricing is actually determine that the end of the September quarter and I think that, that was an expectation that there would be more capacity and more products available in things like that so we did find the environment for the pro-pricing in the December quarter to be a little more aggressive. It help during this quarter well but it was, see for the declines than in the September quarter and thus you can see those declines were upset by product mix and, and cost reductions.
Q - Richard Kaiser: Are there any particular product categories which driving reduction analyst?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: No, it was pretty broad space.
Q - Richard Kaiser: Okay great, thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Jones with Bear Stearns.
Q - Ted Jones: Yes, I, just a couple of things to qualify. Did you say that the SEC filing was complete on January 13 or is yet to be completed on January 19?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: The Hart-Scott-Rodino referred to filing those forms January 13.
Q - Ted Jones: Okay, and you said that the proxies for the merger as well as the, of the share insurance fully acquisition will be solved in mid March, is that correct?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Correct.
Q - Ted Jones: Why is that taking so long to follow this proxy?
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Well we have a number of things that we need go through you have Maxtor and Seagate both running to get their in RK 10-Q and RK 10-K out and have finalized to review in the audits of all of those and so that’s probably been biggest stake in the sign line of the preparing these documents.
Q - Ted Jones: Okay, great thank you.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Anymore questions?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Shah with Thinner Capital.
Q - Robin Shah: Yes, hi, I have just one question. Equate Seagate 2006 guidance; you structure in any our market share…
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: No we can’t really hear the question, could you have Robin speak out through more closer to a phone.
Q - Robin Shah: Hello, can you hear me now.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Yes thank you.
Q - Robin Shah: So my question is for your Seagate standalone 2006 guidance. Do you expected in any market share loss as the result of the potential merger is next to…
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: Robin, this is Brian let me take the attendance, answer been definitive no we don’t, we don’t see any organic should allow some Seagate site because we announce acquisition for 2000 service.
Q - Robin Shah: Okay thanks.
A - Brian S. Dexheimer: We will take one more question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line Ananda Barora (ph) from Banc of America.
Q - Ananda Barora: Hi guys thank you for taking my question. I guess just a sort, two things 1) getting back to the mediate tightness, term I guess on the last earnings call sort of have been stimulated that substrate tightness, might persist, I guess the way you made it sound buyer is as well as lies was for the portals, you know the calendar years fix because the time that you get equipment from the substrate equipment manufacturers its kind of, it sounds like, we’ve pushed out I mean by two quarters, so given the pricing it looks like, sort of I guess it’s the, the high I guess in a lower end of seasonal in December quarter and may even see to next couple of quarters, so I get here your thoughts on, what we should expect from a substrate media, I guess capacity situation. I know it’s a toughest job but this is just what you’re seeing here right now as we head into this year?
A - David A. Wickersham: This is Dave, let me take that again. In the case aluminum substrate like glass substrate we have to add incremental capacity. We as an industry both the components of Fire, Seagate and others so that seems consistence that in our 30 delays and these as a ramps sort of that’s for in terms of getting capital equipment on in terms of coming up yield curves, qualifications et cetera, there is this time such business for in but it is tight and we remain tight. And I would say that, that would continue through the balance of the calendar ’06, that’s correct.
Q - Ananda Barora: Okay thanks a lot. And then I guess last question enterprise business sort of take it that in previous conversing result. Enterprise business I guess, mark a wide seems to be a little bit and expect the December quarter and, three year results and other results of others, is there any I guess incremental positive demand that you guys are seeing I mean, which you think will carry through, or do you think it’s a sort of a like a December quarter budget flash last and something was peculiar going on here?
A - David A. Wickersham: You know, other than the comments that Bill made his opening as, the evidence of the 60% year-on-year growth and had to buy some sort of reviewing measure that you want to make. But I think a lot of times, people confuse our success and growth in the consumer electronic industry as, only attributable to that segment, and in fact if you look at where the content and flows from and in some cases to, which enterprise how much of that was well and so some of our enterprise customers I believe are benefiting some facts, the content is moving rapidly and proliferating more rapidly as per se evidence in the, in the kinds of numbers that we offer, which I think there is somebody enterprise growth as you can attribute to been associated with growth and consumer electronics and specifically current improvement. Other than that it’s not found anything secular from the IT industry that will be causing any unusual growth clearly I think, where we say mostly in December was seasonal as we see in most December quarters.
Q - Ananda Barora: Okay guys thanks a lot.
A - David A. Wickersham: Nice thank you.
Company Speaker: So, on behalf of the entire Seagate management team I like to thank our Seagate employees around the world for the contribution from that outstanding quarter. Thank you all for joining the call and afford to see in next quarter. Thanks.
