===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Smurfit Westrock 2025 Q1 Results Webcast and Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ciaran Potts, Smurfit Westrock, Group VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ciaran Potts: Thank you, Sharon. As a reminder, statements in today's earnings release and presentation and the comments made by management during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the factors identified in the earnings release and in our SEC filings. The company undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements. Today's remarks also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and in the appendix to the presentation, which are available at investors.smurfitwestrock.com. Before handing over to Tony, I would ask that you limit your questions to two and should you require any clarifications on what we are discussing today, myself and Frank will make ourselves available after the call. I will now hand you over to Tony Smurfit, CEO of Smurfit Westrock.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Ciaran, and good morning, good afternoon, everybody. I'm joined here today by Ken Bowles, our CFO, and I'm delighted to again report a strong first quarter performance across all of our regions in line with our stated guidance. I'm particularly happy at the structural improvement we have shown in our North American region, which, you will all recall, is in the early days of our integration together. Our EMEA and APAC regions performance was good, given the environment was somewhat challenging, while our Latin American region performed very well, driven by our value approach. I'm delighted to say that our synergy program also remains strongly on track and is expected to deliver the 400 million of promised synergies within the tight timeframe we have set. Moreover, having put the two businesses together, we now see very significant operational improvements that will garner at least the same again in additional benefits. This is something the team is working on day in and day out to ensure that Smurfit Westrock continues with the objective of becoming the highest performing company in our sector. As you're all aware, we in the management team are all stakeholders in the company, and through the lens of being owner operators and treating capital as our own, we continue to review our asset base at all times, both through investment and return on capital, optimizing our system to ensure that our assets are and will be, in the future, best in class. We are relentless in our pursuit of excellence and will continue to adjust and develop our asset base as we go forward. We have proven over the years that we are effective stewards of capital, having successfully navigated many different challenges over the decades. The key to the development of Smurfit Westrock will be ensuring that we have a well-invested asset base that can be developed for the benefit of our customers to ensure the best quality, the best service, the best innovation and the highest standards to give our customers and our business leaders the chance to win in their marketplaces. As such, we'll continue to invest in our asset base to ensure these objectives are met. Across our regions, we're reducing our cost base in our paper mill systems, investing to improve reliability and output and ensuring we have the best converting machines available to meet the needs of our modern customers. We have recently authorized an initial investment of around 25 converting machines across our system to begin implementation in 2026, which will also help to lower our operating costs so that our shareholders can be rewarded for these investments. We remain excited about the number of opportunities we see to continually optimize our system for growth but also for cost takeout. In line with all of that, and as and when appropriate, we continue to look at rationalization opportunities within our system. And while these are very difficult decisions to make, it is entirely in line with our philosophy of ensuring that our stronger assets get stronger but at the same time increasing operating efficiency. In the last 48 hours, we've announced the closure of over 500,000 tons in paper capacity in the U.S., which coupled with the recent actions in Mexico and the Netherlands totals nearly 600,000 tons. These actions will make the company stronger as we invest to ensure better longer-term returns across our business units. I remain very excited about the combination we created some 10 months ago. We have an unrivaled geographic scale, operating in 40 countries and many different product areas where we have strong leadership positions. What has been heartening in such a short period of time is to see the improvement in our North American business, where our commercial approach and the focus on plants-level autonomy has been embraced and is contributing to improved margins. At the same time in North America, we have streamlined our operations and have significantly reduced SG&A costs by a reduction of over 1,800 people, and this being prior to the recent announcements. In our European market, which is currently on an improving trend, we continue to have industry-leading returns with our innovative and sustainable packaging offering. With a very well-invested asset base and highly motivated people, we have many exciting growth projects in certain regions and certain business areas, while at the same time continuing to tackle our cost base. With regard to our LatAm business, you will see that we continue to execute as a result of our leadership positions and our market-facing approach. We continue in Smurfit Westrock to see obvious cost take-out opportunities. I have authorized us to implement close to 140 quick-win projects, as we call them, that will deliver around 50 million of extra EBITDA in the North American region and over 60 projects in the European and APAC region, which will deliver 20 million in 2026 and beyond. These projects give guaranteed cost take-outs with IRRs ranging from 25% to 150%. In Latin America, we remain focused on expansion, where we see an opportunity, especially in our Brazilian market, to grow rapidly with new facilities in different parts of the country. I'll now hand you over to Ken, who will take you through our financials.
Ken Bowles: Thank you, Tony. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you again for taking the time to join us. As you can see from the highlights here on slide 9, the business delivered a strong first-quarter performance with net sales of over $7.6 billion, adjusted EBITDA in line with our guidance of $1.252 billion, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.4%. This is a significant improvement compared to the combined performance of the business for the same period last year, showing double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA for the group and an improvement in our adjusted EBITDA margin. The performance reflects not only our relentless focus on cost, quality and efficiency, but the incremental benefits of our synergy program and some early-stage benefits of our operational changes, including our operating model, and all underpinned by our strategy of value over volume. As Tony has outlined, we are well on our way now as a combined business, and while the geopolitical outlook is uncertain at this moment in time, we are confident in the future success of Smurfit Westrock thanks to the unrivaled geographic footprint and product portfolio. Our experience management team and the dedication and commitment of our people to our customers. Packaging at the end of the day is a local business, and with the vast majority of our business operating in the FMCG sector, we are, and have proved to be in the past, a highly resilient business. Turning now to the report of performance for our three segments in the quarter, and starting with North America, where our operations delivered net sales of $4.7 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $785 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.8%, an excellent outcome. As a result of the combined results in the first quarter of last year, we saw significant margin improvement due to higher selling prices, which more than offset cost headwinds on energy and labor and higher mill downtime, coupled with lower corrugated volumes year on year. Corrugated box pricing was higher compared to the prior year, while box volumes were down 4.7% on a same-day basis and 4.3% on an absolute basis. Our third-party paper sales saw a low single-digit decline in the quarter, while consumer packaging shipments were 1% higher when compared to the prior year. As growth in food and beverage products more than offset a decline in our smaller home, beauty and healthcare product lines. We have taken significant actions to streamline the central functions of the segment and to continue to optimize and invest in the asset base. Ultimately, we are changing the business model to drive profit responsibility at the mill and the box plant, while retaining strong central capital controls, where we see significant opportunity to drive profitable growth and higher cash generation through the cycle. Looking now at our EMEA and APAC segment, where we delivered net sales of $2.6 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $389 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.1%. Exiting what was a challenging year for the industry in this region, our operations continued to demonstrate resilience as sales remained stable and our adjusted EBITDA outcome was only moderately lower compared to the prior year on a combined basis. Leaving an EBITDA margin of over 15%, a testament to the skill and dedication of teams locally and continue to deliver for our customers and manage a volatile cost environment. We also saw a higher corrugated box price this year, near a more than offset by headwinds, predominantly on energy, recovered fiber and labor. Corrugated box volumes were broadly flat on an absolute basis, but 1.5% higher on a same day basis. To consolidate our leadership position in this region, we have continued to make significant investments through new converting machines, upgrades to corrugators and safety systems and substantial investments in our bag and box business. We continue to meet the evolving needs of our customers with market-leading quality, innovation and service. Our LatAm segment again remained very strong in the first quarter, as you can see here, with net sales of half a billion, adjusted EBITDA of $115 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of over 22%. Again, when looking at the comparative performance year and year, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin were significantly higher in the first quarter of 2025. Corrugated box volumes were 6.3% lower on a same day basis, with Argentina remaining in outsized drag on the region's demand picture, along with our value of our volume strategy playing out as expected in Brazil as we continue to roll through a sizable portion of uneconomical legacy contracts. Nonetheless, by leveraging our strong track record in quality and service, we successfully implemented pricing initiatives that more than offset a negative currency translation impact and lower box volumes to deliver this strong result. Latin America is a region we are proud to have operated in since the 1950s and benefits from growing economies and a diverse customer base. By leveraging our deep understanding of each local market, Smurfit Westrock is well positioned to continue to drive long-term success in this region. Turning now to slide 11, and I'm pleased to confirm that our synergy program is progressing well, as planned, and we are on track to deliver $400 million of full run rate synergies exiting 2025. We expect to realize approximately $350 million in adjusted EBITDA this financial year, with $80 million being recognized in their first quarter, reported earnings of $1.252 billion. Moreover, we see at least $400 million of additional opportunities following from a sharper operating and commercial focus. The drivers of this medium-term target are multifaceted and involve our longstanding value over volume philosophy, the rationalization of high-cost capacity and consolidation of production to more efficient plans, and to the rollout of our operational best practice and our suite of unique innovation tools. And finally, as we noted in the release, consistent with our disciplined approach in running a balanced system, and before we see the impact of the announced capacity closures, we expect to incur additional downtime in the second quarter, costing approximately $100 million over the first quarter. And while the demand outlook is uncertain, we expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $1.2 billion, and our current estimate for a full year adjusted EBITDA is between $5 and $5.2 billion. And with that, I'll pass it back to Tony for some closing remarks.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Ken. While we're just a little over nine months into our transformation journey, we have delivered and will continue to deliver meaningful progress. I'm very happy how Smurfit Kappa and Westrock have come together to create Smurfit Westrock with operational and cultural integration progressing very well. As Ken has said, our synergy program and operational and commercial focus are delivering a meaningful improvement in our business. We continue to see significant opportunities to develop the business across all our regions and product lines. Equally, as we've demonstrated by our recent actions on capacity rationalizations and cost take-out, there are continual opportunities to reduce our operating costs, underpinned by our disciplined approach to capital allocation. While we are still at the early stages of our journey at Smurfit Westrock, with the innovation, the quality and service that we can give to our customers, we are confident that we will deliver for all stakeholders. While there's no doubt that we are in uncertain times, we believe the actions we're taking today and will continue to take will translate to superior operating and financial performance in the months and years ahead. And with that, operator, we will go over to questions and thank you all for listening.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Good morning, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. I'll stick to two as requested. Firstly, just on your 2025 guidance, I just wondered if you could elaborate a little bit around what are the assumptions that go into that. Are you, for example, assuming similar kind of box volumes in the North American business for the remainder of the year that you saw in Q1? Or maybe a bit lower, given the run rate seems to be deteriorating, at least at the moment. And are you, for example, in Europe assuming that a second board price hike, which many have mooted but has not yet been recognized, is successful? And have you factored in OCC? Yes, just digging into some of the assumptions there. And then the second question is just your comment about the plan for 25 new machines next year. I think it was early days, I appreciate, but does that mean that CapEx in 2026 could be much higher than 2025 or within the kind of envelope that you've previously been indicating? Thanks.
Tony Smurfit: Let me take a bit of it and I'll ask Ken to jump in when I miss something. On the second part, CapEx, we haven't really even thought through yet what our CapEx number is going to be in 2026. We're obviously front running a lot of the programs that we have in place for our STRAT plan to ensure that we get the benefit of these growth opportunities, primarily growth opportunities and cost reduction opportunities, some of them are, to be able to implement during 2026 and to get the benefit as early as possible. You know, obviously our CapEx plans are going to depend on what the environment is and what we see the future environment is. And we feel very comfortable with the assets that we bought. We feel very comfortable with the positioning of the company. And the question is what growth is going to be there and what opportunities do we have for cost takeout is going to really reflect on how much we spend. But it's very early days, Charlie, but I think we're just getting a jump on a relatively small amount of capital for 2026. And the good news is for anyone who's listening is that we don't have a huge pipeline of big projects going forward into 2026 or 2027. So we can adjust pretty easily the organization as to how the environment is. And that's always been a key tenant of this company is to make sure that we have the agility to be agile and that's what we will continue to be. And obviously, as I mentioned in my notes, that we are all owner operators and we want to make sure that whatever we do is in the best interest of the shareholders for the short, medium and long term. And so that will decide what we spend in 2026 and beyond. But no decisions yet and we're not, to use the euphemism, we're not at all ahead of our skis here. With regard to the box volumes, what we're saying is we don't anticipate very significant box volume improvement. In fact, probably because of our value strategy, we'll probably continue to improve our earnings but probably lose some volumes. But at the same time, we are seeing very, very significant adoption by our people about the way that we're managing the business. And I think that's going to be extremely beneficial for the company as we move forward, both in regard to profitability because at the end of the day, that's what I believe it's about. Profitability but equally about winning business through the innovation approach that we've had in Europe. And you can see our margins in Europe have very significantly outperformed our peers and we expect the same to happen going forward. It'll take some time. Rome isn't built in a day and making sure that everybody understands the innovations that we have, the applications that we have. We just hired a brand new innovation officer for the United States. He's with us two years. He's learning the ropes. He's an excellent guy apparently. So we're going to bring that forward. And then finally to your last point about the hike, there are so many moving parts at the moment. Waste paper has gone up a lot or recovered fiber has gone up a lot, but energy has come down a bit. So we just have to wait and see over the next week or so to see what's going to happen with the second increase. But the first increase is solidly in both in North America and in Europe and I think that's going to benefit us going forward into the rest of the year, especially if volumes come back.
Ken Bowles: I think there are only probably two small things out there, Charlie. I think on the CapEx question, I sort of go back to the comment Tony made in his script, which was around discipline capital allocation and irrespective of how we see the outlook, our capital allocation always kind of fits into that. So we phase in time as we see fit depending on the environment that's ahead of us. But equally as Tony said, we're not carrying a lot of CapEx into 2016, so lots of flexibility and agility. On the other side, a lot of the assumptions haven't really changed from where we were. If you think about where we are now, I think the big impacting factor there is the 100 million incremental downtime Q1 to Q2. I think if we went back to the year end, we probably saw that Q1 to Q2 incremental cost year on year was probably in the order of 10 million to 15 million. So that's really the big impact between where we see Q2 now versus where we might have seen it back in February and indeed the full year versus where we see it now.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Great. Thanks.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on a solid quarter in a tough environment. And then Tony can much appreciate it in terms of the increased transparency in the deck and providing us 2025 guidance. It's just helpful for all of us to kind of think through just given all the volatility. So I guess first question, you guys announced sizable mill and box footprint optimization. Any color on how to kind of size up the cost savings associated with this? And, Tony, when you kind of look at your footprint holistically, whether it's the U.S., perhaps Europe as well, are there still any noticeable opportunities to take out more capacity? I'm particularly curious in Europe and on the SPS side for the U.S.
Ken Bowles: Hey, Phil. Thanks for your feedback. It's good to see we're kind of progressing in that sense. In terms of the benefits of the two mill closures, if you take them in two buckets, if you like, so the full year impact of those two mill closures from an adjusted EBITDA perspective is probably in the order of 50 million to 60 million of incremental EBITDA through the system of those closures. And from a CapEx perspective, if you take a kind of a five-year general cycle of maintenance capital, there's probably a capital savings somewhere in the order of $100 million from those two closures in terms of maintenance capital avoided.
Tony Smurfit: On the second question, Phil, we continue to look at our system. And I'm a little bit blue in the face at the moment by saying that we've been very impressed with what we've seen in the legacy Westrock mill system. Primarily, we've been very happy with what we've seen. And unfortunately, we don't like to close things, but we'll continue to optimize our system going forward. But obviously, as and when necessary, and as you will have seen that we've taken two machines out from in Mexico. And they're really small and in Holland, without their legacy Smurfit Kappa machines that have, done well for us for many years and just come, it's come their time. And we've taken out a legacy Smurfit Kappa mill, which in the bigger scheme of the Smurfit Westrock system, it was fine in the Smurfit Kappa system, but as part of the Smurfit Westrock system is obviously one of the weaker mills. And that's why we figured that that's the right one to move on. With regard to, and so in answer to your question, we will continue to look at all issues in all grades across all the world, just depending on how the situation evolves. And that's what we've always done in our company. With regard to specifically SBS, what I would say to you is we are continuing to look at all of our system and we have a strategic plan and process that we're continuing to develop. And when we're ready, we'll let the market know about what our thinking is in the various different grades that you'll have seen. We've taken out a CRB mill today, but obviously we're looking at the market and seeing where things go. But when we're ready, we'll address that issue.
Philip Ng: Super. From a demand standpoint, you guys are taking some economic downtime, sounds like economic downtime ahead of your closure in North America. Tony, just would love to get your thoughts on what you're seeing out there. Certainly a lot of choppiness with the tariffs in the U.S. and whatnot, consumer weakening. Any color on how intra-quarter trends progress, April trends? And then it was pretty encouraging to see your consumer business, if I heard you correctly, up one. I think your biggest competitor is seeing a more muted outlook on demand. So any color on what you're seeing intra-quarter and how you kind of think about the balance of the year on the demand side, whether it's container board or your consumer packaging business?
Tony Smurfit: Yes, it's a long question. Let me try and address it. I think that we did see a lot of weakness in March and the first two weeks of April. It seems to be steadying itself. Our order books are getting better in the second half of April than they were in, let's say, the six weeks prior to that. So that gives us some encouragement. So it's a bit difficult to say. I know our competitors are talking about second half recovery. We're not banking on that, frankly. We'll wait and see what happens. If it comes, then we'll be very happy because a lot of our costs are under control. So we'll be very happy if demand comes back in the corrugated and container sector. But we're not, as I say, banking on a very strong recovery. We're banking on some recovery but not a significant one from where we are. With regard to the consumer business, yeah, we had a reasonable first quarter. That market has got choppy. There's no question that there's competitive threats out there that we continue to monitor. And that's something that it has got more choppy in the consumer side of things for sure.
Ken Bowles: Yeah, and Phil, you did hear that right. Keep in mind that 75% of our consumer business is food and beverage. So generally, times like this presents slightly more resilience than, say, the home health and beauty pieces.
Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate all the great color and the good work.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Yes, thank you, Tony and Ken, for taking my questions and congrats on all the progress.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Roxland: First question, I just want to follow up on what you just mentioned, Tony, in terms of not banking on a second half recovery. Can you give us a sense just in terms of how you're thinking about the demand trajectory in 2H and how that corresponds with your guide for the year?
Tony Smurfit: Yes, I mean, we're sort of saying it will be somewhat similar with a little bit of upside because the comparators are a little bit better in the second half. So a little bit better than it is in the first half. You know, honestly, if you look at it, Mike, you'll see the container board side of things. If there's any demand recovery, it will look very strong indeed. So we remain still optimistic – sorry, not still – still very optimistic on the sector. It's a question of when demand comes back. But, you know, I do think there needs to be some sort of level of consumer confidence coming back into the market to see that happening. And, you know, as we sit here, as of, I think it was this week or late last week, the consumer confidence index in the United States market was, you know, not very strong. So we do need to see consumer confidence coming back. And I think that comes back to the whole question of tariffs and uncertainty and getting some certainty in those – in that area for the consumer to feel good in the North American market. Conversely, in the European market, I think things are actually a bit better. I mean, there's – while demand isn't strong, it's reasonable. And, you know, most of our markets are doing, you know, well or reasonably well with one or two exceptions. So we feel good about the European market and our positioning and the pass-through of the first price increase that's gone in. And we'll wait and see whether the second one goes in or not. So we feel good about the European market. That in America, you see the results as very strong for us. We, you know, we took some – we've taken some decisions that we don't – we believe in trying to make money for – and we believe in trying to give our customers excellence. And, you know, in doing that, you know, when you find out the business that you're losing tremendous money on, you tend to let it go because I don't want to run bad business across expensive machines. And that's a message we're putting into our organization all over the place. And, you know, there is obviously there's a consequence to that if you've got some bad business that you're going to have to let it go. And there's an adjustment period of time. So, you know, when we look at the second half, there will be a lot of moving parts, but we still feel very comfortable and happy with our value over volume concept. And as I say, I think it's been well embraced by our people.
Mike Roxland: God, and I appreciate all the color, Tony. And just a quick follow-up. Just, Ken, you mentioned additional downtime of $100 million in 2Q. You had been originally thinking maybe $10 million to $15 million back in February. Where are you taking this downtime? Is that mostly in container boards? Is there some in box boards? And can you give us a sense of the funds that you're taking out? And then lastly, just on the synergy, it sounds like [indiscernible] with exit rate if $400 million, why the shift there in the synergies. Thanks very much.
Ken Bowles: If you remember, yes, I will take the segment first Mike. You would have to get little bit back in '24 so really it's a bit of '24 [indiscernible] you are existing and in terms of phasing I think '18 quarter one if you wanted to kind of keep it very simple the balance across the three quarters and for the rest of the year can get you there and again we get to the end of the quarter two, I can look back and tell you what we achieved. But no real change of phase. It's probably more of we picked up a bit in late '24, when you add them to the '25 you exit '25 at 400. In terms of where we're taking it, we can't really get into specifics, but it's across the system generally, where we kind of need to take it, Mike is the simplest way to put it. So where we feel it's most applicable. And remember, a lot of the mills anyway will be taking downtime for maintenance, just a CapEx project, but not really a spit specifically on container board versus paper board, but across the system.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thank you. And good luck in '25.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Mike.
Ken Bowles: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Gentlemen, [indiscernible] nice work on the first quarter here. Thanks for all the detail. I wanted to ask, we're a little less familiar, as you guys all know, about the European market. First quarter, again, margins really good. Just curious, kind of from a timing phasing standpoint, I'm assuming second half kind of stronger than first half, taking into account the pricing that's flowing through. And Tony, I think in the last call, you mentioned the competitive landscape being a little bit different over there. I think there are three machines kind of starting up as we speak. Just any feedback from that early days in terms of the market?
Tony Smurfit: Yes, I mean, clearly the outlook for the European container board market, if you take it over the next year or so or 18 months, is not as robust as the United States outlook. You know, there are new machines starting up. They're not really in the market just yet, Gabe. They're about to start in the next three, four months and start ramping up then. And, you know, frankly speaking, as I've said before, I have no idea if I was running one of those machines where I'd be selling my product because a lot of the market is integrated and, you know, going overseas isn't a gift. So, you know, I don't and all of the people that are coming into the market have existing capacity, so it's not in their benefit to reduce pricing. So, therefore, we'll see what happens in the European market. But, you know, the outlook is, you know, we've got a very well integrated system and you know our model and it produced, you know, 15% returns in probably when you see other people in, you know, single digit returns and even lower than that. So, you know, when the market does recover, I think you can see, you know, we're building off a very strong and powerful base with our system. And with regard to the first question was?
Ken Bowles: Well, I think the first question was the market dynamics on price and that in the second half and how it works. It's not that they're similar necessarily to North America, Gabe, in the sense that, you know, as paper prices come through to the market, it does take about three to six months before we begin to see them in the box price. So, you know, any incremental paper price, for example, that you might get in the second half of this year or early second half really won't begin to make a meaningful appearance at quarter four at the beginning of next year. So, not necessarily that different in terms of dynamics. Probably slightly more, you know, as a group now, probably slightly more weighted on index and non-index than we might have been before. Smart for capital was broadly 50-50, probably closer more to 60-40 now. So, but in terms of the dynamics of pushing, you know, box prices through from a paper price, broadly similar. I suppose the backdrop for the paper side to follow up from Tony's comment is just to keep in your head that things like energy, you know, in the European context remain, you could argue, elevated and supportive to broadly where paper is. Because, you know, we still have, albeit say this morning, 31 Euro megawatt hour, that's a long way away from the norms of 15 we might have seen years ago. So, the cost, to Tony's point, the cost input backdrop around, be it energy or OCC, is quite different than when those mills and machines were initially started up or touted to go back four or five years. So, the return dynamic is quite, quite different from now than it was then, which is also useful in terms of when they might come on and how they might come on.
Gabe Hajde: Understood. I'll try to be brief. The closures that you announced yesterday, I don't recall if I saw a timeline associated with it. And, Ken, you rattled off a lot of numbers. I feel like I heard an incremental $450 million of, I'll call it synergy or performance improvements, I think is what you said. And then the number you gave us, the $60 million of kind of income statement savings, that was on a per mill basis or that was an aggregate for what you just announced? Thank you.
Ken Bowles: Aggregate for the system, Gabe. So, the impact across the entire system from shilling those two mills gives you a full year benefit of adjusted EBITDA, plus $60 million. In terms of the, and a saving on the CapEx line of broadly $100 million over five years. In terms of the $400, that's back to the commercial opportunities we kind of talk about in, at least equal to the synergy target we put out. So the $400 is broadly banked at this point, as you can imagine. But we've always talked about, going back to quarter three I think is when we first talked about it, still see significant value to be driven out. And that falls into that second bucket of more at least $400. But in terms of the mills, think about its full year run rate, $50 to $60, and CapEx avoided over a five year cycle of about $100. We can circle back, Gabe, to kind of, to button those down if there's any confusion.
Tony Smurfit: And just to finish off the point on the two mills, there is asset value underneath those that will be released over time that will be, you know, at least 50% of the cash cost back.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Lars Kjellberg from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Lars Kjellberg: Thank you for taking my questions. I just want to come back a bit to what you're seeing in your customer business with regards to tariffs and think in particular, you know, the cross border trade from Mexico, but also from the European side. Are you starting to see any directional changes on your customer's business due to those tariffs? That's the first question. The second one, you, of course, in your earlier investment programs, you've had this agility that you spoke to deploy capital when the timing is right. But can you give us a sense of how you should think about incremental self-help benefits into, you know, '26, '27 as the synergies literally will be on the books already exiting '25?
Tony Smurfit: Lars, I'll give that very difficult question to the second one to Ken. I'll take the easy one on tariffs. You know, like the USMCA, which is the main trade between Canada and Mexico and the United States, is in force until for 90 days. And, you know, we obviously, because we did a lot of cross-border trade with customers, mainly in the consumer side, we have been adjusting our supply chains over the last three months to ensure that what is produced in Canada and sold in America now produced in America. And then equally the other way around and less so for Mexico because most of the stuff that's produced in Mexico is for consumption in the United States. So what we're seeing is very little at the moment. You know, we've tried to model what tariffs would cost us if they were implemented as pure cost to us, if they were implemented as originally portrayed by the U.S. And we're sort of seeing a number of an annualized number of around 100 million without any offset to that in pure trade for ourselves if we're not able to get that back. And, you know, obviously that's not what our intention and work around would be. Obviously, the big effect of tariffs is completely unknown to us. If the tariffs come in and it causes demand destruction, that is where we would be affected considerably more than any direct effects. But, you know, that's an issue of consumer confidence. That's an issue of, you know, general consumer demand. And, you know, we are definitely seeing a lot of nervousness out there with customers but not yet any material issue other than the uncertainty that we're all seeing.
Ken Bowles: Hey, Lars. On the soft question, a quick win program. So you'll know as well, and we've done a number of these over the years. So generally, you know, these are projects that will deliver the returns within an 18 to 24-month timeline. It's the only reason they get a lot of money. And particularly work well in inflation environments and high-cost environments like we are now because they allow you to take costs out fairly quickly. And, you know, there's a lot of projects here that add up to the numbers. But, no, not a necessarily kind of big impact in any one particular part of the business system. It's small projects in each individual location. All adding in a system of our size, all adding up to a decent benefit. But you should think about these if they start this year, you know, logically fully implemented between 18, 24 months at the outset with some incremental benefits for the short-term projects as we go through it. But, you know, two years max.
Tony Smurfit: And I think, Lars, just to make the point, that these are just some we've selected. If I were to go to the three regional managers that I have and said you have free reign to go ahead, we'd find a lot, lot, lot more to reduce costs. But it's just a question of management and fitting them in the envelope that we want to do. And as I said earlier, to fill, not to make sure that we don't get to the end of the year. So, you know, we're, you know, we are very, we're very, very religious in making sure that we keep, stick to our knitting of what made the company Smurfit Kappa great and to make sure that we, we make the new Smurfit Westrock. So, you know, we're very, very religious in making sure that we keep, stick to our knitting of what made the company Smurfit Kappa great and to make sure that we, we make the new Smurfit Westrock. The kind of company we believe it's going to be.
Lars Kjellberg: And just one clarification point, when you talked about the cost benefits or even the positives from the closures, what is the timing of getting that benefit through? Essentially, when they're closing the bill.
Tony Smurfit: Second half, we have to go through a process called the Warren Act, which is the United States requirement of 60 days. And so sometime, sometime, certainly by the end of July, we'll have completed that process in all likelihood. And then with regard to the other closures, potential closures that we've asked to speak to the Works Council about in Germany, that will be somewhere between six months and a year, depending on the plan and depending on the movement to the volume.
Lars Kjellberg: Understood. Thank you and good luck.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Detlef Winckelmann from JP Morgan, please go ahead.
Detlef Winckelmann: Hi, guys, thanks for the call. Just a quick one on your $100 million of downtime, economic downtime in Q2. I just want to kind of get a sense of how that plays into the four year number. Are you assuming that that tonnage stays down in Q2, Q3, Q4? Or is there some sort of assumption that that tonnage is maintained, like downtime is maintained or contained just to Q2? Thanks very much.
Tony Smurfit: It's just, it's just for Q2 and obviously, in Q3 and Q4, we won't have the output of the, of the other container board mills. So, so, you know, in a sense, and we'll have got the benefit, we'll be getting the benefit of that, that tonnage onto the existing mills. You know, so it's just, it's a one off. There will always be maintenance downtime, and there will be other bits and pieces of downtime and, you know, probably some machines not working the way we want them to work, but basically, you know, the downtime, the downtime that we're planning because of this situation in Q2 is a Q2 issue.
Detlef Winckelmann: Cool. Thanks very much. That's all for me. Thanks.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from a line of Patrick Mann, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Patrick Mann: Hey, good day. Thanks for taking my question. I've got two. The rationalization of the mills and the 600,000 tonnes you've taken out, but you've also spoken a bit about, you know, optimizing the packaging and the downstream operations. Does it change your net paper position at all? And does that, or how does that factor into the environment? And then the second question is, the quick win projects, does that form part of the operational and commercial improvement, sort of at least the same 400 million synergies, or is it a sort of different bucket of capital allocation? How should we think about it? Thanks very much.
Ken Bowles: Hey, Patrick. It's Ken here. Yes, so the quick win project program will form part of that second 400, and that's why it's on the same timelines we would have talked about of achieving that 400 over 18 to 24. So it fits into that kind of bucket. I suppose, you know, what we're trying to do here is, as we kind of progress through the quarters, give you more kind of building blocks, how that 400 is built, and this is now in a place to kind of, you know, get on top of that. So as we kind of progress through the quarters, give you more kind of building blocks, how that 400 is built, and this is now in a place to kind of, you know, get on with those quick win programs, projects, that gives you some level of kind of certainty around where that's going to come from in terms of, you know, through the income statement, through the capital line, and the returns of it. So no form is part of the 400. Actually, for both mills, for St. Paul and Forney, it does improve our integration levels a little bit. I think for, on the container board side, it goes from about 86% to 89% integrated on container board, and from about 67% before to about 71% on paper board.
Tony Smurfit: Yes, and just to add to that, Patrick, just on the quick wins, I mean, that forms part of it, and that's why we said at least 400 million, because we do see many opportunities, both commercial and through CapEx, to develop this business in a much more material way than before. And so that's why it gives us a lot of optimism for the future.
Patrick Mann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks very much, and thanks for all the colors so far. I wanted just to come back to the first half to second half bridge, if I could. You're essentially assuming about 100 million to 300 million pickup in EBITDA. I caught you right. You are looking for volumes to be flat to up modestly, so hopefully that's a positive. We've got less downtime assumed. You've got pricing in Europe that should, in particular, but also in the U.S., that should be flowing through. So, presumably, you get synergies and some additional net productivity in the second half, and you've got the cost takeout. And so, kind of on the flip side, what are some of the negatives that you might be assuming? One, which I have a specific question to, is waste paper in Europe is a bunch higher right now, which is kind of confusing to me in that the demand environment has been not that great. And so I was hoping to get some color on why that you think is happening. And if we don't get a more sustained pickup in demand in Europe, does that just come back, roll back over? Thanks so much.
Tony Smurfit: I'll take the second one and let Ken take the first part of your question. I mean, on waste paper, you know, it was a very big surprise to us, Mark, to be honest. You know, we had expected, we've been modeling somewhere around 120, 130 for the year, and all of a sudden it goes to 170, 180, you know, in the space of literally six weeks. And it happened because there was an auction in Italy, and one major player who was bringing on new capacity panicked, and then all the other people who were bringing on new capacity panicked, and they bid up the price. And so the question of the sustainability of it is a very good question. We'll wait and see. But, you know, it is, while demand is not fantastic, it's not bad, it's certainly better than last year, and, you know, they're not making that much more waste paper. So, you know, it doesn't take a whole lot to flip it and move it, and, you know, I think the reason, you know, when one guy panicked in southern Italy or in Italy at a particular auction, it made a ripple effect throughout Europe, and that's what happens, because everybody needs this stuff. As you know, Europe is a, fundamentally it's a waste-based market, and so that's what happens, and we'll see about the sustainability of it as we go through the summer. But, you know, there is new capacity in, demand's not bad in Europe, you know, stocks are low in paper, they're about 100,000 tons less than last year, and as I say, demand is reasonably good. So, you know, that's what caused it.
Ken Bowles : Hey, Mark. In terms of just broad building blocks and probably less half one to half two, probably more just to kind of revisit the year to year, but probably more kind of relevant in terms of what we've spoken about before. I don't think much has necessarily changed now we're thinking about it. I think if you think about some of those bigger cost buckets, as we would have talked about maybe at the year-end in terms of where we go full year to full year, in reality, energy is still quite a significant headwind to here. Year-on-year about 350 million, call it, labor and inflation around that in the order of about 200 million. Other raw materials generally, you know, probably a headwind of about 100, and that downtime piece year-on-year is probably costing somewhere in the order of about 150 million year-on-year. They're the big kind of negative against that. You can see, though, you know, if you look at the pricing environment and the backdrop to that, which we would have talked about already today, you know, sequentially year-on-year, box pricing in North America is up broadly 8%, quarter-on-quarter, probably 3%. So you can see that begin to come through the second half. Clearly the paper impact is coming through there as well. And the biggest piece there, back to OCC, was not necessarily seeing it in Europe, but in North America certainly a relief on OCC, probably year-on-year giving you the benefit of somewhere between 100 to 150. So those big cost buckets haven't really moved around a lot since we would have spoken. Clearly, as we've spoken a lot today, the demand backdrop and volumes, clearly the biggest variable that we kind of have to pin down as we kind of go through the second half.
Mark Weintraub: Super helpful, Ken. One last follow-up. How about FX? I mean, we've had some big moves in dollar, euro. I would have thought just on a translation basis that might have some implications. Can you kind of walk us through how that works for you guys?
Ken Bowles: Yes, we've been negative so far, but it's not necessarily material as you see here today given that the dollar has come back a bit. But we can help you model some of that, Mark, depending on where we go. We can give you some stats on taking a euro dollar per in terms of where you see it. But not at the moment, slightly negative, but not material. It's probably the best way to think about it for the first quarter, particularly in Latin America.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks, guys.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fogarty from Deutsche Numis. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fogarty: Thanks very much, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. A number of them have been answered, but it's just one of the exceptionals that we might see this year. Obviously, you've got them associated with the capacity closures and adjustments you've announced today. Could you just sort of step us through what else we should be thinking about? Is there anything else we should be thinking about, sort of accelerated depreciation or anything associated with the closures or any kind of a widely sort of restructuring charges that might hit this year?
Ken Bowles: Essentially, no, Kevin. It's kind of as guided. The new information will be around those closures last night. The cash piece, you would have seen about $99 million. And the impairments of the fixed assets, et cetera, depreciation, if you want, about $188 million. So we'll take the impairments now, essentially, for the second quarter, and then the cash costs will go out over the remainder of the year. So nothing beyond either what we guys already or indeed those impairments from last night.
Kevin Fogarty: Appreciate it guys. Related to synergies, it's kind of as expected, sort of two, three, five.
Ken Bowles: Exactly, yeah. As expected, Kevin.
Kevin Fogarty: Great. All right. Thanks very much.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jain from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gaurav Jain: Hi. Good morning or good afternoon. Thank you so much. So two questions from me. One is, recently we have read that, the Chinese container bold importers who are no longer importing from U.S., they are shifting some of their demand to LatAm. Is this something that you are noticing and do these changing trade flows somehow position you in a better context versus your other peers who are more sort of geographically, fixed? So that was question number one. And the second question was on, future potential M&A. So you have done acquisitions in prior cycles, in prior down cycles. And yes, you just did this acquisition eight months ago and the balance sheet is leveled up to like two and a half times. But if, if we indeed get into weaker macro cycle and there is some opportunity which is too good to pass, would you consider it?
Tony Smurfit: Well, I'll take the second one. Well, I'll take them both actually. Listen, our objective is to get our balance sheet down to towards the 2.0 times. That's what we're solely focused on that we will be making some smaller bolt-on acquisitions as and when if they make sense for the overall company. But, we're not going to do anything that's off the pitch, so to speak. We're very focused on making sure that we bet the organization down. We're very focused on making sure that we bet every part of the business down. There's still a lot of work to do, Jain, about making sure the accounting function works well, making sure that everything, the reporting is great, that the operations are improving, that the integration continues on its path. So there's a lot to do before we would even think about a larger acquisition and do anything off the pitch, so to speak. With regard to the Chinese flows, we are hearing that there are people who are having to adjust. We saw public quotes from some of our competitors taking down time, and we believe that that's continuing to happen. Because of the lack of exports, there are many mills with regard to that have specifically their focus on exporting to China out of the U.S., and that would obviously be problematic for them right now. We don't do any significant amount of exports to China. We do a lot of exports to Latin America where we have longstanding good relationships with, excellent customers, and we continue to keep those and develop those because, we believe in long-term relationships in Smurfit, Westrock, and, I don't think the Chinese thing is going to influence us negatively and can only be positive for us.
Gaurav Jain: Thank you very much.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our final question for today, and your final question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks for all the details, Tony and Ken. There's been a lot of discussion on Container Board today, so I'm going to focus a little bit more on Consumer Board. You're, nine months into the acquisition. What have been the learnings that you can share on kind of an open-mic discussion about the value-address of being able to sell both consumer and secondary packaging? Well, we shouldn't call it that, necessarily, but corrugated packaging across all of your customers, and what's changed, perhaps, again, to what degree you can share versus what your perceptions might have been in July. Relatedly, within consumer, are there any differences that you can share in terms of how you're allocating capital, looking at the footprint and so on relative to how you might go about your business in corrugated, and what should we take away, if anything, other than just your lying footprint with the adjustment in CRB, the fact that you're taking some capacity out of CRB would suggest that, there's a long-term plan. You're viewing it as a, you know, an ongoing business within Smurfit. Any thoughts that you can share would be great, and good luck in the quarter. Thank you, guys.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, George, and good to hear you. Let me be – I think that there is a very good business here in consumer packaging. We've got some great people, we've got some great assets, and we've got some great opportunities. And so we will view this business the same way we view our corrugated business, our bag-and-box business, our SAC business, you know, and decide where the best returns are going to come from as we look at each individual capital request. So, you know, we think we've got a superior offering, or potentially have a superior offering, let me put it like that. We need to work on some strategic elements of it, George, and that's something that we'll work through and we'll communicate to the market when we're able to. You know, we're literally nine months into this, and, you know, we are discovering a lot. You've asked what our findings are. I think it's probably a little bit tougher of a marketplace than we would have anticipated, but when I see the positives, I see we've got some incredibly good people and potentially incredibly good assets and incredibly good market positions to develop. So, you know, that's the work in progress is to figure out, you know, how do we, where do we apply the capital and when and what markets can give you the, give the shareholders the best returns. And that's still work in progress, but, you know, I would say this is a, you know, potentially very strong market for us because there is a cross-sell opportunity. There is a good foundation of business that we can really develop and grow. But, you know, as I say, with regard to the specific grades, we, I mean, you know, you will know that the, and I think I've been upfront on this, is that we do need to have a CRB strategy and we do need to have an SBS strategy and a CUK strategy for all of our operations. And, you know, we're in the process of developing that and when we're ready, we'll come back to you and tell you what that is. But we're not a million miles away from telling you.
George Staphos: That's good. Good to hear. Appreciate the thoughts. Good luck in the quarter. Thank you, guys.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, George. Appreciate it.
Tony Smurfit: So, operator, I think that's our last question. With that, I would say to all participants and all those that asked the questions, many thanks for listening to us. You know, we are very proud of what this company has already become, but as I say, we are at the start of a long journey, a never-ending journey. But, you know, my colleagues and myself are really excited about the future. And, you know, obviously it would be, we're living in uncertain times, as you all know, and, you know, when we get back to growth, this company is going to be extremely well positioned to take advantage of that in every way. So thank you for your time and your attention and we look forward to seeing you in person or at the next quarter call. Thank you all.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 07:30:00) =====
Ciaran Potts: Just as a reminder, statements in today's earnings release and presentation and the comments made by management during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors identified in the earnings release and in our SEC filings. The company undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements. Today's remarks also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and in the appendix to the presentation, which are available at investors.smurfitwestrock.com. Before handing over to Tony, given we have a full day of investor engagement, I would ask you to limit your questions to two, and should you require any clarifications on what we are discussing today, myself and Frank will do our best to make ourselves available after the call. I'll now hand you over to Tony Smurfit, CEO of Smurfit Westrock.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you, Ciaran, and good morning, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us today. As you will have seen from this morning's release, we have reported a strong fourth quarter performance with an adjusted EBITDA of USD 1.166 billion and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.5%. Importantly, for the full year 2024, we delivered a combined adjusted EBITDA outcome of USD 4.706 billion fully consistent with our stated guidance back in October. On July 5, last year, Smurfit Kappa combined with Westrock to create the new Smurfit Westrock Company. The scale and dimension of this company is quite remarkable. As you can see from this map, we have many operating facilities in many regions across the world with principal operations in North America with approximately 60% of our business, EMEA and APAC with 33% of our business, with the balance being in the Latin America, and that's based on revenue. Our combination created the go-to sustainable packaging partner of choice with an unrivaled product portfolio expertise and scale. To put that into numbers, the number of converting facilities, whether they be in corrugated, consumer, bag-in-box, sack conversion or specialty packaging is over 500 units with 62 mills again in different areas of sustainable packaging, corrugated papers, consumer papers and some specialty papers. To support our paper mills, we have over 14 million tonnes of waste paper, which we process as well as having our own forestry of some 300,000 acres, principally in Brazil and Colombia. With over 100,000 people worldwide operating in 40 countries, generating net sales of over $31 billion last year, it's important to remember that in creating this company, we didn't want it to be just big, but we wanted it to be the best. And you can only be the best in any industry if you have the right management team. Every business will, of course, say that people are their greatest assets to the point that one can be jaded by the statement. But I will say that, the Smurfit Westrock leadership team right through all levels is a team that is stable, experienced and has navigated many different challenges over the years, while at the same time, consistently delivering against all performance metrics. This team and the broader team grew the EBITDA margin of legacy Smurfit Kappa from 13.8% to 18.5%, ROCE from 12% to 17.1%, reduced the leverage multiple from 2.8 times to 1.4 times and increased the dividend 10 times. In parallel, we've invested capital to continually improve the asset base and to support customer growth. I'm proud to say, we have built an irreplaceable and high-quality asset base and footprint that is globally unique. In short, most of this team were responsible for the transformation of the former Kappa Group and successfully delivered for its stakeholders. We have done this by very simply sticking to our knitting. We apply an owner-operator model and a performance-led culture with decentralized operations, where every manager has P&L responsibility for their own operating unit. This, of course, means a sharp commercial focus, whereby the company supports management to improve efficiency, operating costs and to deliver for our customers. And of course, this can only be done, if we reward and continually train our people at all levels of the organization to make them feel unique and part of a unique culture. This is what essentially has led to the success of Smurfit Kappa. So in essence, our team and many of our new colleagues from legacy Westrock have joined together so that we can have a successful bigger and brighter future together at Smurfit Westrock. A lot has already been done. Firstly, we delivered to plan at $4.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA. We did what we said we were going to do. Secondly, we developed a synergy program, which we are more than confident we're going to meet, if not exceed the $400 million, and this will be completed by the end of the current year with the benefits realized this year and next. Thirdly, we have dealt -- as we've delved into the business, we've seen many more opportunities than initially thought, at least in excess of $400 million -- an additional $400 million. We believe that by unleashing the power of our people, there are significant operating improvements through cost takeout, commercial approach and Quick Win CapExes to release greater profitability. As you know, I and my senior colleagues have now visited a significant majority of the facilities. And while there will always be work to be done in our operations across the world, in the current year, we have revised our estimated capital spend to somewhere between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, which reflects the strong positioning of the assets. But as I've said before, without assets without -- as I said before, assets without people are nothing. Bad assets can make money, if you have good people and the contrary is also true. I've been so happy in my visits both in Atlanta and the operations around the world to see the enthusiasm and buy-in of people to contribute to the success of the new Smurfit Westrock. In the seven months, I believe there has been a tremendous foundation and platform for growth for the future. Of course, along the way with our model of decentralization and making accountability lie at the closest area it can to customers, it has been necessary to streamline the business. And in this process so far North America Mexico and the rest of the world, over 1,000 people have or will be leaving the company. That said, we've also initiated a major program to train and develop our talent, as we invest behind our people. Like you and the investment community, we believe in investing in good management. In addition to this, over the years, we're continuously optimizing our production. Difficult decisions have been made to streamline assets and you will see from this slide that both Smurfit and Westrock continue to optimize production in both converting and in mills over the recent period. But these are always difficult decisions they make for a much healthier and stronger company in the long term. Well, of course, closing is always difficult. Investing for growth is something we've been continually doing also. Across our world, whether it's in North America, EMEA and APAC or Latin America, converting mills or specialties where we see opportunities for growth we will invest behind them. The examples on this page represent over $750 million of investment in just a few plants phased over a number of years, highlighting the commitment we have to ensuring this company continues to get stronger in order to serve our customers in an efficient and productive way. These examples are purely for illustrative purposes because across all of our facilities worldwide we're investing for growth or cost reduction to ensure our future success, assuming of course these projects meet our expected rate of returns. While we're at the beginning of our journey, it seems hard to believe it's only been just a little over seven months since we completed our combination July 5. What we clearly see is that we will be able to capitalize on our excellent market positions and asset quality to ensure our customers receive their products in the most efficient and reliable way. We see the opportunity to continue to empower and motivate our people, who are and want to be part of our winning team. We believe that we are sharpening our commercial focus across the organization to ensure our efforts and investments have attractive returns. We're committed with our vast data bank of innovative solutions in all areas of our business, to ensure that we give our customers the right innovations and at the right price. And there'll be no change to our operating financial model which is a proven success. We are aligned as senior management as shareholders in the company, and we'll continue to think of capital as a scarce resource which must pay off, so that any capital allocation decisions that we make are in the best interest of all stakeholders. It is a philosophy that has been around this company from the 1930s all the way through to today. I'll now pass you to Ken who will take you through the financials.
Ken Bowles: Thank you, Tony. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you again for joining us. As you can see from the highlights slide here on Slide 14, the business delivered a strong fourth quarter performance with net sales of over $7.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA in line with our guidance of $1.166 billion, an EBITDA margin of 15.5% and adjusted free cash flow of almost $260 million. We are starting 2025, i.e. the transformation journey from a position of significant strength. Thanks to the hard work of teams globally and their dedication to customers and to creating the most innovative and sustainable paper-based packaging company in the world. Turning now to the reported performance of our three segments in the quarter, and starting with North America where our operations delivered sales of $4.6 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $710 million, and a very solid adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.4%. Looking at the historical performance of the segment on a combined non-GAAP basis as per the 8-K filed on 24th September last, we saw a significant margin improvement year-on-year primarily due to higher selling prices, with cost headwinds on items such as fiber sourcing and labor being more than offset by lower energy and distribution costs and by reduced economic downtime. Corrugated box pricing was higher compared to the prior year, while box volumes are broadly stable on both an absolute and same-day basis. Our third-party paper sales saw mid single-digit growth in the quarter and consumer packaging also performed well with volume growth of over 2% when compared to the prior year. As Tony mentioned, we have taken significant actions to streamline the central functions of the segment, and to continue to optimize and invest in the asset base. Crucially, our long-standing philosophy of delivering value over volumes began on day one, and has been embraced right across the legacy operations. Knowledge transfer and the rollout of our unique innovation applications has commenced, and we are changing the business model to drive profit responsibility at the mill and the box plants, while retaining strong central capital controls, where we see significant opportunities to replicate a performance-led and owner-operator culture to deliver for our customers and to drive profitable growth. Looking now at our EMEA and APAC division where the segment delivered sales of $2.5 billion, with adjusted EBITDA of $371 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.7%. Set against the backdrop of what was a challenging year for the wider sector, which we now believe is behind us. In the region, our operations continued to demonstrate exceptional resilience as sales remain stable with adjusted EBITDA, or adjusted EBITDA margin only modestly lower compared to the prior year, mostly due to higher recovered fiber and to a lesser degree higher labor costs, which were only partially offset by lower energy and distribution costs and higher box volumes. Corrugated box prices were broadly unchanged while box volumes are 1% higher on an absolute and flat on a same-day basis. Our commitment to innovation cost discipline and quality has reinforced our reputation as not only the largest integrated player in the region, but also the most reliable packaging and supply chain partner for our customers. We have continued to make significant investments in our operations through new converting machines, upgrades to corrugators and safety systems and substantial investments in our bag-in-box business, all ensuring we meet the evolving needs of our customers with market-leading innovation quality and service. Our LatAm segment, again, remained very strong in the fourth quarter. As you can see here with slides of $0.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $121 million, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of over 23%. Again, we're looking at the comparative performance of the segment on a combined non-GAAP basis as compared to September 8-K year-on-year adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margin were significantly higher in the fourth quarter of 2024. Corrugated box volumes were 3% lower on a same-day basis with Argentina being an outsized drag on the region's demand picture in the fourth quarter, along with our value over volume strategy seeing some pockets of volume contraction in places like Brazil and Colombia, as we continue to roll through some legacy contract structures. Nonetheless, by leveraging our strong track record in quality and service, we successfully implemented pricing initiatives that were -- that more than offset a negative foreign currency translation impact and the lower volumes in our box business to deliver this strong result. Latin America is a region we have operated in since the 1950s and is built on the best of both legacy companies. The region benefits from growing economies and a diverse customer base. And by leveraging our deep understanding of each local market, Smurfit Westrock is well positioned to continue to drive long-term success. And finally, I want to outline how we think about capital allocation at Smurfit Westrock. Those who have followed Smurfit Kappa over the years will know how this framework is both flexible and returns focused at its core. As a team with deep industry experience, which you saw earlier on in the presentation, we see internally allocated capital the lowest risk and highest quality form of investment and that is a key to the future success of our business. Upon closing the combination on July 5 last year, we conducted a comprehensive assessment of our capital needs right across the business. And as in line at the end of October, CapEx for full year 2025 will be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion and well ahead of depreciation. The dividend is also a cornerstone of our capital allocation strategy and the Smurfit Westrock Board recently approved the quarterly dividend of $0.4308 per share, up from $0.3025 per share, again delivering on our promise to pay a dividend stream in line with legacy SKG's progressive policy as we start our full year at Smurfit Westrock. The balance sheet of Smurfit Westrock has significant strength and flexibility, and we are committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating and indeed, given the scale of our operations and our ability to generate significant free cash flow, we are targeting a long-term leverage ratio of below two times through the cycle. We will also maintain a disciplined approach to M&A and will benchmark any opportunities against all other capital allocation alternatives. And the inclusion of other forms of shareholder returns, underscores the flexibility of the framework to ensure that all avenues to create and return value to our shareholders are considered and benchmarked against all options. Ultimately, the framework at its simplest is about creating long-term value for all stakeholders. Lastly, as we noted in the release, the year has started well. Based on that and assuming current market conditions prevail, we anticipate delivering an adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.25 billion for the first quarter. And with that, I'll pass it back to Tony for concluding remarks.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you, Ken. As I said at the outset, I'm extremely excited about where we find ourselves in Smurfit Westrock. In our previous incarnation, we have shown and proved that we are a winning company with a winning team that has consistently delivered superior operating and financial performance. It is essentially the same team with significant, very significant added expertise from our new colleagues in Westrock. This company has a truly unrivaled scale with a geographic footprint that is without parallel with a diverse product portfolio and a library of unique designs in all areas of our business. As we transfer innovation and best practice capabilities across the combined platform, we are and will open up opportunities for a growing customer base. What we have seen is that we have significant value-creating opportunities both for growth and for cost takeout. But of course, we will do as we have always done this in a disciplined way and in a way that ensures we get the returns that have been the hallmark of our company throughout its history. As I said at the beginning of the presentation today, we are so excited to have created a global leader in sustainable paper-based packaging. We're just seven months into our current transformation journey, a journey that we have been on before. In that time, we have brought together two cultures to form the new Smurfit Westrock culture. This performance-led culture will be the bedrock of our future success. Our industry has a fantastic long-term future as a producer of the most sustainable, innovative, transport and merchandising medium that our customers and their customers, the end consumer increasingly value. The Smurfit Westrock offering with over 2,000 designers every day, creating unique products across all of our product ranges, gives us a competitive advantage in this fundamentally excellent market. Our team again, has again delivered in the fourth quarter and indeed for the year. We, as a management team, have an owner-operator culture and are committed to continuing to drive growth, efficiency, innovation and cost takeout so that our stakeholders and our customers win. For the full year in 2025, we expect to deliver both continued and meaningful progress on this transformation journey. Thank you for taking the time to listen to Ken and myself, and I'll now hand you over to the operator for your questions. Thank you operator, and we'll take questions when you're ready.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our question. Your first question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. I guess it's great to see your box volumes in North America in the fourth quarter actually stack up pretty in line with the broader industry, despite taking a value over volume approach. So I guess my question is, Tony, as you kind of pivot to having a bigger focus on generating proper returns on the box side and how you commercially approach things taking more local level, what's been the early learnings thus far on the commercial side? And have you seen -- how have the contract discussions progress as you kind of enter the new calendar year?
Tony Smurfit: Yes. It's a very good question, Philip. I mean, I think, the value over volume strategy has been implemented really during -- let's call it during the second half of last year. So we didn't see any real negative effects on volumes as we've gone through understanding some of our profitable and unprofitable customers. And so I would suspect you'll see some volume degradation as we have moved forward into fixing some of those core issues that we've encountered. But that said, the value side of that should well offset that with -- in the majority of the cases. So I think the shortage -- the volume performance that we've had in Q3 and Q4 has been not really affected by some of the issues that we've been addressing and we would expect to see some of those as we move into the first half of this year. I think in particular market of Brazil, for example, we did see some effect where we're pushing very quickly on certain issues and you saw our volumes contract a little bit in Brazil, but yet our profitability went up in Brazil and I suspect you'd see the same effect as we go through 2025 in our other markets. We haven't thus far lost anything significant. But I mean I'm anticipating that we'll probably lose a little bit. But then on the other hand to counteract that Philip, we're going to see our innovations come through our ability to show our customers better ways to package. So all of those things will be in the mix as we go through 2025 and into 2026. And it's actually interesting in Brazil one of our larger customers that we did lose is already coming back to us. So when you have good quality and service and customers need you then maybe you'd be mispricing a little bit in the past.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's great color, Tony. Appreciate it and pretty encouraging out of the gate. And then forgive me I'm, obviously, a lot newer to the European containerboard market. I noticed you and a handful of your peers have price increases in the marketplace for February and March. I guess, out of the gate what's the feedback from your customers and if you anticipate seeing traction? And can you walk us through the mechanics too and how do you see box prices progressing sequentially in the next few quarters? Since we've seen containerboard prices fall the last few months call it in the last three to six months, but you have increases out there. So due to box prices, I guess trigger? And any color, how we should think about box prices in the next few quarters sequentially in Europe?
Tony Smurfit: Yes. Again it's an excellent question, Philip. I mean, if you look at our margins in Europe and I think you can do the work yourself to see how we can stack up with our competition, you'll see that we've radically outperform because of our innovation and business model. And that's in spite of falling paper prices, which have fallen very substantially. And you'll see from, again, some of our independent third-party players that actually produce more paper you'll see that their profitability is de minimis to say the least. And so I mean we've always had this seesaw model that when paper went up, our box prices would suffer until we got our box prices up and vice versa. And that's what you've seen in our -- during the second half of last year where our box prices held up pretty well and we've been able to transfer profitability from paper to boxes. The paper system is completely at the bottom and that's why the industry in general somewhere between depending on the market Philip whether it's Italy, it might be a bit less where in Germany it's a bit more and the central areas somewhere between €30 and €80 has been implemented during the month of February as well as kraftliner, which will be -- which we've announced a price increase for March. And so I suspect they will all go through. And then we will be transferring from corrugated to paper, and then in the next six months that we'll be transferring from back into our corrugated box system and that increase in paper. So it's a continual area of improvement underneath that where we're continuing to invest in our paper mills to reduce their cost base. And then at the same time invest in our corrugated business to increase its innovation. And that's what's worked for us. And then if you look at our margins, obviously, we'd like them to be higher than 15.5% or 15-odd-plus percent, but relative to the most of the peers that's a much higher level because we have this integrated model that works so well.
Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate the great color. Thank you.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas Exane. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one just relates to the $400 million plus of operational and commercial improvement opportunities that you've identified. I just wondered, if you could give us a little bit more color on some specific examples, and particularly what actions you've taken so far and what are planned to be implemented in 2025?
Tony Smurfit: Yes. Well, I mean, I'll take the first piece of it. It's very simple Charlie, that there was a lot of underselling going on in the past. And clearly, when you get back to plant level responsibility and you see some of the margins that exist, with some businesses and contracts that have been signed, while you can't get out of all the contracts initially, those that you can get out of you will immediately do so, and you won't lose all that business, because you're actually a very good supplier and a high-quality supplier with very good OTIF, which legacy Westrock has been doing it. In general, I would say, it's a good quality supplier. It was a good quality supplier that had been underpricing many of the businesses, much of the business that it was doing, despite investing in its assets over the years. And then the other improvement, I give before I hand it over to Ken, is that frankly speaking, a lot of the things relative to how the businesses were run, were not correctly done, because there wasn't enough focus on it. So we're obviously giving it the right focus, as we push things down. And Rome wasn't built in a day, so it doesn't happen very quickly. But what we can see is just by doing the basics much better, then we'll have tremendous opportunity to improve each and every business. I mean, we don't have in Europe or in the legacy Smurfit Kappa, any businesses in corrugated that lose any substantial amount of money and that's not the case in legacy Westrock and we intend to fix that. And just by that alone, it's something that we hadn't banked on. It's nothing to do with the synergies. It's just about pure basic, running your businesses better. And the people are capable of doing it. It's just they need to be, let's say, the vast majority of people are capable of doing it. They just need to the right direction and we're giving that. And I think that's working very well. I have to say that one of the things, I've been incredibly impressed that is the quality of the people down at the operational level. Indeed, many of the people in Atlanta, who are really getting on board for this program of becoming a part of a winning team. And as I say, I've been really impressed with so many of our new colleagues in Westrock, that I can't speak highly enough of them. Obviously, not everybody is going to make the cut, but those that do, are really going to be part of a winning team. Ken, do you want to add anything?
Ken Bowles: Yes. Hi, Charlie, I suppose, if you leave aside the commercial side of the house, look, it's about shining a light in every aspect of the cost structure that exist. And remember, when you think about this combination, there is two very large public companies coming together. So there's a lot here about leveraging the size and scale of the operation in terms of, what would naturally be combined programs, whether that's around insurance arrangements or external suppliers of the same service or actually just fundamentally looking at the systems in play and rolling out one over the other. So, we're kind of finding them on a phased basis. It would be difficult to kind of pin it to any quarter. We'll know, where they're there. But a lot of things, just wait for the contract to renew. And again, we don't -- we're not going to renew that because, we already have a system in place or we've chosen a different provider or we leverage it for the future forward. So I think, it's kind of an iterative process that everybody is on board with. Both organizations had very active cost takeout program. So, it's not a skill set that's unknown to either side of the house. I think what the level, we're asking to go to here is basically, go back to if you think of the centers, is go back to zero-based budgeting and kind of justify the spend and go from there, which in reality is what the teams are doing. So it will appear in the numbers across the year. But I think, it's more than we said in October, outside the $400 million synergy target, this number we have we have real confidence over because, we can see and feel it around us and progressively the teams are seeing and feeling it as well beyond, if you like the commercial stuff that Tony talks about. So I think, we'll see it come through in the year. And in reality, we're already seeing some of that come through and some good ideas around, how we can accelerate that.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Fantastic. And just my brief second question. Just regarding, your Q1 expectations, can you give any color on whether you think maintenance costs are going to be particularly different year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter? And if there are any other big moving parts, you want to call out that's embedded in that guidance, beyond the kind of operating and pricing and volumes, et cetera? Thanks.
Ken Bowles: Yes. Sure, Charlie. I think the year started well from the demand perspective. So probably not a lot coming through there in terms of its volumes will be fine. In terms of pricing, given Tony's comments on where paper sits, unlikely to see any massive impact on paper or box in the first quarter. Broadly most of the cost book has remained stable. Energy in Europe, clearly spiking a little bit over the last few days, OCC kind of trending around the same kind of levels. And then in terms of maintenance downtime quarter-over-quarter, I think the net impact is actually largely material. I think it's $10 million less in quarter one versus quarter four last year.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Great. Thank you very much.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gabe Hajde: Thanks and good morning.
Tony Smurfit: Hi, Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: I wanted to ask about just the price discovery process in North America, specifically but just now that you've had six months or more and looking across both sides of the pond. Price discovery in North America, how important is that process kind of on a more medium-term basis? And at this point, do you guys sort of envision trying to decouple from some of the benchmarks that are out there implementing your own kind of pricing models with your clients over time?
Tony Smurfit: I'll take the second part of it Gabe, and then I'll ask Ken to talk about the first part. Obviously, there's a lot of noise about RISI, and whether or not we should decouple. I mean we in a sense are decoupling to some extent, because whenever we feel that the pricing of individual customers is badly done then clearly we'll talk to them. And if there are other extraneous factors such as inflation, such as higher costs in a particular region of energy then we will again address that individually with our customers. And we have made a lot of provisions in many of our contracts in Europe, specifically about putting in inflation clauses that weren't there in the previous cycle, if you want to go back to prior to the inflation movements. So we have adjusted things considerably. With regard to RISI, I don't yet have a better benchmark. We try to be fair with all of our customers over the long period of time. And basically, there is one benchmark out there for our customers and ourselves to try and look to see where pricing movements of paper are going and that's RISI. And so we don't have a better benchmark than that. Sometimes, you could argue that the tail wags dogs and I know some of our competitors have been saying that that the integrated – or sorry the independents are wagging that particular issue. But I think over time, it has proven to be a reasonably good benchmark. But you do have to have within your own pricing with customers ways to move things if things go outside of the paper movements and that's what we do. So until somebody comes up with a better idea, we'll probably stick with where we're at with our customers because we think it's basically fair. Now I'm not saying they get it right all the time they don't. But like obviously, that's what we think is the best movement for the time being. Ken?
Ken Bowles: Sure. Hey, Gabe, hopefully, I'm understanding your question correctly, Gabe, but if I don't please, correct me. But in terms of our price discovery, if you like within Westrock, I think fundamentally I think the model at the Westrock business operated was one of an integrated margin across both businesses. So combining the paper and the box business to deliver one combined margin for the organization. That's sort of counterintuitive to us slightly because you take the focus on the mill and the box plant individual and we see those as two profit centers. So I think when we broke out of that and place the mills back in the mills and boxes to boxes, you were able to see quite clearly where value was being delivered and quite simply where value was not being delivered. I think you aligned that though with the profit responsibility at the local level which we're driving down which gives people a very individual focus on what they're achieving and delivering and quite simply against our peer set in the country and indeed against the group overall. So it is really about being as granular as you can on the income statement and giving people responsibility and control and indeed accountability over all those items. And that flows directly into where our capital sits, because quite simply the model is we allocate capital based on returns but you need to be able to see those returns at the lowest level possible. And indeed generate those are trying to generate additional capital at least you can see where capital wins and capital quite simply doesn't win. So I think that the discovery piece was moving away from a blended margin back to individual margins which allows pure accountability at the local level. Hopefully I've captured that there.
Gabe Hajde: Yes. No -- that's helpful. One on just maybe more nearer term you gave us a $1250 million for the first quarter and I appreciate there's no good year at least in the past five that's, sort of, representative. But when we think about the organization maybe in halves you're realizing this $400 million of kind of identified synergies plus the incremental is there a way to think about waiting for -- and then maybe taking into account just maintenance. You mentioned I think $10 million lower on a sequential basis into the first quarter, but weighting first half to second half in terms of earnings power for the business.
Ken Bowles: Not really. I don't think -- at this point given where we see it in terms of pricing and the cost inputs Gabe, it's really very largely phased broadly similar quarter-to-quarter as we sit here now. Clearly that will be changed if paper prices come through by the end of March for example you expect to see some price progression on boxes as we get towards the back end of this year. But absent everything else I think when you look at the statement and that comment at the end that Tony makes around continued your progress. I think you can take that as broadly the quarter we sit in annualized plus what we're doing as you say around synergies and some of the other commercial opportunities.
Tony Smurfit: Yes. Typically speaking, Gabe your first and last quarters are a little bit weaker than your middle quarters. But , obviously, it depends on the year, it depends on the movements of different aspects, depends on what happens with energy, depends on what happens with -- but with any number of factors that could be coming in to affect you. But normally speaking your busier months are summertimes for packaging products and spring and summer and fall.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Gabe.
Operator: Thanks, Gabe. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Lars Kjellberg from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lars Kjellberg: Thank you. And thank you for providing first quarter guidance. I just want to get some more sense of the cadence of synergies. I mean you speak to around $400 million by year end. How should we think about this as the year develops? I mean, you've taken out a chunk of fixed costs et cetera and last year and which of course should be in the numbers now broadly speaking. But how again cadence of that? Second point when you're talking about the opportunities beyond that $400 million, do you expect to get any of that coming through in this year? I guess you need to spend the money and -- but I suppose this is not all CapEx related. So any of that should surface in 2025 we should be really looking beyond into 2026 to get that incremental?
Ken Bowles: Thanks, Lars. But the look at my boss' face says I'm getting both of these questions.
Tony Smurfit: No, I'll help you on the second one.
Ken Bowles: It's I think look if we take the synergy number I think you're going to see it phased ramping up as we get through the year. I think the $400 million full run rate for 2026 still sits there. I think don't forget the cost to achieve which is in the order of $235 million. I think the net-net for this year we probably see is about in the $150 million space you'll see coming through the income statement. That includes the cost to achieve. I think in the first quarter you could probably think about that number as being something like $30 million if you want to put something out. But we'll know by the -- we'll sort of know by the end of the quarter what the impact and achievement was all in that sense. On the second $400 million -- a lot of that is not necessarily linked to CapEx predominantly. We are -- we talked a little bit in the last quarter about our Quick Win program. But it's not CapEx dependent. So you should see it come through the quicker we get at it but harder equally to identify because it's just about quite honestly it's the hard yards on taking cost out in a lot of places. And as Tony said earlier on the commercial side it really is about waiting for contracts to come up for renewal and then renegotiating in a way that's more profitable quite honestly to than the previous contract. So more difficult to face. But I think all we can do as you know as well is as we get through the quarters we can give you some good ideas on where we've hit or landed to and indeed how we think about it in the context of the full year probably have much more better visibility as we get through quarter one and two to be fair.
Lars Kjellberg: All right. Just one on the dividend. Was there any other consideration than just getting back to the old Smurfit Kappa dividend or anything else behind that big increase in Q4?
Ken Bowles: It's -- there was a lot of debate Lars as can imagine because you're trying to align two very different policies, two very different payment cycles and two very different trajectories over the last number of years. I think on balance where we left it was if you think about the 2023 dividend for Smurfit Kappa shareholders being at $1.64 I think in real money, the Westrock shareholders probably would have end on the cash base in 2024 about $1.21 actually. But I think the dividend for Smurfit Kappa in 2024 was much higher than that based on the fact that the last two quarters were $0.30, so probably landed in the $1.80 space. So, trying to triangulate between those three things to give what still presents as a progressive dividend forward land us back at we think the Smurfit Kappa 2023 dividend of $1.64 plus a reasonable increase of 5% gives you over the four quarters where you end up with the $0.43. I think equally when we talk about the allocable cash flows and how they're split more than we've done in the past, I think that represents a fair share of the pre-CapEx cash flow. It's probably something in the order of 22% to 25% for the year. So, they were really the broad considerations around how we got there.
Lars Kjellberg: Great. Thank you.
Ken Bowles: Thanks Lars.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Detlef Winckelmann from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Detlef Winckelmann: Hi there. Thanks for taking my question. Just two ones quickly. Maybe the first one just to clarify. You mentioned a synergy number of $30 million underlying that $1.250 billion in Q1. If I'm understanding that right, you should be getting a full year synergy number of $400 million so call it $100 million a quarter. Should I be reading that as $30 million of the $100 million a quarter is already in Q1 or just making sure I got that right before my next question?
Ken Bowles: Detlef you think the net would be $30 million. So, remember the $400 million synergy number had $235 million of costs attached to achieve before you get to the full run rate in 2026 if you like of the $400 million in your base. So, the $30 million for quarter one is a net number. For the full year, on a net basis, synergy minus the cost to achieve, you're probably thinking about given the phasing and timing about $150 million slightly ahead of that for the year.
Detlef Winckelmann: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just one more follow-up. Just regarding energy and you kind of alluded to it earlier that energy prices are spiking. Can you remind us or give us some kind of guidance as to where your hedging is at the moment specifically in Europe on energy side?
Tony Smurfit: We're about 25% hedged in Europe for Q1 and a little bit less than that Q2, Q3 from Q4. But obviously -- so we will have an effect on energy and that's built into our numbers when we look at it. So, it will be not a material increase for Q1. But as I said, that's built into our numbers in our forecast. Obviously, the big buckets for risk are currency, tariffs, and energy. And unless energy were to really go crazy in March, then I think that we'll be okay on that bucket. We haven't had a question yet on tariffs, but I'm sure somebody will ask it shortly. Obviously, we don't know what's going to happen regard to tariffs in March and that's an open question. And then currencies continue to be volatile. And they are -- the dollar being strong is in one part very good, but it also obviously means something in translation of our earnings backwards from euros into dollars, which is the reporting currency. So, there are some pockets of risk that are moving around. But at the moment, we're okay. But we wouldn't want to see energy spike much more than this as we go through into March.
Ken Bowles: And I would also say that don't forget that when energy prices spike before in Europe, we were well able to optimize our system to ensure that we manage that whatever the impact of that was. And keep in mind too that we probably generate about 50% of our energy internally anyway through renewables and everything else and not necessarily fully expose that kind of price for the unhedged portion.
Detlef Winckelmann: Perfect. Thanks. And then if I can squeeze in one more. And I know you kind of alluded to it regarding the maintenance kind of $10 million quarter-on-quarter. But just more in absolute terms in terms of maintenance is Q1 normally quite a high maintenance quarter? I mean imagine Q1, Q4 quite high, Q2, Q3 not as high. Am I thinking about that right?
Tony Smurfit: No, I think Q2 is normally our highest maintenance because you tend not to do -- in some of the colder climates, you tend not to do maintenance during Q1. And in Q4, you don't do it because the weather issues and then of course, getting staff. So, normally, Q2 and Q3 are the biggest maintenance quarters. And certainly if you look at our forecast, Q2 is probably going to be our biggest maintenance quarter.
Detlef Winckelmann: Cool. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Tony, you teed up the question on tariffs. So I'm just wondering, obviously, we don't know what form those will take, but what the potential impacts could be either directly or indirectly when you look at your footprint. And I guess I'm specifically interested in -- you have a large Mexican business. And I'm just wondering, how much product maybe crosses the US-Mexico border there?
Tony Smurfit: I mean Anthony, a lot. I mean at the end of the day, it's not us our products that cross the -- we have a very small amount of direct products of ours that transfer across the border, but all the food and vegetables, fruit and vegetables that we do protein that we do on the Mexican border, the Maquiladora region is going across the board and we package a lot of that. So, there will be a -- I would say a very significant customer effect. And obviously tariffs are on the consumer. So at the end of the day is the consumer going to pay 25% more for their avocados and their oranges and the pears and their apples or whatever they buy? We'll have to wait and see because that will be up to the American consumer and how that affects demand. With regard to Canada, I mean Canada is slightly different for us because we've won big mill in Canada and exports to the United States. And obviously that would -- if that mill had to apply a 25% tariff, we'll have to figure out how we would adjust that mill situation there because that would be very uncompetitive very quickly. So we'll have to think about that. So that will be -- so there are two different things. Mexico is really end customer effect on consumer in America and the other is one specific asset we have in Canada. There are other assets in Canada and we do extremely well with those assets and we've got great market positions. And I have to say as I said before, really impressed with the people up there. But we do export to the United States from one of our mills and that would -- we'd have to take a good look at that and it would have an impact on the profitability of that mill. But how long these tariffs last for? Who knows, Anthony?
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I'm curious in North American consumer, is it possible to say, how volumes or demand has trended quarter-to-date. And I think when you closed the combination, there was maybe a little bit of kind of wait and see in terms of evaluating, maybe the kind of more attractive or less attractive parts of that business. I'm just curious, if you can kind of share your impressions on the consumer boxboard business in North America having the business...
Tony Smurfit: Yes Anthony, we're now a number of months now. And I would say, if you take the consumer converting businesses, I think we've got basically very good assets with very good people. We've got a couple of things to sort out, but nothing -- legacy Westrock has done a great job of closing and consolidating a number of facilities. And I think that we've -- so that's -- I think the converting side is good or excellent. I think our CUK business has global market positioning, sales machines alongside its product, good mill, good market position. So again, I would say is excellent. And then our SBS business, we're a little bit -- well not a little bit -- we're a lot longer in SBS, but we do see some opportunities there because, I think we need a little bit longer, but I do -- I feel reasonably good about the opportunities in SBS at this moment. I might change my mind in three months. But at this moment, I feel reasonably good and I think our team feel reasonably good about it. And then finally CRB, that's clearly an area where the largest competitor in the market has taken a large capital investment plan to develop their business in that area in CRB and the legacy company did not. So, we are still the number two player in the market believe it or not and they're our mills while not great are still supplying our own integration and supplying good quality to our own integration. So that's good. But what plan we come up with for that business depends on how the rest of the market evolves and how we see things evolving in the CRB market. But we're a strong number two player in that business. And customers don't want to have a dominant number one player. So therefore, I think that, we have a strong market position to defend there but we just need to come up with the right strategy for us.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you. Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question. Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Mann from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Mann: Thanks very much for the call and the opportunity to ask the question. Maybe a bit of a follow-up from the prior one. I mean, you're talking a lot about the back to basics approach and improving all the underlying operations. But if you kind of zoom out a little bit and think about the weighting of the business overall in terms of capacity in containerboard consumer board and converting. If I think about the old Smurfit Kappa you're much more long paper for example. Are you happy with that overall weighting in the balance of the business or kind of structurally or strategically is that how you want it to be set up? Yes maybe just a little bit around that. And then the second question would just be about good cash generation in the quarter. How should we think about the net debt target going from the 2.7 to under 2 over time? If you could talk about that. Thank you.
Tony Smurfit: That's great Patrick. I'll take the first and Ken take the second. I mean on I mean our philosophy as a company we were basically fully integrated in some of our in our containerboard grades in legacy Smurfit Kappa and that would be our intention together with some long-term customers which we have and as a seller in the free market Westrock as is probably one of the biggest sellers in the free market Westrock has some very good has a very good reputation. And we have long-term relationships with some excellent customers that pay the correct price to the company. So we would value that. And if you take those long-term customers plus our integration, plus the synergies that we'll get through integration into our Latin American business, we feel that in a not-too-distant future, we'll be basically balanced in our containerboard system. We will not be ever balanced in our sack conversion system, because we don't have very many sack conversions and we do produce lightweight sack paper. And we do produce a -- and we are long in our consumer board grades and that's something that I don't envisage us ever solving fully but we just have to accept that we'll be a seller of those products and take the cyclicality of those particular products going forward. But they can be good or they can be bad at the moment. I think, they're reasonably good most of them. And but with regard to the core the main piece of our business containerboard I would expect us to be with some outside customers basically a balanced situation.
Ken Bowles: Hey, Patrick on the leverage point of 2.7 -- 2.2, I think we pointed as a long-term target through the cycle. But in reality we're already kind of focused on beginning that journey as we would have done on the former Smurfit Kappa side, to kind of bring us out to a better place in terms of net leverage, I think it happens over a few things. I mean, clearly earnings potential of this organization should be ahead of where it is and equally if you look at where we are in this year that suggests that the top line will certainly grow which no doubt helps your leverage target overall. But I think within the business we see some opportunities around working capital in particular to unlock value in the business and I think as well through the capital cycle. I think it's about disciplined allocation making the returns in the right place and by returns that gives you the cash flow. So, I mean in reality I think the skill and expertise we've had in the past has been around -- that allocated capital driving returns and making those returns if you like pay for themselves through the capital cycle. So if you go back to Tony's kind of track record of delivery size the clearest indication of how we see the journey forward for the next few years which is incremental capital going into the business, both supporting the dividend and its progression delevering as a part of that because you should be driving out more cash than you put in, and equally focusing on the commercial opportunity and growing both the top line and but most importantly I I think the margin. So it is a medium long-term target, but I think we're already beginning to look at the target actions that will take us towards that over the more near term in that sense particularly I think around where working capital sits.
Patrick Mann: Yeah. Thank you very much.
Tony Smurfit: I think Ken, is on the selling point. We believe we've got some good working capital opportunities in the business, as we go forward.
Patrick Mann: Thank you, both.
Tony Smurfit: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question. And your next question comes from the line of Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew McKellar: Good morning. Thanks for all the colors so far and for taking my questions. I'd like to start with just a follow-up question on SBS. You mentioned, seeing some opportunities. I was wondering if you could just elaborate whether these are opportunities to sort of improve your own assets and operations or more related to developments in the market? Any more color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Tony Smurfit: Yeah. Matt, I mean, what I've seen so far is pretty good. I have to admit. But maybe the selling of the product hasn't been 100% focused in the right direction. And so we think we've got some opportunities really in the whole -- through our own integration to sell a lot more as we go forward. So I mean, that's really where we see the opportunity is in the marketplace that we can be a little bit more aggressive is the wrong word, but let's say, a little bit more subtle in how we deal with the market which hasn't been done before.
Matthew McKellar: Okay. Thanks very much for that color. And just second for me. On LatAm you kind of talked about continued progress in cost takeout efficiency, optimization of your cost base being a priority. Could you maybe just refresh us on your top focus items and most significant investments here as well as more broadly just what you're hoping to achieve in this region in 2025?
Tony Smurfit: Yeah. I mean, again, I would say the comment is for all of our regions. It doesn't just sit in the LatAm region. But specifically in LatAm, we have a large opportunity in Brazil. We got a very strong market position in that country with really great assets with good cost takeout opportunities which we've already been identifying and doing, and a lot of progress to be made on the commercial side too. Obviously, when we looked at the margins of the legacy Smurfit business and the margins of the legacy Westrock business, they were quite different. And so obviously we're not going to the lower common denominator. We're going to the higher common denominator. And clearly that gives us massive opportunity to improve the business there. So with -- as Ken mentioned in his speech there, we do have issues in Argentina with regard to volume but that's a country-specific issue. It's a fabulous business there. We're number two in the market. And with the innovations that we bring to that particular region, it's a very exciting region when the country stabilizes. That's always a risk you have Matt in those countries that the countries tend to be a little bit more volatile, but at the same time, when I see what -- even in January when I see the results out of Brazil and how we've developed the business in just a short -- such a short period of time, I think it's a huge opportunity for us to grow.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks so much for the help. I'll turn it back.
Tony Smurfit: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now hand the conference back for closing remarks.
Tony Smurfit: Yes. Well, thank you operator, and thank you all for your time and attention today. As I mentioned our objective in Smurfit Westrock is as we've said to realize the considerable combined potential of the companies together. Again, we believe the opportunity is bigger and better than we first thought. Smurfit Westrock I believe is the right business, at the right time. And most importantly as I've said on this call and as Ken has reiterated with the right people to do the job. So thanks for your time. Appreciate you following the company. And look forward to chatting to you individually going forward very much. Take care. And have a good rest of the day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Smurfit Westrock 2024 Q3 Results Webcast and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ciaran Potts, Smurfit Westrock Group VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ciaran Potts: Thank you, Sarah. As a reminder, statements in today's earnings release and presentation and the comments made by management during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, the factors identified in the earnings release and in our SEC filings. The company undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements. Today's remarks also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and in the appendix to the presentation, which are available at investors.smurfitwestrock.com. In order to accommodate all those who want to ask questions, we ask that participants limit themselves to 2 questions during Q&A. And should you require any clarifications on what we are discussing today, myself and Frank will make ourselves available after the call. I will now hand you over to Tony Smurfit, CEO, Smurfit Westrock.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Thank you, Ciaran, and good morning or good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us today. As you will have seen from this morning's release, which is the first reporting period for Smurfit Westrock, I think it's fair to say we reported an excellent third quarter performance with adjusted EBITDA of $1.265 billion and a margin of 16.5%. Since combining our 2 companies on July 5, which is a little over 100 days ago, we have made great progress in bringing these 2 companies together. And I think the results demonstrate that we are building a strong foundation for the continued development and success of Smurfit Westrock. I want to emphasize the enthusiasm and resolve I have seen across Smurfit Westrock to deliver on the combined potential, and I fully anticipate as time progresses, this will be absolutely apparent. When combining Smurfit Kappa and Westrock, we were very clear on the kind of company that we could create. We were going to create the global leader in sustainable packaging. And with the applications that we have and the knowledge we have of the industry, we would be able to deliver the most value-adding and innovative packaging across the industry. We will be able to leverage all of our applications and knowledge across a broader geographic reach and across an unparalleled product diversity. We felt very confident that we could deliver improved operating efficiency and drive excellence for our customers. We also felt that in legacy Smurfit Kappa, we had developed a tremendous culture, which we could bring to the new Smurfit Westrock. A culture that is performance-driven, teamwork orientated with accountability for results and a deep desire to perform and deliver for all stakeholders. And we also felt that our capital allocation approach which is the foundation for the success of legacy Smurfit Kappa in creating value for shareholders would be a fundamental pillar for success in Smurfit Westrock. After the first 100-plus days, we have even more confidence as we enter the next phase of our journey. It is interesting after such a short period of time to see what we have identified in the new Smurfit Westrock, which is nothing short of compelling. Across our world, across our industries, we have excellent strong and defendable market positions. What I have been so impressed with is the level of experience and knowledge at the operational level of legacy Westrock. For sure, we've seen many opportunities for growth and cost reduction. We've also been able to identify a much sharper customer focus where value over volume will be a philosophy to be adhered to. Additionally, all designers, all product innovations, all supply chain knowledge has a much larger pool of customers. This will take time as we develop the systems but is an immense opportunity for growth and for customers to attain unique bespoke packaging to help reduce their costs and increase their sales. And finally, but by no means least, across the spectrum of businesses in the combination, a renewed focus on quality and service and right-first-time through productivity initiatives through further footprint initiatives will deliver higher operating efficiency and customer retention. So that's all good and well, but what have we done so far? I'm very proud of what we've accomplished to date. The new leadership teams across Smurfit Westrock organization are now in place and all are aligned around the culture and the way forward for the business. We have already put over 80 legacy Westrock managers through a short INSEAD program and a further 80 will soon commence the program. 400 legacy Smurfit Kappa managers have already completed this development course. As many of you will note, there have been multiple plant visits occurred with over 85% of the legacy Westrock paper system already visited along with many converting facilities across all regions. We like what we see, and we have generally a very well-invested asset base. We've introduced a much sharper commercial focus whereby we are not going to use expensive machines to run loss-making products. This is an anathema to us and also not good business for our customers. And of course, on a step-by-step basis, we're identifying operational efficiencies, reducing SG&A, reducing the use of external consultants and taking the hard decisions on the reduction in head count. Again, on a step-by-step basis, whereby recently, we've eliminated some 800 positions. Sometimes you have to look back to see how far you've come. In this case, you can see that neither legacy organizations have been standing still. Over the last 22 months, nearly 30 consumer and corrugated facilities have closed as well as 3 paper mills who have also closed and 4 paper mills have been divested. This has radically improved the operational footprint of the combination. In a company of this size, there will always be a continued need to look at different operations based upon operating efficiency and market positioning. But over the last period of time, the combination has radically improved as a result of these closures, significant cost savings have been achieved. And of course, this allows for us to better allocate capital and resources in the future. We know we've done a lot with a lot more still to do, but we have developed a very strong foundation and platform for growth and development. I'll now pass you over to Ken, who will take you through the financial performance, and I'll wrap up at the end.
Ken Bowles: Thank you, Tony, and good morning, everyone. As Tony mentioned at the top, this is our first ever results reporting as a combined business. And with net sales in the quarter of nearly $7.7 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $1.265 billion and EBITDA margin above 16% and adjusted free cash flow of almost $120 million. This is a strong foundation from which we begin our journey. As you'll have seen in the release and likely know already, legacy Smurfit Kappa was the accounting acquirer in the period, and as such, with the combination closing on July 5, the reported numbers here on Slide 10 will not include the first 5 days of legacy Westrock earnings, which equates to around $33 million in adjusted EBITDA for the group. Furthermore, any prior year numbers in the earnings release will be legacy Smurfit Kappa numbers reported on the U.S. GAAP. We have, however, recreated the company's third quarter 2024 results on a combined non-GAAP basis, a little further down in the presentation, and I'll take you through that in a few moments. Turning now to the reported performance of our 3 segments in the quarter. As a reminder, our North American segment includes the U.S., Canada and Mexico, I am delighted to report a very strong quarter. Smurfit Westrock North America has leading market positions in both corrugated and consumer packaging and security of supply across a number of paper grades to feed our diverse network of converting operations. As Tony also mentioned, operational improvements have begun already, and we have an even greater conviction in the growth potential of the business, having spent the first 3 months gaining a far deeper understanding of the legacy Westrock operations. Those of you who followed this Smurfit Kappa journey over the years will be familiar with our long-standing approach of delivering differentiated packaging solutions, becoming a supply chain partner of choice and prioritizing the value we deliver to our customers over delivering volume. This is a track record we are very proud of. And as for Westrock, we are already seeing the initial benefits of aligning this commercial strategy across the organization. In the quarter, our North American operations delivered gross sales of $4.6 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $780 million and a very solid adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.8%. Looking at the comparative performance for the segment on a combined non-GAAP basis, as per the 8-K filed on 24th of September, we saw a significant margin improvement year-on-year due to both higher volumes and higher selling prices with cost headwinds and items such as recovered fiber, energy and distribution alongside wages and other inflationary costs, which were more than offset by reduced economic downtime aided by increased internal paper integration and operational improvements. Corrugated box pricing was up compared to the prior year, while volumes were 1% -- 1.1% lower on a same-day basis. We saw weaker demand in the South and Midwest region, stable volumes in the North Atlantic region and solid growth in Western states. Finally, Consumer Packaging performed well with food and beverage demand growth of 4% year-on-year. And now looking at our Europe, EMEA and APAC division. Much like the U.S. and Canadian elements of our North America segment, our European operations saw a limited operational overlap post July 5. With an addition of mainly consumer converting facilities to complement legacy Smurfit Kappa's #1 market position in corrugated and containerboard and our existing consumer and specialty packaging operations. In the quarter, the business delivered gross sales of $2.7 billion, with adjusted EBITDA of $411 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.5%. Corrugated box prices were down year-on-year, although they continued higher versus the previous quarter, and we expect to see continued box price recovery going forward. Corrugated volumes were up 2.7% on an absolute basis or 0.7% higher on a same-day basis. The adjusted EBITDA margin was lower year-on-year, predominantly due to lower corrugated prices and higher recovered fiber costs, partly offset by higher volumes. Our Latin American segment remained very strong in the third quarter, and as you can see here, with gross sales of $0.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $116 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of above 23%, this is an excellent outcome for a region we have operated in for over 40 years. And again, when looking at the comparative performance of the segment on a combined non-GAAP basis as per the September 8-K, year-on-year EBITDA was broadly unchanged. The region saw lower average box prices and lower box volumes in year as shipments per day were down 2.7%, with demand in Argentina being a particular drag on segment volumes. However, we also saw generally lower operating costs offsetting these movements with the margin performance being helped by our unrelenting focus on cost and operational efficiency. As mentioned earlier, Slide 12 shows our third quarter results for the group prepared on a combined non-GAAP basis. I don't propose to dwell on this slide as the reported numbers for the 3 segments are included here, plus the legacy Westrock sales and earnings for the first 5 days of July, which I think gives a more complete picture of the company's performance in the third quarter. With Westrock's adjusted EBITDA margin of over 6%, Smurfit Westrock's adjusted EBITDA margin of over 16%, the company is beginning its first chapter from a position of strength. And speaking about that journey ahead. Slide 13 maps out our capital allocation framework. Those who have followed the performance of Smurfit Kappa over the years, will be familiar with it. Our capital allocation framework will remain flexible and returns focused at its core. As a team with long-standing experience in the industry, we believe that capital allocated to internal projects, what we see as the lowest risk form of capital will be central to our future success. We are taking a disciplined bottom up approach to assessing the capital needs of the business. And as Tony said earlier, having visited the vast majority of the legacy Westrock operations, we are very happy with the asset base and the opportunity to unlock significant value through operational improvements and empowering local plant managers who are closer to the customer. Having spent some time assessing the initial capital needs of the client company, we believe that for the full year 2025, total CapEx will be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. The dividend is another cornerstone of our capital allocation strategy. And as a reminder, subject to board approvals, Smurfit Westrock intends to pay a dividend in line with the progressive dividend policy of legacy Smurfit Kappa. As we harmonize the different dividend streams and payment cycles for the remainder of 2024, we are paying a dividend for this quarter of $0.3025 per share. In Smurfit Westrock, we plan to remain disciplined in relation to M&A and benchmark those opportunities against all other forms of capital allocation. The combination between Smurfit Kappa and Westrock undoubtedly transformative in nature was rooted in our history of discipline, best illustrated by combining both companies on equivalent enterprise multiples to create a global leader in sustainable packaging. The balance sheet at Smurfit Westrock has significant strength of flexibility, and we are committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating. We also believe that given the size and strength of our operations and the ability to generate significant free cash flow, Smurfit Westrock can be less than 2x levered through the cycle. And the inclusion of other forms of shareholder returns underscores the flexibility and agility of this framework and ensures that all avenues to create and return value to our shareholders are considered and benchmarked against all other options. Ultimately, the framework at its simplest is recreating long-term value for all stakeholders. And with that, I'll pass it back to Tony for some concluding remarks.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Thank you, Ken. You know I have a saying that success is never a straight line. But in legacy Smurfit Kappa, we have proved over a long period of time that we deliver against all performance measures, and this is evident on the slide in front of you. I won't go through every point, but please note that as Rome wasn't built in a day, neither is a great company, and Smurfit Kappa was a great company. But I have the utmost confidence that Smurfit Westrock will be an even better company with an even better coverage with a better product portfolio and with great people consistently delivering for our stakeholders. This is a journey and not a destination. We will continue to optimize our operating model. We'll continue to be customer-centric in all that we do. We continue to have a performance-led culture where responsibility lands at the local plant level and we'll continue to capital discipline, which has stood Smurfit from its inception back in the 30s, recognizing that all capital must be paid for and that all capital invested in the business must return, provide a return for our stakeholders. Layering on top of that is ensuring that we continue our sustainability and innovation leadership. We believe this is a central element to our success, both now and in the years ahead. And of course, with that, as you're all aware, we identified some $400 million of synergies, which I would call hard synergies, which will be delivered. We make the point that there is considerably more potential than this $400 million, at least the same again as we implement commercial practices and improve our operating efficiency through the combination. This is driven by the owner/operator mentality that we have introduced at Smurfit Westrock. All senior managers are significant shareholders, and as such, understand the need for higher returns. As I said earlier, I'm deeply encouraged by the level of skill, experience and knowledge that exists at local level, which we in Smurfit Westrock will unleash. I'm also encouraged by the initial benefits we are seeing from this approach. And while we expect this year to be approximately USD 4.7 billion, this is, of course, is not the summit of our ambitions. As Ken said, in the year ahead, we will invest somewhere between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, which is lower than our initial estimate for year 1 without affecting our expected returns. As we run through the course of next year, we will be assessing our capital needs to take advantage of the opportunities for development across our world for the new Smurfit Westrock and we'll update you further as we -- as our thinking progresses. I do hope that you'll all understand that we have very significant opportunities ahead for this company, and we look forward to delivering on those opportunities in the short, medium and long term. And now with that, operator, myself and Ken, we're open to taking any questions from anyone on the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question, this is from the line of Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas Exane.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Just 2, please. Firstly, on the full year guidance, is taken literally with no decimal places beyond what you've given, it suggests a slight reduction in EBITDA in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Is that a fair assumption? Or is there a bit of conservatism or just rounding in there? Or are there any particular factors we should bear in mind such as maintenance downtime in the long paper position in North America, for example?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes. Charlie, the guidance is based on -- this is the first time we've gone into December with NewCo. So therefore, obviously, we tend to be a little bit conservative. But also there is -- there's $60 million of additional downtime and a small -- some downtime and maintenance downtime that we have built into this quarter that we didn't have for Q3. So there's an additional $60 million hit for downtime, both for commercial downtime in some of our consumer mills and also in just regular maintenance downtime that is more than in Q3. So some degree of conservatism, we hope. I mean, obviously, December is always a funny month and then the $60 million hit.
Ken Bowles: I think Charlie -- Charlie, it's Ken. I think as well, if you look at the year-on-year, you can see the progression quarter 4 versus quarter 4 is still quite significant in '24 over '23 for the combined non-GAAP basis. So keep that in mind as well.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Yes, will do. And secondly, just on the CapEx plan for next year and I guess the midterm, historically, you guys have managed to target as sort of mid- to high-teens pretax return on anything that could be considered beyond maintenance spend. Given what you've seen from the Westrock business, is the opportunity better there, perhaps because there's more low-hanging fruit or less because of sort of more of that budget needs to go into sort of catch-up maintenance?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: I wouldn't say it's catch up. I mean listen, we think that's a reasonable number to be looking to go for on nonmaintenance CapEx, and I wouldn't rush to change that right now. But obviously, there is a lot of opportunity as we are bringing the 2 businesses together and our thinking together and how we approach the customer and that includes some investment to make sure that we deliver right on time, first on time to have OTIF to our customers at the historical levels of Smurfit Kappa and that's not an overnight job, Charlie, but I mean, I think we have a plan and the capital investments that we see for next year is taken into account what we need for next year. But then obviously, as we go through the year and we see where the opportunities are and the way to continue to reduce costs, we'll develop that out as we go through the year and then communicate accordingly.
Operator: This is from Lars Kjellberg from Stifel.
Lars Kjellberg: Congrats on the first 100 days. Just a couple of questions on synergies, you seem to be executing quite rapidly. So can you share with us how we should think about the cadence of those $400 million that you've spoken to. And then secondly, of course, the next comment that you made about finding incremental -- meaningful incremental operational and commercial improvements that could deliver a similar or greater number than that. Anything you can share today and again, in terms of pace and delivering that and what you've identified?
Ken Bowles: Lars, it's Ken here. On the -- what Tony described in his script, is the hard synergies. I think we're still on track as you would have outlined in September that by the end of next year, we will have trapped all that $400 million so as you go into '26, if you like, you've got the full year run rate on that number. And we are getting through some of those. So some take longer, as you can imagine, particularly in terms of optimizing the system and integrating tons and not displacing the market. So we're very much on track in terms of what Tony describes as the hard synergies is very much in line with what we would have said back when we closed the deal in July. On the other bucket, if you like, the number we expect to get through operational improvements and everything else, that's probably going to take slightly longer. We would expect to get some of that during '25 and the rest are in '26. It's probably more like an 18-month 2-year time frame to execute all of that simply because a lot of that's probably wrapped up in terms of commercial opportunity and when contracts roll off and how we see about it and linking back to Tony's point around improvements around OTIF and quality and service and everything else. But in terms of simple wins, it's taking cost out around some areas like consultants and extra in '25, which will come through fairly quickly. So it's probably a slightly longer time frame than the hard synergies, but it's not a long-term goal. It's still 12, 18 months, 24 at the max.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: I think, Lars, just as an overall view on it, we're very much streamlining the business to devolve responsibility back to plant level and to operational level that head office is there to support not to run the business. And that is empowering people to understand that their P&L is their responsibility and obviously, when you look at your P&L and you find you've got contracts that are not necessarily good ones. Of course, some of them are -- take a while to unwind. But they do unwind and then obviously, we'll -- I mean, I hate and we hate as a company to have extensive machinery running businesses where you don't get a return, and it's no good for our customers either because then you get yourself in a situation where you're not able to continue to invest in the business and grow the business. And so we have a very strong view in how we run the business, as you know, over the years. And I think when you add into it that all the applications and the tools that we have to give to our customers to help them reduce their costs, not necessarily reduce our margins, but help them reduce their costs. Then it's a very powerful organization and what you can bring to customers and customers want to work with you. So I think we've proven over the years in legacy Smurfit Kappa, how to do it. And it's not an overnight success. It doesn't just happen straight away. But over time, with the empowerment we're giving I feel really comfortable when I see some of the people that we've met in legacy Smurfit Westrock -- or sorry, legacy Westrock that we've got a huge opportunity here.
Lars Kjellberg: One follow-up, if I may. You spoke to somewhat lower CapEx requirements, at least near term in 2025. What have you found as you toured those 85% of the mills that has potentially surprised you, you alluded to that obviously, there's been an ongoing business improvement. Does that have anything to do with that lower CapEx number? Or is it just we need a bit more time to identify where we're going to spend more money?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Well, we are spending a bit more in legacy Westrock and a bit less in legacy Smurfit Kappa because we are very well invested in Smurfit Kappa through the programs that we've done. And we are spending a bit more. There are -- I mean, obviously, like even in legacy Smurfit Kappa, not all of our assets are perfect. And we've just closed this year a mill in France. And we tend to deal with things when we need to. So there will be always things to do in the asset base of the business. But what I've been very happy with is that the assets are very well maintained with very good people. Most of the consumer plants that we've seen are good or excellent, and that's across the world. And sometimes I have to pinch myself of how good they are, frankly, the -- some corrugated box plants need work. But there are some that are truly excellent, and so sometimes a bit -- and the mills -- on the mill side, there are some mills that are -- won't be around in 5, 10, 20 years, but there are many that are, I think, about I think 65% of the corrugated mills are in the first or the second quartile as we see it and plenty of opportunity to improve those in the third quartile, as we go forward. So I think we've got a strong mill system, which is at the moment in time, relatively sold out. And as we integrate more to our own businesses in Mexico, as we do a little bit of small movement of product around the place, it gives us a lot of hope for the future.
Operator: This is from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Tony and Ken, I had a question, I guess, maybe based on the information that we have and our modeling, internal model, I appreciate that. It looks like legacy kind of Smurfit was a little bit below what we would have expected. And I'm just curious if you can give us the cadence of kind of price or what you expect to continue to realize based on movements that have already transpired if that question makes sense?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes. I think basically, our -- if you look at our European system, the German market has not -- I mean, it's promised to improve all through the year, but it hasn't. I mean -- and so it's a bit of an anchor in business. It's our largest market in Europe. So I suppose if we were to say where it's disappointing, I'd say, Germany slightly -- not slightly, it's disappointing in relation to how we have a very good system there that hasn't been able to exploit its strategic advantages because we haven't had the volume this year that we would have expected. So if you said where we've fallen down a little bit, it's in our German operations that really haven't hit the ball out of the park. Most other businesses Gabe have done okay to our expectations and we've had some very strong performances in places like Spain and the Eastern European businesses. But overall, we would have liked to be a little bit better in Europe. And where we're not is because I suppose of Germany. And I don't think that's going to be a surprise to you. Obviously, we would have expected slightly more. When we sat here in April, and we were talking to you, we would have expected that the Olympics and the European Cup would have brought forward some consumer spending. And while comparisons are getting tougher and we're staying line ball with those comparisons versus last year, which is, I suppose, good thing. It's still not massive improvement. I think we're about 3%, 2.5% up year-on-year, but that's not on a same-day basis. We're about 1% up on a same-day basis. In Europe, overall, taking into account the weak Germany, not particularly great in France. So we didn't see the pickup of demand that we would have anticipated when we were sitting here back in April based upon the events that were supposed to happen. But it's not awful either. It's just a big sort of let's get out of the year, and let's see if at lower interest rates next year, we'll start to hopefully help consumer spending.
Ken Bowles: I suppose, Gabe, just to add on, Tony, where the volumes are sitting in relation to the comps and remaining strong, I think it's also fair to say, while corrugated pricing is probably down 4-odd percent year-on-year, I think sequentially, Q3 over Q2, we saw a bit of improvement there, too. So it's not all doom and gloom, it could be slightly better.
Gabe Hajde: No, listen, I mean, I think the data in North America hasn't been great either. Okay. I'm going to try to frame this up for you all. Maybe second half EBITDA combined of 2465 is directionally what we're coming up with. Trying to think about kind of calendar '25, and I appreciate you gave us a CapEx number. If we were to double that and you already told us the December quarter is tough to predict and then layer in some $250 million, $300 million of synergies, would that directionally be what we should be thinking about for '25 and then we can make our own assumptions for volumes? Any other moving parts that you would point us to would be helpful as well.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: I'm definitely giving that one over to Ken.
Ken Bowles: I can see myself and Tony visually kind of said no, you take it, no, you take it. I suppose, Gabe, the first thing to say is we haven't produced the budget for' '25 yet, and we haven't taken to our Board. But I suppose in the round, I don't think your direction travel is off what we see because I think if you look sequentially through 2024, you see improvement in Q2 on 1 as a combined, 3 and 2 and indeed 4 and 3 and 4 on 4 last year.  So I don't think where your starting point is. And as Ciaran and Frank said, they can -- clarifications they can have to do it anyway. But we haven't put -- we haven't kind of finished and finalized on the budget for '25 yet. But I don't think your thought process is that off the mark either.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: And I wouldn't disagree. So we are agreeing.
Operator: We now take our next question, this is from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Looking at North America, I was wondering if you could talk about and maybe contrast the performance of the corrugated and the consumer businesses. And Tony, I guess, could you talk about your impressions of the consumer business more broadly, given that it's a little bit of a different exposure than the Smurfit business?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Okay. Well, we have obviously consumer businesses, not just in the United States, but also in Europe and actually the rest of the world, which is where Westrock were -- had businesses. And so my overall impression of the consumer business is a very good business, very well run, good equipment, good people. We've segmented it now into 3 different areas, which are food, into beverage, and into health and beauty, and they're very complementary to our businesses. And we expect to continue to improve those businesses, both through investment and through putting plant-level responsibility back. And as I say, I have been nothing short of very impressed with the consumer side of those businesses. Still lots to do, and we'd like the market to be a little bit stronger in certain areas. But overall, good mill systems for consumer, are -- certain parts are good. Obviously, there's an issue with SBS in the marketplace, and we need to figure strategically out how to deal with that. Our folding boxboard machines they're smaller than the main competition, but there is basically ourselves and main competition, which has graphic packaging. And while we're going to be obviously way smaller mills, but way significantly less capital invested in those mills. So we just need to figure out what's the shape of those as we go forward. With regard to the corrugated business, I think, as I said earlier, I'm pretty happy with all the mills. There's 1 or 2 that we have a question mark for the long term, but we need to figure those out. But basically, what I've seen is good or very good. And especially internationally, when you go to the Mexican mill system or the Brazilian mill system, it's outstanding. And then on the corrugated side, we have certain areas in certain regions that are -- we need to change the focus of certain of the box plants. But that's just -- that's work in progress and normal stuff. But we haven't even started right now, Anthony, in bringing in our innovation from Europe into the United States yet. That's work in progress. That's going to take a little bit of time to get the system, as I mentioned in my script, get the systems right, make sure that -- and we have the right person leading that. So a little bit of time to get there before we're able to transfer all the worldwide knowledge of packaging that we have into our corrugated system. But it's coming and it's going to be huge for our customers, and it's going to be a big opportunity for our customers to have better packaging in the United States.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then with your approach to the box business or the carton business and the focus on value over volume, I think you referenced maybe potentially some contracts turning over. And I guess to the extent that you anticipate maybe some churn in customers or maybe a period where volumes could be a little a bit choppier. How long does that process take to kind of sort that out? I mean is that 6 months or a year or 2 years?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: No, it's not -- it's -- basically, Anthony, if you have a bad business, if you have salespeople who can't replace bad business with slightly better business, then you don't have good salespeople. So obviously, we believe that all the poor business that we will lose or could lose over time. will be replaced with better business because we will -- there's -- we're still only, I don't know, 20% of the market or so. So there's 80% to go for and there's plenty of good business out there as long as you're offering something different. And this is something that we have been doing for decades. I mean this is the way that we sell. This is the way that we -- we don't -- we give our customers better value by producing better boxes rather than just a straight brown box. And it doesn't happen overnight, but we will have the systems to be able to give our salespeople the tools to sell better. And that's -- when you lose a big chunk of business it might hurt a factory for, let's say, a year, but you typically come back within a year, if it's bad business.
Operator: This is from the line of Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McKellar: You talked about retaining and winning business through quality and service improvements. And I think you've talked around quality, but can you maybe give a bit more color here on what execution and service improvement in particular, looks like to you and what your focus items are here?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Matt, I mean, at the end of the day, we believe in delivering on time in full at close to 100%. And we have a measure in our European business of PPM, parts per million of defects. And we expect all of our plants to have less than 500 parts per million boxes in defects. And obviously, not all plants are there. At the same time, a lot depends on the equipment that you have, a lot depends on the planning systems you have. A lot depends on your customer mix. But basically, the gold standard is to have a PPM under 300 and an OTIF around 98%. And you've got to have -- you got to be set up for that. You've got to have -- it doesn't happen overnight, but that's where we need to get to, certainly on the 500 PPM.
Matthew McKellar: And maybe just one for Ken. In terms of timing, are you able to share whether you'll capture the full benefit of the recent headcount reduction you noted in Q4 or whether there are further cost savings as a result of these reductions that will flow through in '25.
Ken Bowles: Matt, most of the headcount reduction in '24, we trapped in '24. It would be very little bleed over into '25 in that sense.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: But there is still a lot of reengineering to be done Matt. And that's part of the synergy program.
Operator: We'll take our next question. This is from Patrick Mann from Bank of America.
Patrick Mann: I think it's a bit of a follow-up question. Just on the value over volume approach, which you've mentioned a few times. How should we think about this playing out? I mean, Tony, I was listening to you saying we can replace bad business with good business over time. So should we think about it as kind of the same base business but with improving margins, improving commercial success over time? Or does it end up at least partly that you have a smaller but more profitable business over time through divestments or closures or restructuring? I mean just help us through practically how that takes hold or gets implemented over time?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Patrick, thank you. It's a lot of everything there that you've said. I mean, clearly, if you have a number of facilities in the same area, you can rationalize a little bit some of those facilities. And that's something that legacy Westrock was doing. So that's part of it. But also, it is really about recognizing what you're offering the customer and can you offer him something other than just a brown box, and that is about selling for value rather than for -- just for a price. And so our whole ethos has always been in Smurfit Kappa is to deliver something more for customers and understand what the customer's pain is and each customer has different pain, some are in the logistics, some are in their sustainability agenda, some are in their own machine line efficiencies. And we have all the ability to offer all of the things for the customer as each individual customer has different requirements. And there hundreds of thousands of customers, it's not just the big customers that we all know and love. It's -- there's many, many small manufacturers around the place, many small businesses that require TLC and help in how to package their products more efficiently. And as I say, we do that. That's what we -- that's where we come from. That's what we built our business on. That's what Smurfit Kappa is acknowledged as the leader in Europe by practically every customer. And there's no reason why we won't do that in time in Europe or in the United States and in the rest of Latin America. And you can already see that we're making good progress. We can see we're making good progress in -- that's not there yet, and that's the extra $400-plus million that we would expect to get as we move forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question. This is from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: So there looks like there's a fair bit of capacity coming on in Europe next year. And when sitting in North America, when that's happening, we tend to get worried. But I know Europe is a different market, but I don't know it nearly as well as you do. So I was hoping to get some perspective on how we should be thinking about the new capacity that at least on paper, is supposed to be coming on in Europe next year?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes. There's new capacity, and it tends to be lumpy. But at the moment, you saw last week, Mark, the announced bankruptcy of an independent paper maker. It's pretty well the same kind of structure in Europe as it is in the U.S. to some extent, that new capacity has to find a home. And if they don't have people to sell it to, they have to take downtime. And we saw that last year, and honestly, with the amount of independents out there who are not doing very well actually in the business, you've seen some large groups being sold recently -- a large group being sold recently. So you can readily say, where is the new capacity going to go. And frankly speaking, there is no answer to that other than downtime, which is what happened during 2022 or '23 when the market got soft, people took a lot of downtime because they had to. And there just won't be a market for it. And they -- most of the new capacity Mark that's coming on in Europe is owned by people who have existing capacity. So if they take the price down, they're only taking the price down in their other business, and that's not a good strategy. So I suspect there'll be a lot of downtime as these capacities are being introduced or export it out to rest of the world, which is, generally speaking, Asia or some of the Middle East and other areas.
Ken Bowles: I think the other thing with those lists, Mark, is just remember that they tend to have a rose-colored view on machines starting up at Jan 1 and running full for the year. So it tends to -- the tons never really come on in the way that they're listed on those sheets.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: I think we've had new capacity in Europe. I mean, I've been in the business now for nearly 40 years, and there's always been new capacity coming on in Europe. It's always been either absorbed or other stuff has been shut down, and you continue to see nonintegrated mills suffering and will continue to suffer if they don't have the integrated strategy, which we and others have.
Mark Weintraub: And then just you had mentioned smaller machines in folding boxboard in North America. That's a reference to coated recycle board, I assume. That's not SBS, correct? Is that coated recycle board?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: That's coated recycle, yes. And there are some that are very niche orientated, Mark. So they're not -- they're in areas that are fully integrated and that doesn't really cause us any particular long-term problem. So there's some that we'll just have to continue to look at. Do they have the quality. It's not really do they have the price because we have almost no invested capital in those businesses. But do they have the quality that is going to be existing in the marketplace going forward. And that's something we'll have to analyze over the next couple of years or so.
Operator: We'll take our next question. This is from the line of Gaurav Jain from Barclays.
Gaurav Jain: So a couple of questions from me. One is on free cash flow and net debt. So the net debt number is slightly higher than what we had, and this is the first time we have a combined balance sheet and the free cash flow is lower. So is there some quarterly swing happening in Q4, will be a much better free cash flow quarter than what we had. So that was my question number one. And secondly, you have touched about -- upon U.S. containerboard, European container board, U.S. consumer board separately. But could you just talk about what you're seeing in the near term because some of your peers have been sounding concerns, especially on the European containerboard side.
Ken Bowles: I think it's probably around pricing, Gaurav. I think what we've seen is broadly flat pricing in North America. But I mean, the European price had gone up by about 140 a ton. It's just come up 40 in the last month or so. So not necessarily a cause for concern.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes, as a result of lower wastepaper price.
Ken Bowles: Yes, on the back of recovered fiber prices dropping also. So I think that's probably where we see it. On the first one, I think there's probably a bit of a seasonal effect. I think also, as recovered fiber drops, you have less creditors. So it's a small bigger creditor outflow than we might have thought. But also sequentially box prices were up. So you get the adverse effect of that, which is a slightly more investment in working capital. I think you're probably slightly higher at the net debt level, too, because we did get through a fair bit of work in terms of cost and headcount reduction and things like that, that probably drove the number slightly higher. But I think at a kind of combined net debt basis of 2.8x, it's probably not materially higher than where you are. And generally, the back half of the year tends to be slightly more cash generative. But there's probably nothing fundamental in there. But probably the moving parts around where creditors sit and falling prices around some of those creditor items versus investment in working capital as a result of box price increases are probably 2 big sides, but inventory tends to be in good shape. So beyond that, they're really the only moving parts.
Operator: We'll take the next question. This from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Now that you've had some time to look at your assets, what are some of the areas where you want to put capital to work, whether it's on the mill level or box side of things? The $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion CapEx framework you've provided. Is that a reasonable framework for the next few years? And then lastly, when you kind of look at your footprint, any assets that stand out? I know SBS isn't something that you're sure if it's a strategic fit over the long term, but that market is very oversupplied. Is that something you plan to tackle in making sure supply demand is in a better spot, call it, in the medium term?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Philip, yes, I mean just on the SBS side, I mean, we're still analyzing that business. We're into it 3 months now. And there has been a very -- it has been a very good business. We need to figure out how we deal with the imports of the replacement product of SBS into the marketplace, which is FBB and we need to figure out where does SBS sit versus that. Obviously, the imported product that's replacing it has got some issues attached to that, which are -- you've seen the port strikes. You've seen the uncertainty that some of those imports can have. So we're not 100% sure yet where SBS sits. But I would say that the 2 big mills that we have are actually good mills. So we need to figure out and they're very efficient mills. So I think we've got a very good starting point to figure out where do we stand with that grade. It is somewhat integrated, we'd like it to be more integrated, but it's something that we'll have to look at over time. But I don't -- we're not ready to make a decision on SBS. All I can say is, for the moment, it's staying with us. With regard to...
Ken Bowles: Where we put the money.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Where we put the money. I mean with some work to do on our converting businesses to make sure that they are able to give the quality and service that our customers require and is going to make us different. So we've got some work to do, not necessarily on the consumer side but more on the corrugated side. But not in a massive way. It's just some of our facilities, we need to continue to upgrade some of our corrugators. And obviously, as I said earlier, maybe some smaller rationalizations as we look forward. So that's probably where we'll be concentrating our efforts other than the normal maintenance capital, the winders, the electrical things that we have to do in some of the mills that are sort of pretty standard. And then going forward, we are going to develop a plan, and we don't know yet whether it's going to sit in the 2.2 to 2.4 or higher than that. I would say it's going to be higher than that because we've got a lot of opportunities as we can see right now, but we want to do that more in a -- in more cohesive way rather than just jump into it in our first year. We have initiated a program of what we call quick wins. So anything that has got a very quick payback, we just authorized $150 million this week -- sorry, last week at the Board for some quick wins where -- which have really quick paybacks like less than 2-year payback that we can get. And we see lot more opportunities there, but we just need some time to engineer those correctly. But -- so that's the kind of thing we're looking at. And then obviously, as the returns get worse, we'll look at that.
Philip Ng: And then I was really impressed by your comment earlier that on the commercial front, you could see another $400 million and potentially unlock that, call it, the next 18 to 24 months. So my question really is, do you have the ability to kind of do the Smurfit kind of things in terms of being decentralized, empowering the people, having the KPIs aligned. Your biggest competitor in the U.S. on the containerboard side, they're taking a much more rigorous approach on the commercial side, they're expecting significant disruption on the box side of things. Like how are you going to manage that process, call it, the next 18 to 24 months? It sounds like it might be less choppy, but give us some perspective, that would be helpful.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: I think it's already happening, Philip. We're already empowering our operations. We've already taken responsibility back to the divisional level and then ultimately drilling down into the regional level and then ultimately delivering down into the plant level. Now plant level can be 2 or 3 plants in a particular region that we manage with a central, let's say, sales service or central purchasing or central administration for 3 plants, but they are in their local market selling. So we're already -- we've already done that. That doesn't mean that every person in our organization is going to be able to make that adjustment, but I can tell you that there's a palpable sense of enthusiasm for people to say, okay, we're now responsible for our P&L. I mean for a plant manager, for a regional manager, as long as they know they're getting the price of paper at the market price, there can be no excuse for not having a decent return. I mean, are -- or a plan to get to a decent return. And that's what we've already implemented. And as I said, that's starting. That's the first 100 days of work, 120 days of work. And our team there is rigorously pushing that through. And as you've seen that we have already taken out some central staff that is speaking to that particular business model that we have. And that's what we've done all of our lives. And since the time that we started back in 1934, we have had local plant responsibility, and that's what we're going to continue.
Philip Ng: Any thoughts on the disruption in the next few years as you kind of transition to this or fairly smooth?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Listen, there will always be some, Philip, but I don't envisage -- I mean the interesting thing about the Westrock group of companies is many of the managers were already operating in that kind of environment. And if you go to Southern Container, you go to the old Rock 10 companies that were folding carton, they were all profit responsible in the past. And so for a lot of them, this is going back to what they knew and what they wanted and what they liked. So it's not rocket science for many of them. For some of them, it will be different, and will have to adjust as we move forward. But I wouldn't say it would be massively disruptive. So I think, operator, we have to tie up. So guys, everybody, thank you so much for joining us this morning and this afternoon. Really appreciate your time, and we look forward to reporting again at the end of the year and the continued progress of Smurfit Westrock. We're very excited about the future. A lot to do, a lot more to do, a lot done, but an exciting future ahead for us. I'm quite sure. So thanks for joining, and have a good rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results for Smurfit WestRock Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand you over to Ciaran Potts, Head of Investor Relations at Smurf Investor.
Ciaran Potts: Thank you, Ellen. This call will include certain forward-looking information regarding our current plans, beliefs and expectations which are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from results and events contemplated by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those set out in our earnings release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date indicated, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of them, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, today's call will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our presentation as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and our reports available on the U.K. National Storage mechanism and on our website. Given time constraints in demand, I would ask that you keep the two questions and hold detailed modeling questions. I will now hand over to Tony Smurfit, CEO of Smurfit WestRock.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Thank you, Ciaran, and good evening, everyone. I am delighted to be with you this evening, and I thank you for taking the time to listen to this call, which is held together with Ken Bowles, our CFO. July 5 was a truly momentous day for our company and our stakeholders when we concluded the combination of Smurfit Kappa and WestRock. And then on July 8, when we commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange with our primary listing Smurfit WestRock. And in doing so, we became the largest listed packaging company in the world. Interesting, you'll see from this slide, a picture of a gigantic corrugated bull, which attracted worldwide attention from everyone who saw it and posted it online. Not only this corrugated packaging highly interesting, creative and innovative, it is, of course, recyclable, renewable and biodegradable. The vision of our company is to be a globally admired business, dynamically and sustainably delivering secure and superior returns for all stakeholders. I think over the years, we have shown that we are well on our way to realizing this vision. As part of that journey, we've taken certain steps over many years. These include continuous investments, selective acquisitions, development of innovation and service for our customers and the extensive training and development of our people. Along the way, we have had many defining moments, including the merger with Kappa Packaging in 2005, its subsequent IPO in 2007, navigating the financial crisis of 2008 and '09, the successful defense of the unsolicited approach by International Paper and of course, the defining moment, not only for our company but also for the industry by combining with WestRock, all the while delivering outstanding operational and financial performance. The combination gives Smurfit WestRock the opportunity to give our customers world-class packaging solutions across four continents and 40 countries with unrivaled innovation and a unique footprint for our customers. Our combination to form Smurfit WestRock will be run by a management team that has a proven track record and has consistently delivered superior performance. Moreover, it is also a management team that has a track record of identifying, acquiring and optimizing the performance of undervalued assets. In that context, it is important to note that the transaction was concluded at an optimal time, whereby both sets of stakeholders will benefit from and participate in the go-to sustainable packaging company in our industry. I would like to briefly recap on the factors that have sustained Smurfit Kappa's success. While you've often heard me say that success is never a straight line, what you will see here is a structural growth story. This slide also shows the continuing benefits of our medium-term capital plan. Since 2015, we invested some 6 billion to optimize our integrated operating model. We also acquired complementary businesses with an aggregate value of $2 billion. Outperformance has generated substantial free cash flow while delivering a progressive income stream for our shareholders. Those capital allocation decisions, together with ongoing operating excellence have over the last 8 years to the end of 2023, delivered 100% increase in EBITDA, a 470 basis point increase in EBITDA margin and a 520 basis point increase in ROCE, all the while, while building balance sheet strength and sustaining a highly attractive income stream. This performance has continued where we have again delivered a strong set of results against the backdrop of higher recovered fiber costs and lower corrugated costs, which are now being recovered. Ken will take you through these results in greater details in a few minutes. For those of you that don't know the company, we've been able to deliver consistently through a fundamental element of our business, and that is our keeper and our culture. The only true differentiating factor in any company is culture. And we and Smurfit Kappa have fostered a winning owner-operator culture and adherence to our core values of loyalty, integrity, respect and safety at work. Along the way, we have provided our customers with more and more sophisticated and innovative packaging to meet the various demands of sustainability, innovation and merchandising. Through performance, we have transferred the perception of our products away from being merely a transport medium towards [indiscernible] by customers as a vital value-added product in their supply chain. This came into sharp focus during COVID when corrugated was deemed as essential and critical to the supply chain. And while the past is no guarantee of future success, it is, however, a good guide. The Smurfit and WestRock combination marries up extremely well. We have more product ranges in sustainable packaging. We are more integrated. We have significant synergy potential, and we have a unique global footprint. Our significant project range is diverse with high-margin product areas, and we occupy #1 or #2 positions in most of the countries and markets in which we operate. The uniqueness of Smurfit WestRock cannot be underestimated, and the coming together of the two organizations brings incredible expertise to be harnessed with far broader opportunities for every stakeholder. Clearly, the question is, what is next for the combination. We intend to follow the model that has been successful for Smurfit Kappa across our world and operations. As I've said before, the next phase of our journey will take time as we focus on the execution of putting these two excellent companies together as we develop a cohesive performance-led culture within the new Smurfit WestRock and as we focus on putting our customers at the heart of everything that we do. What I have seen so far within the legacy WestRock business is impressive. To date, together with my colleagues, we have seen in excess of over 100 operating units and met with thousands of energized and excited employees, providing an excellent foundation from which to build. I'm also encouraged by the energy, enthusiasm and resolve across the organization to realize the success that the combination will present for all stakeholders. Now I'll pass it over to Ken to take you through some of the financials.
Ken Bowles: Thank you, Tony, and good evening, everyone. Turning now to Slide 10 at Smurfit Capital Group's Second Quarter 2024 Results, which are reported in U.S. dollars and prepared under U.S. GAAP. As outlined in the release, due to the timing of the completion of the combination of Smurfit Kappa and WestRock, the GAAP results for the combined company as Smurfit WestRock will be reported from the third quarter of 2024. These results, another strong set should be seen in the right context, which is against the backdrop of higher input costs, particularly OCC, but also before the expected recovery of those inflow costs to box price increases. As you can see, not only by the EBITDA outcome but also the margin of 16.2%, we are in excellent shape as we enter the second half of the year. And now just some more detail on those numbers. In the second quarter, net sales were approximately $3 billion or 3% lower compared to the same period last year, with the decrease primarily driven by lower average box pricing in our European business year-on-year. However, this was partially offset by an increase in group corrugated volumes of 3.1%, a $28 million net positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations and a $4 million positive impact from acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA of the group was $480 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.2% in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $556 million and a margin of 18.1% in the second quarter of 2023. In Europe, adjusted EBITDA decreased by 77 million year-on-year, $355 million in the second quarter. This decrease was primarily due to $143 million reduction in net sales and increased costs for labor, distribution and recovered fiber. However, these cost headwinds were partially offset by a decrease in energy and other raw material costs. The adjusted EBITDA margin in Europe was 16.1% in the second quarter of 2024 compared to 18.4% in the same quarter of the prior year. Conversely, our Americas business saw an increased adjusted EBITDA compared to the prior year of $6 million, reaching $146 million in the second quarter of 2024. This increase was mostly due to a $36 million rise in net sales partially offset by higher costs for raw materials and labor. The adjusted EBITDA margin in the Americas was 19.2% in the second quarter of 2024 compared to 19.3% in the same period of the previous year. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $33 million to $340 million in the second quarter. The increase was primarily due to a reduction in tax payments and a positive change in working capital and net cash interest partially offset by a reduction in consolidated net income adjusted for noncash items, including capital expenditure of $177 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $224 million in the same period last year, and excluding transaction costs paid associated with the Smurfit WestRock combination amounted to $23 million. Adjusted free cash flow was $186 million in the second quarter, up from $82 million in the same period of last year. Net debt was $3.1 billion at the end of June, resulting in a net leverage ratio of 1.6x compared to 1.3x at the end of December 2023 and well within the stated leverage range of 1.5 to 2x for legacy Smurfit Kappa. And finally, on July 26, Smurfit WestRock's Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.3025 per share payable in September. While not part of these results we are reporting today, we felt it might be useful, particularly for comparative purposes to illustrate on a very simplistic basis, legacy Smurfit Kappa and Legacy WestRock for the first 6 months of the year. I don't propose to dwell on the numbers, but based on the numbers here, the Legacy WestRock business delivered on a [ Smurfit ] WestRock adjusted EBITDA basis, $669 million for the course of June. Further detail on the calculation and reconciliation can be found in the appendix to this presentation. When we announced the compensation back in September, we had assigned a synergy number of $400 million to be achieved by the end of 2025. Now that we are one organization, the detailed work in relation to those synergies has begun with teams validating that number. The teams are also beginning to scope out other areas of synergy and value creation or indeed dive deeper on initial areas such as Mexico to explore further opportunities. We will update you more formally later on this year around synergies, but for now, we feel ever more comfortable about the initial estimate and excited about new areas of opportunity. Looking now at Slide 13 and capital allocation. For anyone who's new to the Smurfit Kappa's side of the story, our capital allocation framework is well established. Returns focused at its core, both flexible and agile, it has been and will continue to be a key underpin to our success. From Tony's earlier slides, you can see the evidence of that. That framework will now be the basis of capital allocation of Smurfit WestRock, that's probably not a surprise. At Smurfit WestRock, we believe that capital allocation to internal projects will be central to our future success. Today, more than ever before, we are seeing the benefits of having well-invested asset bases with integrated mill systems and box plant sitting along the cost curve and prime for future growth. Well-timed and well-executed capital expenditure programs are a hallmark of SKG, and we are bringing the experience and tenure of the senior management team who executed those programs to Smurfit WestRock. The dividend is another cornerstone of our capital allocation strategy. As a reminder, Smurfit WestRock intends to pay a dividend in line with the progressive dividend policy of SKG. And as we seek to harmonize the different dividend streams and payment cycles for the remainder of 2024, as noted before, we are paying a dividend for this quarter of $0.3025. As we begin the first full year of Smurfit WestRock in 2025, we expect the base for that dividend to be indicative of the last full financial year Smurfit Kappa group and very much in line with our progressive dividend policy subject to the appropriate board review and approval. In Smurfit WestRock, we plan to be disciplined with M&A and benchmark those opportunities against all other capital allocation alternatives. The combination between Smurfit Kappa and WestRock, the integration of which will clearly be our focus was undoubtedly transformative in nature, root in our history of discipline and best illustrated by combining both companies on equivalent enterprise multiples to create a global leader in sustainable packaging. The balance sheet at Smurfit WestRock begins its journey with a significant strength of flexibility. A ratings upgrade from all three agencies on legacy SKG and positive outlook from two is a testament to that. The track record of SKG was to deploy capital towards internal investment, be disciplined around M&A and grow the dividend over the years, while also managing to reduce our leverage. And given the strength of the balance sheet and the improved business profile through scale and reach, we do not believe our current rating would be similar to our ambition. And the expansion of our capital allocation framework to include other forms of shareholder returns underscores the flexibility and agility of this framework and ensures that all avenues to create and return value to our shareholders are considered and benchmarked against all options. Ultimately, the framework at its simplest is about creating long-term value for all stakeholders. I'll now pass it back to Tony for some concluding remarks.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Thank you, Ken. Just to remind everybody, as I said, the new Smurfit WestRock is a company that has a global leadership position in sustainable paper-based packaging products. As you can see from this slide, we cover every area that any customer, large or small would require, complemented by the best R&D and innovative tools in the industry, with a world-class R&D center in Virginia, and 36 innovation centers or experience centers solely focused on giving customers optimum packaging solutions. As you will have seen from the Smurfit Kappa results, we have delivered another excellent performance with the market now turning in our favor as we look forward. The current quarter looks like a low point with plenty of scope for both cyclical and structural growth as we recover and improve pricing and as we invest in the business in our usual disciplined way. As we conclude the Smurfit Kappa journey and embark on the next and exciting phase of our journey, I would like to thank our shareholders for the support they have given us through those many defining moments, which I mentioned earlier. To remind you what has made us the success that we are, we will continue to optimize our integrated model. We will continue to put customers at the center of every commercial decision. We will foster a broad-based performance-led culture that is decentralized in its nature, simplifying the business with quick decision-making and making every manager responsible for their own P&L treating capital as their own. As always, we will be measured, disciplined and returns focused in our capital allocation decisions, while keeping sustainability leadership at our core. As we drive this forward in the new Smurfit WestRock through a performance-led culture but never at the expense of our core values of loyalty, integrity and respect and of course, safety at work. These values have delivered and will continue to do so on a much bigger platform. Smurfit WestRock has the right market position, the right products at the right time and most importantly, the right people. 2024 through the creation of the global leader in sustainable packaging marks the next and most exciting phase in our journey. Thanks for taking the time to listen to this. And now we will turn it over to you to ask any questions that you have. Thank you, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Charlie [indiscernible] in BNB Paribas.
Unknown Analyst: Congratulations, first of all, for closing the deal and listing. I had two questions, so I had plenty, but I'll limit myself to two. The first question is, apologies for the short term is, but Tony, in your remarks, you said you thought that the current quarter looks like a cyclical low point. So I just wanted to clarify, were you talking now about Q3 or Q2? Do you think that Q2...
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Q2, Charlie, we really expect -- we expect price rises to be following through in Q3 and Q4 and those box prices to be moving forward in Q3 and Q4 and into next year. And so clearly, with the paper price increases that are already in the market place on the assumption that nothing bad happens in the world, to say that seems to be the low point. There is one question mark that we have to just continue to look at is some of the maintenance downtime that is in new WestRock -- sorry, in old WestRock, I should say legacy WestRock is substantial in the second half, but we still think that, that should be dealable with as we look forward.
Unknown Analyst: Then just looking a little bit further forward. At this stage, what would you envisage could be the combined run rate for CapEx for the new business, particularly as we think into the full year 2025.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: It's a little bit early for us to button that down, Charlie. I mean, as we've said before, there is some things to be done in legacy WestRock. I mean Smurfit Kappa is in very good shape, although we do have some expansion projects in things like our bag and box business, which is doing very well. We do -- we are going through legacy WestRock now as we're starting to get into the weeds a little bit. But as I said, I think to you, we've been very happy with many of the things that have already occurred in legacy WestRock. There are still some things to do, and we just need to check those out over the next quarter or so before we'd be definitive. But it won't be a million miles away from the model,  profit is a bit less than the year 1. And as a couple of projects we're still looking at over as to whether or not they make sense. But overall, I would say, very happy with the asset base that we've seen some things to fix, but WestRock had already done quite a bit of it, especially in some of the converting areas.
Operator: We will take our next question from Justin Jordan, Davy.
Justin Jordan: Thank you. Again, well done clearly on the merger, many decades in the planning and well done the execution thus far. I've got, I guess, two slightly related questions. Firstly, Ken, you talked about old Smurfit Kappa having a sort of target leverage ratio of 1.5 to 2x net debt EBITDA. Can you give us any early thoughts on what target netted EBITDA we should be thinking about for Smurfit WestRock going forward? And secondly, related to, I suppose, Charlie's question on CapEx, I just wanted to clarify, clearly, old Smurfit Kappa had CapEx guidance for calendar '24 of about EUR 900 million or approaching USD 1 billion and old WestRock as it were had CapEx items of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. So that would imply a pro forma CapEx of something in the neighborhood of $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion. Is that the sort of ZIP code share we say we should be thinking about? Or is there anything in particular you want to call out positively or negatively within that range?
Ken Bowles: No, I think I'll take the second one first. I think you're probably right, certainly for the remainder '24 to kind of keep the back on the run rate. As you know, we are coming to the end of our kind of 4-year capital program. WestRock, as Tony said, has done a lot of good work. Our normal cycle will be through October and November. We start to look at budgets for '25. And then in February '25, we give you a very clear size of what we think the CapEx requirements would be for '25. And then beyond if we think that's relevant. But for now, I think you're not going to be a million miles away if you kind of stick to that kind of [ zip phone ] in terms of numbers to keep it really simple. On the first one, I suppose, look, on a kind of simple pro forma basis, we started off about 2.5x. I don't think that's necessarily reflective of the enhanced business profile or reach. I think it's in the rating agency world Smurfit WestRock, while both being investment-grade companies is a new issuer in that sense. So I think if you like, the ambition is to be below where we currently are. But again, all in the fullness in times in terms of when we can sit back and look at that kind of broader plan. But I think if you like out of the box, strong investment-grade credit rating, we're clearly the ambition to be north of that and that -- clearly that means sub. Sub, where we are now, if you like out of the box is 2.5x. But again, it should be able through the year-end, give you better clarity and more target on that.
Operator: We will take our next question from George Stafa, Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks so much, everyone. Congratulations again on the transaction. Two-part question, Tony and Ken, recognizing it's early days. As you look at the Legacy corrugated and consumer businesses of WestRock, recognizing that a lot of good work has already been done by David and Alex and the prior management team, which of those two businesses is already more closely aligned to the Smurfit model, which of those businesses have maybe more opportunity to track to the Smurfit model over time to create opportunity. Relatedly, how do you feel about the systems and information that you're getting regarding WestRock? Are you getting the data, the analytics that you need? And It wasn't that long ago that WestRock had some issues in terms of its information systems or ransomware. How do you feel about the state of systems there? Thanks so much and good luck in the next period.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Thank you, George. I'll take the first one. I think there are elements of both businesses that are very similar or will track with our businesses. I mean, if you take the CUK business, it's fully integrated or practically fully integrated and is a very good business. And that's -- the thinking and the mindset is similar to ours. Much of their corrugated business is in line with us. And obviously, some of the synergies that we're going to get is going to make it an even more integrated business. There's still some work to do, George, and some of the legacy corrugated box plants in legacy WestRock due to some of the takeovers they have taken -- they've done. So there's some work to do in the corrugated business there still. With regard to one of the things that is an open question in a sense is SBS board because they're not -- they don't really integrate forward fully in that business, and we need to figure out over the course of the next little while is how to do that. If it's possible to do that, what is our market positioning in that. As you know, there's a lot of movements in that space with regard to a couple of acquisitions that have just been made by others in the space though. So that's something that is a little bit away from where we sit in our legacy -- in our legacy corrugated businesses and our specialty businesses. So that's something that we're going to have to take a look at it. But they do have reasonably good or good assets in that area, so I just need to analyze that over the next period of time. So and to figure out where that market is going, frankly.
Ken Bowles: George, on the IT systems one. I think first, you mentioned the cyber attack that WestRock had a couple of years ago. I think it's fair to say that the team in WestRock responded fairly strongly to that in terms of the security architecture that they put around the organization following that. And I mean, the simplest evidence of that is that we both get third-party assurance on our security frameworks and both of us have a NIS score, which is well above the average for paper packaging and quite well set. So from that perspective, they've clearly invested in the security architecture. From a broader systems perspective, I suppose there is a bit of work to be done, simply because Smurfit Kappa has had an SAP ERP environment since 1998, in reality. So whereas WestRock was really only beginning that journey in terms of 1 ERP system, and they had chosen SAP S/4HANA as that system and had Smurfit Kappa for the next phase. So there are no burning platforms in terms of accounting systems or data systems within WestRock. I think it's as much what Tony talked about the decentralized model. And if you like, aligning the kind of rollout and transition to those IT systems following the operational model, who can support the best. But in the interim, access to data, the roll-up of data, the aggregation data, not an issue given the current systems in WestRock. But clearly, as we begin to kind of redefine and define that operating model. The IT systems are far behind, we'll make that process more efficient. But a lot of commonality systems, which is a great starting point and clearly two projects around the next version of SAP S/4HANA, which means that certainly there's a lot of good work already done on both sides of the organization in terms of the next phase of IT deployment.
Operator: We will take our next question from Lars Kjellberg, Stifel.
Lars Kjellberg: So coming back to what you just said, kind of about the centralized operating model, which is obviously something that's been very successful at Smurfit Kappa and a few years ago, WestRock did the opposite centralizing that. What sort of actions are you taking to roll out your sort of your business model into the legacy WestRock system? And what sort of time frame would you have us think about that? And also on the metrics of value-based pricing on your commercial success in boxes in Europe, what are the opportunities you see in the U.S. to get to that same stage where you, in a way, sort of take away the strong link between containerboard and corrugated in the U.S. business as you have to a degree, at least on the European side?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Let me take the second question there, Lars. I mean, I would say that we have a very strong link between containerboard and corrugated. There's -- that's why the integrated model works for us. What we intend to do is have a very clear focus on unit profitability and empowering people to ensure that they are able to make their own decisions. But overlaying that with some centralization. I mean, there is no question that we, in Europe, and they were in the Smurfit WestRock, we'll always have some centralized functions that are important to support the local businesses. And that could be in areas of purchasing. It can be in areas of pan-European or Pan-American, our global accounts. There is a legal accounting. There are things that are very, very important to give to local management. But at the end of the day, at the heart of it is to empower local management to develop businesses in their own areas to deal with their own issues, in their own area and become profit centers. And that's what has worked for us. through decades. And frankly speaking, when I -- the number of facilities I've been to in legacy WestRock are very excited by this because that's where a number of the operations came from, whether it's Southern Container, Midwest Eco, Gandhi, those operations were very focused on central -- decentralized profitability. And I think that's -- that's going to be a very good thing for the organization and very good thing for profitability. And ultimately, yes, that does bring higher margins and higher profitability because you go after more local accounts and you look after local accounts rather than just centralized big accounts. And that unleashes entrepreneurialism, which we intend to do. We won't get it right in every factory, not every manager is going to be able to make that transition. But as I say, what I detect so far is huge enthusiasm for everybody for this kind of model.
Ken Bowles: Yes. I think, Lars, look, a lot of questions are wrapped up in there. I think it's about full income statement responsibility rather than the idea that your purpose is to kind of cost push into the box band. So -- but it's not a model that's new to legacy WestRock communities, the model they had in place. So the journey to kind of total decentralization is not that long and not fully complete in lot of areas. So it's not that the model is not understood that that's the people who will remember it, but it's about as Tony said, it's getting around the place and pushing that down and getting access to the data. So -- and if you like, understanding that the role of the central fund is to support around capital allocation and takeaway, if you like, take away the pain of governance, compliance and those things in the operations allow the operations to do what they should be doing, which is making paper consumer packaging and boxes. In terms of the second one, I think Tony wraps over up there, too, which is that certainly price over volume in reality, you know the journey we went on there around, if you like, proven to our customers, where we could add a to the chain. But we have to demonstrate that. And I think it's around innovation. I think it's around the ever increasing push for sustainability and where we can kind of fit into our customers' pictures around all those things. I think they're relatively new in the U.S. context, particularly I think are at ESG and where that sits. I think particularly within that Scope 3 emissions and where we can really play a part, particularly in the FMCG space. So I think the passion and journey is not that -- going to be that dissimilar from what we've seen in Europe. I think a lot of it that was around, again, like we had to do with the European model is proven out in terms of the tools, technology, data, experience centers, innovation centers, which WestRock also have and showing that value to our customers. And by that, coming through margin as we've made it coming through in Smurfit Kappa.
Operator: We will take our next question from Philip Ng, Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Looking forward to working with you going forward. A lot of opportunity here. Tony and team, you guys talked about how you want to run it locally, empower local box managers to kind of help us contextualize how that ramp will happen, call it, the next few years, Appreciating the ERP system, there's work to be done on the harmonization. Those things are usually a little bumpy out of the gate. So is there any disruption that we should be mindful in terms of the P&L impact, what kind of investments you have to make on the box side. And then from a people standpoint, this is a big cultural shift. Is there a big step-up investments in the sales force and kind of realign the KPIs. So a lot to unpack, but just kind of help us contextualize and think through how this ramp and integration is going to progress next year.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Philip, I think, as I said, there's already a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of the legacy people within the companies are attuned to what we are doing and excited about what we're doing. So I think, I don't think it's going to be as big a cultural shift as you are mentioning there. I think -- as I said, we've seen over 100 operations now, and there's a degree of really big enthusiasm for what we're doing and what we're going to do. And we've already started some of the dismantling of some of the issues that are centralized and pushing them back to the divisions first and then ultimately down to the local level. So this is not going to be a massive cultural change for a lot of people, for some it will, and some people will get on the journey and some people won't. And that's just a fact of the way we're going to run the business. I think I think with regard to the investment that will be needed, that investments are already in there, so to speak. Obviously, there will be some more investments to be made, but they'll be based upon where we can get the best returns and the best opportunity for developing the business on a local and integrated way. And that's what we've always done, Philip, and that's what we'll continue to do. So I don't think it's -- a lot of it is a very exciting journey for our --  for these people.
Ken Bowles: Yes. I think Philip as well, just under the [indiscernible] point, haven't spent many years in many roles on the SKG side implementing IT systems. I think the one thing that you always need to be mindful of is not disturbing the business because the reality is, as my colleagues will remind me, our job is to sell boxes, it's not to put in IT system. So what we will do is to follow and support the business with as little disruption as possible. But that may mean, it takes slightly longer than we might like, but it's about making sure that the business does what the business has to do because that's the most important thing. And kind of like I said earlier, there's no burning platforms in WestRock. So those systems can run quite happily and we can manage with them for a good period of time. But I think ultimately, the idea of this is these programs and projects, which are bumpy or dead right, should happen with this little noise and disturbance to the online business as possible. That's always the goal.
Philip Ng: Got you. You guys mentioned there's work to be done in certain pockets of the legacy WestRock and harmonize, Smurfit and WestRock collectively. What are some of the areas that you see the best opportunities to really unlock value? Is it the mill side? Is it in the box side? Just give us a little more perspective in terms of the opportunities there. And then the $400 million synergies, what are the big buckets and how that kind of phases in?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Well, I think on the -- I'll leave Ken talk about the synergies. But on the operating side, there's a bit of both, to be honest. I mean, we are going to continue to look at the mill system and make sure that we optimize that mill system with regard to the supply chain, make sure that the mills run the grades that suit them like we do in Europe, make sure that the whole organization is focused on ensuring the lowest cost to the box plants from the integrated mill system and obviously, with the synergies that we're bringing in the mill system, I think that's going to be -- that's going to allow us to do that even better as we go into the second half and into the next year. With regard to the box system, there's just a few legacy box plants that really, I would say that we just need to develop out to make sure that they are either going to be efficient box plant or they won't be existing. So we just need to figure out which ones those are. But as I say, the legacy WestRock business has already been doing quite a bit of that. And we're going to continue on doing some of that maybe put a little bit more speed as we move forward.
Ken Bowles: And on the synergy number, if you track back to the presentation back in September, Philip, you have a lot of detail, but broadly, one of the biggest focus there was around paper integration, if you remember that Smurfit Kappa was short about 400,000, 500,000 tonnes in -- our Latin American business. And we bought some of that paper from WestRock but not all of it. So a good chunk around paper integration. A lot of the other synergies, and they're all remember, cost synergies. There's no real revenue synergies in there. A lot around logistics and distribution, particularly around the overlap and cross between both organizations simple things. Where WestRock would have ship paper to Europe and held an external warehouses, we clearly take that into our own locations now and kind of save the cost there, which can be quite significant. So the presentation back to September gives you glorious detail, but suffice to say that of those books, the biggest one is integration of paper, which was always our strategic priority in the region anyway. And just to remind you that the run rate of those is to be done by the end of 2025.
Operator: We will take our next question from Gabe Hajde, Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: I wanted to start, I guess, with global paper and similar line of questioning as Mr. Staphos, as you evaluate that segment, I'm assuming that a portion of that is what you're talking about here in terms of forward integration. But maybe the decision tree and how you think about increasing vertical integration across the corrugated system or coming to a conclusion that maybe a mill is better served or more valuable for someone else versus yourself?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes. Gabe, I think when we look at it, I don't see a particular forward problem going forward with corrugated papers and corrugated paper for corrugated. So I think if you take kraftliners and white tops and mediums out of it, I think then we then look at some of the consumer grades and specifically SBS. And that's something we just need a little bit of time to evaluate. I think there's a very good market for SBS. The question is how good is it going to be? And that's something that we need some time to evaluate I think that others are betting on the space and some are not betting on the space. And as I say, we'll look at it and decide over the next little period of time. But it has been a very good business for legacy WestRock in the past and highly profitable and something that, obviously, if we can see a way to integrate forward more and developers than we will. And if it doesn't -- isn't in that scenario, we'll reevaluate and look at it. But at the moment, I would say that it's part of the team, and we'll continue to look at it as we as we get to know the business a bit better.
Gabe Hajde: Appreciate it. And I guess for the second question, your key learnings in running your North American system, there's a lot of shake up right now in terms of maybe how corrugated businesses are managed and run. When you look at the -- maybe the food value chain, specifically our food and beverage value chain over in Europe relative to the United States, there's a little bit closer linkage, I think, for merchandisers over in Europe versus the U.S., do you see that as maybe an impediment to executing kind of some of this decentralized approach or value-based selling to your customers or more as an opportunity?
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: No. I think, Gabe, I think it's a huge opportunity. I think when you look at the innovations that we brought to our customers who are many of the same customers in Europe as they are in the United States and you look at the innovations that we brought to them in Europe. A lot of them want the same innovations in the United States, and that's something that we will. It doesn't -- it's not a magic wand. We can't just come over and spring some dust in the United States, and everybody is going to change their way. But we are going to bring our tools and our innovation to our sales force. And over time, we will sell much more on innovation and value than going after transactional type business. And like others in the space, I mean, it is funny how other people have been copying what we are doing. Like others in the space, we will be looking to make sure that we extract value from everything that we do. I mean the last thing I want to be doing is putting in new machines and running lousy workovers, because that's just the way -- just a full adherence. So we have always in Smurfit Kappa looked at profitability of accounts and ensuring that we are able to make money on them or if we don't make money on them initially, if we -- if we cannot turn it into making money on it, we leave those accounts there because then you're just being busy fools. So that has been the way. That's why our margins have grown over time. We make sure that we offer value for our customers. we make sure we give them innovation. But if we don't get paid for it, we then don't do it. And that's what we've been doing for a long period of time in our history, and that's what WestRock will do. So that's a very clear strategy of ours and will be to make sure that we get paid for the great work that we do.
Operator: We will take our next question from Gaurav Jain, Barclays.
Gaurav Jain: Good afternoon or good evening. So two questions from me. One is that if I look at your last 12 months EBITDA, it's $4.5 billion. I think if I combine the peak EBITDA of both the companies, it was around $5.5 million, we had a long-term plan laid out by one of your key competitors, which is talking about doubling EBITDA over the medium term. So can you frame the long-term opportunity here? And I'm not asking for guidance, but how high can this $4.5 billion EBITDA go in the medium term, assuming sort of normal macro conditions?
Ken Bowles: That's the question for the 11:00 at night in Europe. Look, I think the long-term ambition has kind of been wrapped up in a lot of what we said today. I think as we start this journey, we started off with two organizations that have had quite different paths where we get to in the sense that we're coming probably at the end of our last capital cycle. And by that, the WestRock team are coming through their capital cycle, a lot of go to work done. But also, fundamentally, I think at a point in the cycle, if you like, from where we sit and join together, you can consider on the lower points in terms of where pricing is. I think even if you look back from when we did the deal to where we sit now in terms of -- we talked about it, and Tony specifically talked about at the year-end and quarter 1 around the unsustainable levels of paper pricing, for example, in Europe and where companies have got to over the last couple of years. And since then, we've seen not only a kind of push on paper prices, both sides of the Atlantic, but quiet clearly a significant step up in OCC as well. So the backdrop conditions as we begin the second half of this year and further on are clearly better. Clearly, also the backdrop for recovery of those shoe box pricing is better through the second half and indeed, what that clearly means to '25 and beyond. But I think we haven't even begun really to knit together what the total long-term opportunity of Smurfit WestRock is. I think though, we've got two companies that are culturally aligned in terms of how they go to the market commercially. I think there are two companies who are innovative at their nature. And the two companies who traditionally have kind of brought their best up for their customers. I think it's about unpacking that on a global scale to be what we are, which is the largest and the most sustainable packaging partner on the planet. But that also will take time, as Tony has said. But it's clear from our interactions over -- the soft interactions over the last 9 months, plus the excitement and energy and enthusiasm that we feel as we go around the organization post close that there's a willingness, if you like, from a Smurfit side and the WestRock side to make sure that the thing is nothing but a roaring success. And that clearly is backed up by the disciplines around capital allocation, internal investment and the returns focus it brings, what the attention to in terms of the end customer, what they need. And that's not just, if you like, day-to-day poly the longer-term opportunity because we do exist in an industry that is separately in a good shape with a product, as Tony said, at the right place, right time is what the world needs. I think that's only ever going to grow because the consumer continues to desire ever more sustainable products and in reality, where corrugated or consumer packaging can replace the less sustainable substrate, it's clearly still making that shift. So I think in time, we probably frame that longer-term opportunity a lot better, but I think it's fair to say that we start off in a great place and a reality with the backdrop of the industry, that's also at a great place.
Gaurav Jain: Sure. Thank you. So my second question is that, so we'll get the first quarter next time for the combined company. So what would be the metrics on which you would guide on a quarterly basis? Or you would not guide at all? Or would it be something like an adjusted EBITDA number or free cash flow or EPS. What is going to be the key metric?
Ken Bowles: We haven't kind of settled on what -- the key metrics are probably the ones that you see in this release. In reality, we've tended to focus on Smurfit Kappa on EBITDA, clearly, the margin quite specifically. And indeed, both organizations traditionally have been strong free cash flow generators. I think whether we guide on a quarterly basis or annual is to be decided, but I think generally, we've always guided annually because I think it gives you a better view for the year and you stop getting trapped into the weeds of the kind of quarter-to-quarter analysis and allows you to focus much more on the longer term and much more thematic drivers of an industry rather than getting caught up on the kind of [ menu shape ]. But all three decided and played out.
Operator: That is all the time we have for question-and-answer session for today. So I will hand you back to Tony Smurfit for closing remarks.
Anthony P. J. Smurfit: Yes. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today. I think we have put together an incredible company. This is going to be a company that will deliver great results as we go forward. And this is a company that is going to be a company that is a leader in its field. It's a company that has got really great people. It will have great assets and it'd be incredibly uniquely positioned at to deliver superior returns along with our vision as we go forward. So thank you all, and thank you for your support. It was a momentum day this July 5, I should say, and we look forward to continuing to deliver for this company going forward. Thank you all for joining.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the WestRock Third Fiscal Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Rob Quartaro, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Robert Quartaro: Good morning, and thank you for joining our third fiscal quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our press release this morning and posted the accompanying presentation to the Investor Relations section of our website. They can be accessed at ir.westrock.com or via a link on the application you're using to view this webcast. With me on today's call are WestRock's Chief Executive Officer, David Sewell; and our Chief Financial Officer, Alex Pease. Following our prepared comments, we will open the call for a question-and-answer session. During today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements involving our plans, expectations, projections, targets, estimates and beliefs related to future events. These statements involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those we discussed during the call. We describe these assumptions, risks and uncertainties in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, and our 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. We will also be referencing non-GAAP financial measures during the call. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the appendix of the slide presentation. As mentioned previously, the slide presentation is available on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to you, David.
David Sewell: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for joining our earnings call today. I'll begin our call with a review of our fiscal third quarter results and the progress we're making on our self-help initiatives. Following that, Alex will review our results in more detail and provide our outlook for the fourth quarter. Turning to our third quarter results on Slide 3. We exceeded our guidance due to strong execution, productivity gains and moderating input costs. Net sales were $5.1 billion and consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $802 million. Adjusted EPS was $0.89. Our strong results this quarter against a dynamic backdrop reflect the resiliency of our business and the tremendous efforts of our talented team members. As a reminder, we faced difficult comparisons with record results in the prior year quarter. While demand for corrugated packaging declined year-over-year, our North American shipments per day were sequentially stable. We've seen improvement in July with per day shipments up mid-single digits from the third quarter and the strongest backlogs we've seen all calendar year. consumer packaging market volumes were down during the quarter as customers and retailers reduced excess inventory, elevated inflation impacted consumer demand, and we lapped strong prior year health care results. Looking forward, we expect improvement in the first half of fiscal 2024, driven by inventory rebalancing, moderating inflation and new business wins. Long-term fundamentals in our Consumer Packaging business remain healthy, and we are well positioned with strong customer relationships and end markets that are growing. Over time, we expect continued organic growth due to our innovative solutions, growing demand for sustainable packaging and our expanding machinery business. We've seen a moderation in our global paper business after a record year in fiscal 2022. To navigate the current environment, we are leveraging our scale, broad portfolio of substrates and strategic customer relationships. Longer term, we expect our portfolio optimization strategy will enable us to prioritize our strategic customers while reducing our overall exposure to external paper sales. I'm extremely pleased at how our teams are executing and winning new business. Our commercial teams are focused on building growth pipelines and demonstrating the value of our differentiated offerings, all of which are delivering new business wins. Our cost savings progress to date has exceeded expectations, and I'm excited to report that we are on track to exit this fiscal year with more than $450 million in run-rate savings. During the quarter, we achieved $66 million of cost savings and $150 million year-to-date, excluding downtime and inflation. We are making great progress and we see tremendous opportunities ahead, and we continue to optimize our portfolio. Earlier this week, we made the difficult decision with the announcement of the closure of our Tacoma, Washington, mill. We are working closely with our employees on the transition and expect to cease operations in September. Additionally, we sold our minority interest in a nonstrategic joint venture and also announced the consolidation of 3 additional packaging converting locations, bringing our total to 7 through July. I'll provide more details on our portfolio actions in just a moment. Turning to Slide 4. We are laser-focused on unlocking value from our broad portfolio of assets, and we've made tremendous progress already. We continue to target more than $1 billion in cost savings by the end of fiscal 2025, and we are well on our way. Our SG&A reductions, productivity efforts and supply chain efficiencies are delivering significant results. As previously mentioned, we are on track to exit fiscal 2023 with more than $450 million in run-rate savings. We are pleased with the progress we've made, and we remain committed to unlocking further efficiencies in our business. We've been proactively optimizing our footprint by closing less efficient facilities and consolidating production in larger plants. Our goal is to improve our cost structure, drive efficiencies and improve our return on invested capital. Our recent announcement to close our Tacoma mill is another example of this strategy. Similar to our previous mill closures, the Tacoma mill required significant investment to remain competitive and we did not see a path to achieving our return targets. By closing the mill, we can shift capital toward other projects with greater returns. Additionally, with Tacoma and our previous mill closures, we are lowering our costs and improving our overall margin structure. Tacoma's annual production capacity is approximately 510,000 tons, including linerboard, white top, kraft paper and pulp. With the closure, we plan to ship the majority of the mill's production, excluding pulp, to other facilities in our network. We expect to incur $345 million of restructuring charges, with the substantial majority recognized in our fourth quarter. Approximately 2/3 of these charges are expected to be noncash. With the announcement of the Tacoma closure, our mill portfolio is substantially different than it was 15 months ago. As we evaluated our assets, we considered mill profitability, technical age of assets, ongoing capital needs, product mix, strategic fit and our network flexibility. With our announced closures of higher cost mills and production capacity, we are reducing 1.9 million tons of capacity. These closures enable us to repurpose anticipated annual capital spending averaging approximately $120 million and exit noncore end markets. In addition, with these actions, we are decreasing our exposure to the open market and reducing our North American corrugated average mill cost by $12 per ton. Our smaller yet more efficient mill system enables us to serve our strategic end markets and customers. Through our current footprint, we are well positioned to serve these customers in 2024 and beyond. We've also been disciplined in our capital allocation and remain focused on investing in our assets to improve our return on invested capital, returning leverage within our target range of 1.75x to 2.25x and returning capital to shareholders through a sustainable and growing dividend. As we work to recapitalize our assets, we are targeting a greater than 15% IRR on future return-generating projects. We expect our mill investments to drive efficiencies and enable us to further reduce our mill costs. Through our portfolio optimization and asset recapitalization strategies, we expect to improve margins and drive return on invested capital. Lastly, we continue to invest in growth. We're close to completing construction of our world-class Longview box plant, which is expected to start operations in November. This state-of-the-art facility will enable us to further consolidate converting operations in the Pacific Northwest and is expected to deliver $25 million in annual benefit once fully mature. Another example of our investments in growth is our Mexico acquisition. This transaction increased our exposure to the fast-growing Latin America market and brought us closer to many of our multinational customers. Our Mexican operations are exceeding our expectations, and we are excited about future growth prospects due to economic expansion and shortening supply chains. Through these ongoing initiatives, we expect to drive significant improvement in margins and return on invested capital, increase integration, reduce volatility and drive profitable growth. Turning to Slide 5. Before passing it to Alex, I'd like to highlight a recent example of how our broad portfolio and innovative solutions are helping our customers win and meet their sustainability needs. Costco recently approached us with a request to replace single-use plastic multipack handles with a fiber-based, sustainable solution. In response, our designers developed EnduraGrip and Cluster-Clip. These new solutions provide bundling for multipacks of bottles and jars in a range of shapes, sizes and weights. They are engineered for durability and comfort while providing a fully printable surface for crisp vibrant graphics and eliminate the use of plastic in these handles. Our strategic machinery business is also helping drive adoption. As part of our partnership, we are working with Costco manufacturers to automate their production lines, increase packing speeds and drive efficiencies. We're proud to partner with Costco and their manufacturers to introduce sustainable packaging solutions that help reduce single-use plastic packaging. This is just one example of many of how WestRock's unique capabilities position us for growth. Costco is one of our enterprise sales customers, and we serve them through both our corrugated and consumer segments. Enterprise relationships like this demonstrate the value that WestRock's broad portfolio and differentiated solutions provide. Through our diversified portfolio, commercial excellence and strong customer relationships, we've achieved over $9 billion in enterprise sales. Our plastics replacement innovations continue to gain traction, and we are on pace to deliver over $400 million in revenue this year. We are targeting more than $700 million by fiscal 2025. With a global total addressable market of $50 billion for plastics replacements, we see significant opportunities ahead. I'll now turn it over to Alex to discuss our segment results in more detail.
Alexander Pease: Thanks, David. Moving to our consolidated quarterly results on Slide 6. Third quarter net sales were $5.1 billion, down 7.2%, and consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $802 million, down 20.2%. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.7%, a decline of 250 basis points year-over-year. This decline was primarily within our global Paper segment, which I will discuss in a moment. Price and mix positively contributed $85 million year-over-year. Lower operating costs contributed $66 million year-over-year and input cost deflation contributed $37 million. Input cost deflation was largely driven by lower OCC and energy prices in the quarter. These benefits were more than offset by lower volumes of $243 million and economic downtime of $89 million. We incurred 359,000 tons of economic downtime in the quarter, with 258,000 tons in our corrugated system and 101,000 tons in consumer. Noncash pension costs also negatively impacted consolidated adjusted EBITDA year-over-year by $39 million. As a reminder, our U.S. pension plans remain overfunded. During the quarter, we generated $479 million of adjusted free cash flow. We used this strong cash flow to repay $479 million of debt, and we ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.51x. We continue to prioritize debt reduction and returning our leverage to our target range of 1.75x to 2.25x. We are now targeting $800 million to $1 billion of adjusted free cash flow for fiscal year 2023. Turning to Slide 7. Corrugated Packaging segment sales excluding trade sales were $2.5 billion, an increase of $176 million or 7.7% year-over-year. This growth was primarily due to our Mexico acquisition and strong price and mix. Adjusted EBITDA increased $45 million or 11.6%. Adjusted EBITDA margin, excluding trade sales, increased 60 basis points year-over-year to 17.4%. Year-over-year adjusted EBITDA benefited $55 million from input cost deflation, $28 million from lower operating costs and $25 million due to favorable price and mix. These benefits were partially offset by lower volumes of $45 million and economic downtime of $37 million. Note that our Corrugated Packaging results include revenue of $37 million and adjusted EBITDA of $4 million related to the realignment of certain Latin American consumer converting operations in connection with our Mexico acquisition. As David indicated, corrugated packaging shipments were stable from last quarter. As we move forward, we expect gradually improving volumes and easier year-over-year comparisons. We remain focused on driving commercial excellence and productivity to mitigate the impact of previously published price declines. Turning to the Consumer Packaging business on Slide 8. Segment sales were $1.3 billion, a decline of $20 million or 1.5% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA declined $5 million or 2.1% and adjusted EBITDA margin was 18.4%, a decrease of 10 basis points year-over-year. Strong price and mix contributed $98 million and lower operating costs contributed $19 million. These benefits were more than offset by lower volumes of $51 million, inflation of $39 million, economic downtime of $13 million as well as other items. Adjusted for the previously mentioned realignment of certain consumer converting operations, revenue increased 1.4% and adjusted EBITDA increased 1.5% year-over-year. Net organic sales volumes declined 6.6% year-over-year, driven by softer market demand, inventory reductions through the supply chain and difficult comparisons from last year's strong health care business. However, we are managing well and continue to gain new business. As a reminder, last year's adjusted EBITDA was up over 28% year-over-year. As David indicated, we expect improving conditions in the first half of fiscal year 2024 due to inventory rebalancing, moderating inflation and new business wins. Longer term, we are well positioned to drive profitability due to our growing end markets, increasing demand for sustainable packaging and expanding machinery business. Turning to Slide 9. Global Paper segment sales decreased $545 million or 33.8% year-over-year to $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA declined 55.6% to $177 million, with adjusted EBITDA margin declining to 16.6%. Note that since the third quarter of 2020, our adjusted EBITDA is up 6% and margins are up 230 basis points. Input cost deflation contributed $27 million and lower operating costs contributed $15 million. These were more than offset by lower volume of $142 million, price and mix of $37 million and economic downtime of $39 million. During fiscal year 2023, our external containerboard volume has experienced year-over-year declines driven by elevated inflation, shifting consumer spending and excess inventories throughout the supply chain. Additionally, published price changes have negatively impacted our revenue and margins. We continue to believe U.S. containerboard demand has stabilized, and we expect improving volumes as the calendar year progresses. Similar to our Consumer Packaging segment, we've recently experienced softer demand in our external paperboard business, driven by elevated inventories and softer demand, principally in commercial print and food packaging. These conditions have continued into the fourth quarter. However, we expect improvement in fiscal 2024, given the relative stability of our end market exposure. Next, our distribution results are on Slide 10. Our sales and adjusted EBITDA were down year-over-year due to a decline in our moving and storage business and difficult comparisons from last year's large health care order. We are focused on improving operations and driving cost savings to navigate the current environment. Over time, we see opportunity to grow our distribution business by leveraging our unique capabilities and driving operational excellence. Turning to guidance on Slide 11. While market conditions remain challenging with continuing realization of published price declines, we expect the impact of those conditions to be partially offset by gradually improving volumes. Our forecast for fourth quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA is $675 million to $725 million and adjusted EPS between $0.66 and $0.83 a share. Some assumptions behind our sequential outlook include stable costs driven by slightly higher energy costs, higher costs for recycled fiber and moderately lower costs in virgin fiber and chemicals, an adjusted effective tax rate of between 8% and 10% -- note this lower rate is favorably impacted by approximately $30 million related to the release of uncertain tax positions, state tax credits and other discrete items -- and lastly, approximately 257 million diluted shares outstanding. Additionally, we're planning 32,000 tons of scheduled maintenance downtime across our system in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back to David to conclude before we move to Q&A.
David Sewell: Thanks, Alex. As you can see, we are delivering on our commitments, and I am incredibly proud of the progress we've made. As we continue our journey, I couldn't be more excited about the opportunities in front of us. In addition to our large self-help opportunity, WestRock remains uniquely positioned to deliver a full range of sustainable packaging solutions to our customers. With over $9 billion in enterprise sales, customers value our scale, diverse portfolio and the sustainable solutions we provide. Our innovation platform, growing machinery business and plastic replacement solutions continue to position WestRock extremely well for long-term growth. I'm excited about the path ahead, and I'm confident in our ability to drive growth, margins and long-term shareholder value. Thank you. And with that, Rob, let's move to Q&A.
Robert Quartaro: Thanks, David. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Mike Roxland with Truist.
Michael Roxland: Congrats on a very good quarter. Just starting off with corrugated. Can you just talk about the cadence of shipments during the quarter? And did any end markets begin to improve more notably than others?
David Sewell: Yes, Mike. The -- our corrugated business was really pretty stable in the quarter from Q2 to Q3. But what's just really encouraging to us as we went into Q4 and in July, our order rate was up mid-single digits. And as I alluded to earlier, we are experiencing the strongest backlogs we've had this calendar year. So we really like the momentum of corrugated as we move forward. As we talk about some of the segments, I think the one that really jumps out to me is we like what's going on in produce and agriculture, and beverage has been really strong for us as well. And what's exciting about beverage is with our Mexico acquisition, our multinational beverage customers are really gravitating to our ability to serve the entire Americas. So we just see that as a positive trend as we move forward.
Michael Roxland: Got it. And then just in terms of boxboard or consumer packaging, obviously, things started to weaken like a quarter or so ago, in response, you've taken -- started to take some economic downtime. You mentioned, though, that you expect an improvement in your fiscal first half. I guess what gives you the confidence that things are going to improve? Is there getting any indications from customers that they're going to have to restock? I mean how could you say -- what gives you that level of certainty that things are going to get better from here, sooner rather than later, let's say?
David Sewell: Mike, that's a good question because we work really closely with our customers on that. And what we saw in the last 60 days is a lot of our large customers in the consumer space took about a week off in manufacturing just to rebalance their inventories. And as we went through that process, we were working very closely with them. And the commentary we received was this gets us reshifted to the right inventory levels. We'll work through that this quarter. And then -- and it's really consistent across all of our customers in this space -- is as we go into 2024, we're going to be ripe for growth. And they've said that to us internally as we build out our forecasts for them as well as they've expressed it externally to the open market. So there's just a consistency in everything we hear. I think we'll be stable in Q4 from Q3. And then everything they're telling us everything we're seeing is growth in 2024.
Operator: Our next question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: David, Alex, I wanted to talk a little bit about the mill closures that you've announced over the last year and change. And you talked a lot about how you expect that will help your return on capital in total. When you think about -- when we think about the 1.9 million tons of capacity that you've closed, what do you think that has taken off the top, lowered your EBITDA on an annualized basis from what it otherwise would have been? And what do you think it's added to your incremental return on capital? Can you talk to that, just specific to that -- those closures that you've announced?
Alexander Pease: Sure. So the easy answer is all of these mills were, in the current conditions, not generating positive EBITDA. So the combination of basically avoiding the high fixed cost nature and then reallocating production to the other mills winds up accretive both to EBITDA dollars and EBITDA margin. So it was the right decision from an overall profitability standpoint. And I think it really speaks to the flexibility of our network and a lot of great work we're doing operationally to just reduce the unplanned downtime and unlock a lot of the hidden factories that we can move production of the strategic substrates from the mills that we're closing and into the other mills. We did exit certain product lines that were not strategic to us. So DuraSorb would be one example. Fluff pulp would be another example. So we did exit those markets. But again, those weren't strategic substrates or products for us, and we weren't really making any money there anyway. In terms of capital, it's more than $100 million of capital combined that we were able to divert from essentially keeping these mills on life support, for lack of a better term, and redirecting that toward growth-oriented capital. So we were basically reducing our sustaining capital needs and increasing our growth capital availability. And as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, typically those growth capital investments are anywhere between 15% and 20% IRR. In terms of the aggregate ROIC, that part of your question, quite candidly, it would be de minimis because the denominator is such a large number. Just by way of sort of a heuristic, $1 billion of invested capital generates about 40 basis points incremental ROIC. So in total, all of these mills combined was probably in the order of $1 billion, I think about $900 million of invested capital. So that would be, call it, 40 basis points improvement of ROIC. But really where we get the lift is in the improved -- in the improved EBITDA, because that generates a much greater return for us than reducing the denominator. But David, what would you add?
David Sewell: No, I think Alex captured it well. And I think the important thing is when you look at our productivity efforts and when you look at, as Alex mentioned, the capital we could redeploy to other facilities, not only is it just getting the cost benefit of reducing those higher-cost mills, but we're actually getting more profitable at the mills we're running. So it's really going to be a return-generating entity for us.
George Staphos: That was really helpful. I guess next question I had for you, again, in terms of WestRock's strategy MO, I mean we talk a lot -- you talk a lot about the enterprise sales and also machinery installations. Enterprise sales, you said, were at $9 billion or more, which I think was the figure from last quarter. Recognizing $9 billion is a lot of money, a lot of revenue, can you talk maybe more precisely about the progress you're seeing there, the progress you're seeing in machinery installations and what that's adding in terms of profit? And then last, and I'll turn it over, just a ticky-tack question. I think in terms of the overall economic downtime, you said you took, this last quarter, 359,000 tons. And if I didn't mishear you, I think you said 258,000 for corrugated and 101,000 for consumer. Did I miss something there? What was the figure for paper?
David Sewell: Sure. I'll start by answering the first part of your question, and I'll have Alex just give you kind of a rundown on our economic downtime. George, when I think about our enterprise capability, it's -- I think we're at the point where we just have the most momentum we've had in a long time. And I alluded to it in an earlier comment about Mexico. So for example, we had a large consumer customer that we were doing business with in the United States. They expanded a product line in Mexico, that was in corrugated, they came to us asking for a solution and that handoff was just seamless, and we were able to help them coordinate all of that and come up with a very effective solution. And then what was also exciting is that same consumer customer, it was a beverage customer, was looking for further plastics replacements and wanted to be very efficient in their process in doing that, and then we received a large machinery order at their sites. So we can help them be more efficient as they eliminate single-use plastics and move into a fiber-based solution and plastics replacement. So it's that connectivity that's really driving our excitement about enterprise sales because there's just so many customers now that are looking for solutions that cross over between corrugated and consumer. We're just -- and we're just able to do that. And I think just when you look at our corrugated results alone, you could just see the benefits are working into our bottom line. So we feel great about enterprise. We now have over 5,300 machines in place worldwide. Our backlog is incredibly strong. That is a key component, is our ability to customize our machinery to our customers' production lines. So with the plastics replacement, this is enormously important. And finally, you've heard a lot of e-commerce customers talk about wanting to exit plastic mailers. And so that is a great opportunity for kraft paper and our Pak On Demand machinery business, which we're just seeing a lot of excitement and energy around that as well. So combining all that, that's why we're just really excited about the future and what our portfolio is able to provide our customers, and just the Costco example alone, enterprise customers came to us asking for a solution, there was machinery, and again, we have a consumer and corrugated relationship with them as well. I'll turn it over to Alex to talk about your economic downtime question.
Alexander Pease: Yes. So George, just a couple of facts to put out there. So our integration rates in corrugated are between 80% and 90%. So if you apply that to the 258,000 tons of downtime in the corrugated business, you get roughly 40,000 tons related to the corrugated business. And then if you do the same math on consumer, our integration rates in consumer are around 50%, give or take. So that would give you about 50,000 tons for the merchant business in the consumer segment. Another way to think about it is we had $124 million was the cost associated with the economic downtime in total on a consolidated basis, about $58 million of that was in global Paper, about $49 million of that was in Corrugated and about $17 million of that was in the Consumer segment. So that should sort of give you the breakdown of how that falls out.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: I wanted to ask about some of the strategic investments that you guys are making. So you have the box plant that you're doing up in the Pacific Northwest. And I think at the Investor Day you called out, I think, $300 million to $500 million annually kind of over the 3-year period in return-oriented projects. Can you kind of talk about where you're at with that? I mean, obviously, like I said, I know the box plant. And then maybe, is there an acceleration in that, and that's part of the reason why cash flow is coming down a little bit, just given the EBITDA beat kind of here in the third quarter and [ seemingly ] in line fourth quarter outlook?
Alexander Pease: Yes. So I'll start, Gabe, and then I'll turn it over to David. So in terms of the overall CapEx guidance, I believe the number we gave at Investor Day was between $200 million and $500 million on top of $1 billion of baseload capital. And that's still the number that we're sticking to. When we start talking about 2024, we'll have a finer view on what our 2024 CapEx outlook looks like in our longer-range view. But more strategically, yes, we are, as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are really focused on driving a higher level of strategic investment recapitalization in the mill network and that converting network, which will drive higher ROICs and higher margins. And the Longview box plant is a perfect example of that, that's going exceedingly well. It's going to allow some other footprint actions that we're planning, and it allows us to operate much more efficiently. We're planning on order of 5 more of those types of investments really around the country to really optimize our converting network. We're looking at some opportunities within our mill footprint to increase the flexibility of our mill assets. And all that work is going on kind of as we speak. So we're not prepared to talk about any of it today, but we will as we start talking about 2024 and beyond. But I think it's a really exciting time for the company as we think about investing in our business and really driving higher returns. In terms of the cash flow guide of $800 million to $1 billion. There's a couple of things that are behind that. Obviously, our EBITDA is slightly below our expectations when we started the year. But look, I mean, I think we're delivering exceptionally good results in a really challenging environment. We've been able to invest around $1 billion in our business, which is more than we invested last year. We're catching up from some of the bottlenecks in capital deployment during COVID. So all of this is, frankly, really positive. And candidly, even at the low end of that range, to deliver $800 million in this operating environment is, I think, a pretty exceptional testament to the strength of our business and the amount of cash flow we generate.
David Sewell: Yes. The only other thing I would add, Gabe, just as you -- to your question on the strategy overall, I would blanket it kind of this way. As Alex alluded to, redeploying the capital at our mills that we had to make the difficult decision to shut down because of the higher costs, we are going to make those mills exceptionally more efficient and profitable with the additional CapEx we're able to redeploy. So our mill network is going to be more efficient. And then as Alex talked about on our converting assets, as we do these consolidations, there's CapEx potentially involved as we make these converting assets much more efficient, larger, more output per site. And so that's going to also drive more profitability and combined will give us a higher ROIC. So that's how we kind of think about it overall. And then tying that into our commercial strategy, what are the segments that we're really focused on, that are higher growth, higher margin, where we have a great solution and right to win, that consolidates everything together as we look at our overall strategy.
Gabe Hajde: And then one, hopefully, quick one point of clarification, more near-term focused. David, I think you said in your prepared remarks, up mid-single digit maybe year-over-year in the corrugated business. And then I think in response to a question, it was up mid-singles on a sequential basis. So just maybe a point of clarification. Are you -- again, I think you talked about stable in corrugated, so just what you were inferring there?
David Sewell: Yes. So for clarification, it was up mid-single digits from Q3. So sequentially, we were up mid-single digits. And our backlog was the strongest it's been in the calendar year. So we're seeing that improvement as we move forward in Q4, and we just expect that to continue as we get into 2024. So we really feel like we have come out of the bottom of the down cycle, and we are now on the upswing. And that's how we look at our Q4 and 2024 as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: So you mentioned redeploying some of the capital that otherwise would have been going to some of the facilities you're closing to increase efficiency at the remaining mills, et cetera. Is this likely going to be incremental projects? Or is it going to make the most sense to be doing Florence-type projects at some point?
David Sewell: Mark, it's a really good question. It's going to be a combination of both. We look at all of our assets. We look at where we want to the company to be and what drives the highest returns. So if there is another type Florence investment that we need for our footprint, that's the direction we're going to go, in addition to some of these incremental projects. So I think, as Alex talked about that $200 million to $500 million when you get into that strategic investment, you're going to see a combination of both. And as we get closer to 2024 fiscal year, we'll give you much more detail and color around it.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. Then second, just kind of focusing still on the self-help. I believe the $1 billion profit improvement program was going to target about $250 million in fiscal '23. So if you can just sort of let us know. I know you talked about exit rates, but order of magnitude, what you think you will have accomplished in fiscal '23. And then how much would be likely on the docket for fiscal '24? I think there probably would be a step-up, but I just wanted to clarify.
Alexander Pease: Yes. I think the way we've bridged it is $250 million in '23, around $350 million in '24 and then the remainder in '25. Actually, though, Mark, we're well ahead of that. So as we mentioned, we're exiting the year at around $450 million run-rate, our in-year savings we're anticipating being north of the $250 million that we committed to because the team is just making great progress, and the balance of what we're talking about at this stage of the game is really around SG&A savings and supply chain-related savings, roughly 50-50 each. But as we've talked about with some of these asset closures and plant consolidations, we're really starting to get the flywheel moving on a lot of the operational improvements, which will really drive a reduction in unplanned downtime and unlock a hidden factory, lower waste rates. And so you should see those numbers begin to accelerate. So we feel really good about what we're doing on the productivity and cost savings side.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And recognizing it's a very dynamic process, are we still thinking there's $350 million order of magnitude incremental in fiscal '24 and keeping it separate, if possible, from the actions you did on the facility closures, where I have another follow-up question just to -- if possible.
Alexander Pease: Yes. So just to make the math easy, let's say we're going to do between $250 and $300 million in '23, just take the top end of that, so say it's $300 million, and we're $450 million exit rate, that would put you at $150 million just going in to as a rollover into '24. And then to get our $350 million number, you would say there's going to be $200 million incremental in '24. We're still building the operating plans for '24, but I think that's -- frankly, I think that number is conservative.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Super. And then just if we just focus on the 2 mills that are in the process of being closed and related converting plant actions, you talked about this being EBITDA incremental. And could you sort of give us a sense as to magnitude, again, recognizing there are a bunch of moving parts? And then also kind of what's the net cash closure costs, which obviously are onetime, but what's the net closure -- cash closure cost related to the actions?
Alexander Pease: So it's a little hard to answer your incremental EBITDA question because a lot of it depends on volumes. And in this volume environment, where things are so dynamic, it's just a tricky question to answer. But to give you a sense, the Tacoma mill that we just closed, the cash cost per ton is around $900 a ton based on the number that I'm looking at. The mills that we would reallocate capacity to, and I'm just going to use generalities, are around $200 to $400 a ton cheaper than the mill we closed. So that would give you a sense of sort of the incremental contribution that we would get from reallocating some of the capacity to those other mills. In terms of the cash cost for the one we just recently closed, the total was around $345 million; about 2/3 of that was noncash. So about 1/3 of that was cash related. And the bulk of the cash comes in year 1 and 2, and then it's offset by an assumption around the land sale coming in the latter part of year 2.
David Sewell: And the only other thing I would add is -- I'm sorry, just to answer your question. If you look at the converting sites, they are not as dependent on volumes as the mills. So you would see EBITDA of about $35 million to date. And then as we continue to optimize that footprint, that will just continue to escalate. And then to Alex's point on the mills, it is volume dependent. So you would just see a range depending on volumes. So to Alex's point, you can just kind of do the math of where we are currently and what we would do, I mean you could see a range of -- from everything we've done -- from low double digits to even higher on improvement.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And just to clarify, that $900 per ton, that was the total cost, I assume? Or did you say cash costs for...
Alexander Pease: Cash costs, that was cash costs.
Operator: Our next question will come from our next question will come from Cleve Rueckert with UBS.
Cleveland Rueckert: I had a couple of quick follow-ups. I was just looking at the positive price/mix in the -- particularly in the Corrugated Packaging segment. And I'm wondering if there are any index price lags that you expect to flow through that business over the next sort of couple of quarters, or whether that price/mix is just remaining positive because of the strategic actions that you've made and the mix improvements that's resulted from them.
David Sewell: So Cleve, as we look at our corrugated business, with all of the RISI pricing that's been announced, as we go into this quarter $70 of the $90 will hit our contractual customers. So you'll see continued price pressure through this quarter. And then coming out of this quarter, from the May increase, that $20 will come into play toward the end of the year and then be offset by the increasing volumes. About 75% of our customers are tied to that RISI contract pricing. So that's kind of how we look at the pricing. And then from a consumer side, just the recent announcements, we won't probably see those hit our consumer business until the end of the year. And then conversely we see, both on the containerboard side and paperboard side, we see those within 30 days on our global paper business, which is why you've seen a lot of the pressure throughout the year, but then we'll cycle around that as we get into 2024.
Cleveland Rueckert: Right. Yes. So there's just a lot more lag in those integrated.
David Sewell: Yes.
Cleveland Rueckert: Yes. Okay. That's clear. And then just sort of following up on integration. And I appreciate the color on the integration rates between corrugated and consumer. I'd just be curious, given the actions that you're taking throughout the footprint, do you have an integration target for those businesses? Looking ahead, I think probably running a little higher than maybe we thought in corrugated. I'd just be curious if you've sort of strategically thought about where you want to get to at this point or if that's still part of the planning you're doing?
David Sewell: So as we think about our integration rates with the 1.9 million tons that we've taken and if you go back to, say, a 2021 volume environment, our containerboard integration rates are really tracking in the high 80%s. And as we get into that 90% range, we feel really pretty good about that because it allows flexibility through the cycles. We have really good strategic partners on the global paper side that are not on the commodity side of that, buying multiple grades, long-term relationships. There's a lot of innovations that we're working on with them. So as we look at the mill footprint actions that we've taken and we look forward to 2024, I mean we're really in a great position in our supply/demand balance because, as we've talked about, we want to match our supply to our customers' demand. So the excitement that you hear about 2024 with the actions we've taken and the productivity, we feel really good about how we're entering the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst: This is actually John on for Phil. I hope you guys are doing well, and congrats on the good quarter. I just wanted to go back to the footprint. You guys have taken a lot of actions, particularly on the containerboard side, over the past, say, 15 to 18 months. I guess, could you give us some perspective on how you're thinking about your footprint now? And do you see the actions taking already announced being enough, or do you think there may be more to come, whether that be WestRock or generally the broader industry, more importantly? And then just to follow on that, how should we think about Tacoma, which is expected to shut by the end of the fiscal year? How should we think about the earnings leakage, whether it be in this fiscal fourth quarter or going into 2024? I think you touched on it being positive, but just want to maybe get a little bit more clarity on the flow-through.
David Sewell: Sure, John. I'll answer the first part of the question, and then I'll let Alex go through Tacoma with a little more depth. So as we look at our footprint, what we've always focused on is our customers' demand with our supply footprint. So we know it's -- there's all kinds of puts and takes going on in the industry. But our relationships with our customers are very strategic, very connected. A lot of our contracts are long-term contracts. So as I've kind of alluded to a little bit with Cleve, where we see 2024 -- I mean, right now, we're this has been an unprecedented year as far as the down cycle. We've made all the footprint actions. And as we see 2024 and 2025 with the connectivity we have with our customers and how they're projecting volumes, we really see a nice balance right now. And we've got -- again, it's virgin fiber, it's recycled, it's paperboard. So having all of those substrates is really important. So as we think about our footprint, we always evaluate it, we continue to evaluate it. But as far as a major short-term action, I don't anticipate that with everything that we're seeing as we head into 2024 with the demand environment we see, with the current supply environment that we have. I'll turn it over to Alex to talk about Tacoma.
Alexander Pease: Yes. Let me -- I'll try to just -- the headline that everybody should hear on the call is that the mills that we've closed, we're going to reallocate the strategic substrates to other mills in the network. So there won't be any EBITDA leakage associated with that. It will actually be EBITDA- and ROIC-accretive. On Tacoma specifically, just the breakdown, it's 510,000 tons of total capacity, about 105,000 tons that's linerboard, about 275,000 tons of that is white top, 60,000 tons is kraft paper and about 70,000 tons is pulp. So with the exception of the pulp, all of that other capacity will be reallocated around the network again. So it will be net margin- and EBITDA dollar-accretive. In terms of just -- it's not earnings leakage, but cash flow leakage, you will see about 2/3 -- or about 1/3 of the $345,000 of closure costs. That -- the cash cost associated with that is about 1/3 of that number, and that will happen in years 1 and year 2 offset in the back half of year 2 with a land sale.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. Okay. I appreciate that. And then just going back quickly, David, on the capacity, do you think the industry as a whole needs to take out more? It still seems like operating rates are relatively below where they should be. I mean, I know your Tacoma still has yet to come out, but just thinking about 2024, the industry as a whole, do you see more actions needed to kind of stabilize price? Or do you see the demand inflection, at least from the customer conversations that you're having, being enough to stabilize prices going into next year?
David Sewell: Yes. The way I would think about it, John, is we're laser-focused with our segments and our customer base. And so we're just matching our supply to their demand. As I think about the industry, and obviously there's capacity coming online, the customers that we're focused on, we just think, are going to be different than where this new capacity is. So we'll let that sort itself out, but we're focused on do we have the right supply and the right footprint with the demand where we want to grow from value selling, solution selling. And with the 1.9 million tons that we have, with the demand forecast we see as we go into '24 and into '25, I mean, we feel pretty good about where we're at. We like -- and we like the improvements we're making in our cost structure and productivity. So we'll continue to evaluate it. But right now, how we see supply and demand as we go into 2024 is balanced.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. I appreciate that. And then if I could just squeeze one more small one in here. The -- if we could get an update on the RTS and Chattanooga URB mills, if they've already closed for those sales? And if you could just remind us where the -- those are reported in which particular segment. I appreciate it.
David Sewell: So that the RTS sale is not complete. We hope to have that complete in September as we move forward in the business. And as again, just a reminder, it was a $375 million sale.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And what segment was that in?
Alexander Pease: RTS would have been within the consumer...
David Sewell: In the consumer segment...
Alexander Pease: It's the partitions business, basically.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Quartaro for closing remarks.
Robert Quartaro: Thank you, everybody, for joining our call today. We're available if you have any other follow-up questions, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the WestRock Second Fiscal Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Rob Quartaro, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Unknown Executive: Good morning, hello, can you hear me?
Robert Quartaro: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second fiscal quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our press release this morning and posted the accompanying presentation to the Investor Relations section of our website. They can be accessed at ir.westrock.com or via a link on the application you're using to view this webcast. With me on today's call are WestRock's Chief Executive Officer, David Sewell; and our Chief Financial Officer, Alex Pease. Following our prepared comments, we will open the call for a question-and-answer session. During today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements involving our plans, expectations, projections, estimates and beliefs related to future events. These statements involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those we discussed during the call. We describe these assumptions, risks and uncertainties in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. We will also be referencing non-GAAP financial measures during the call. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the appendix of the slide presentation. As mentioned previously, the slide presentation is available on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to you, David.
David Sewell: Thank you, Rob, and thank you for joining our earnings call today. I'll begin our call with some highlights from our fiscal second quarter, then provide updates on our portfolio optimization strategy and cost-savings initiatives. Following that, Alex will review our results in more detail and provide our outlook for the third quarter as well as our assumptions for the full year. Turning to our second quarter results on Slide 3. During the quarter, market trends were largely consistent with our first fiscal quarter. Our Corrugated Packaging and Global Paper segments remain impacted by lower demand, high inflation and shifting consumer spending. We have seen more stability in our Consumer Packaging segment, supported by new business wins and growing plastics replacement revenue. While we face difficult year-over-year comparisons in the quarter, we executed very well in a challenging environment. Our transformation initiatives continue to gain traction, and we are accelerating our portfolio actions. We remain on track to reach our $250 million full year target. I'll provide more detail on this shortly. I'm also proud to share that WestRock was recently included in Barron's most Sustainable U.S. Companies list, further recognizing our commitment to sustainability. Net sales during the quarter were $5.3 billion, down 2% year-over-year, and consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 8% to $789 million. Our results exceeded our guidance, primarily due to better-than-expected inflation trends, strong results from our operations in Mexico and progress on our transformation and cost-savings initiatives. Adjusted EPS was $0.77, a decrease of 34% compared to the prior year quarter. Please note, our adjusted EPS includes amortization of intangible assets, which was approximately $86 million or $0.25 per share for the quarter. Given current market conditions, we incurred a noncash goodwill impairment linked to past acquisitions of $1.9 billion pretax or $7.16 in earnings per share. We also incurred restructuring charges of $445 million pretax or $1.32 in earnings per share, primarily related to our decision to close our North Charleston paper mill. Within these restructuring charges, $347 million were noncash. Alex will provide more details on our performance in a moment. Before that, I'd like to discuss our transformation efforts. We remain committed to executing our strategy, and we are making tremendous progress. Our goals remain to leverage the power of One WestRock to deliver unrivaled solutions to our customers. With over $9 billion in enterprise sales, our customers value the broad portfolio of packaging solutions we provide. We are also driving efficiencies from our centralized purchasing initiatives, which have delivered $50 million in year-to-date savings to invest in innovations that contribute to the circular economy and enable us to replace plastics. We are currently targeting $400 million in revenue from plastics replacements this year. To improve efficiency and drive margins through our cost savings initiatives, we are making significant progress, and we continue to target $250 million in cost savings in fiscal 2023. And finally, to drive strong cash flows to invest in growth, optimize our footprint and improve our return on invested capital, we are focused on returning leverage to our targeted range of 1.75x to 2.25x while investing in our assets and returning capital to our shareholders through our dividend. We are confident in our strategy and our portfolio optimization is a critical component. Turning to Slide 4 and our initiatives to drive efficiencies and improve our operations, we are committed to operating world-class assets and focusing our portfolio on markets and segments with the most opportunity for growth. With this work fully underway, we have widened the scope of our planned portfolio actions and have identified a number of less efficient noncore assets that don't meet our return thresholds. As a result, we are taking targeted action to exit these assets and prioritize growth in more attractive areas. Our increased visibility into demand planning, production and inventory management is enabling us to optimize our converting network to drive throughput in our most efficient assets. In that regard, we are already in the process of closing 4 of our less efficient converting sites across both our corrugated and consumer segments. With these moves, we are consolidating our production into other more efficient facilities and improving our throughput to enable us to better serve our customers. Importantly, these actions are expected to have minimal impact on revenue, while driving profitability and return on invested capital. We have additional plans underway to continue these consolidation efforts. On the mill side, last year, we closed our Panama City mill and we eliminated corrugated medium production in St. Paul. Earlier this week, we announced the closure of our North Charleston mill. We intend to continue these mill evaluations with a focus on driving growth with our most efficient assets. The North Charleston mills production capacity was approximately 550,000 tons, including linerboard, saturating kraft paper and uncoated kraft paper. Similar to our previous capacity reductions, this mill would require significant investment to achieve our targeted productivity levels and we did not see a path to meeting our return on invested capital. The majority of the mill's linerboard and uncoated kraft paper production will be transferred to other facilities in our network. With the closure, we will exit the saturating kraft business and reduce our long-term exposure to the export market. Closing facilities is never easy, and we are working closely with our employees and our customers to support them as we move forward with these plans. We are also in the process of exiting URB production, which is not a strategic priority. In December, we closed on the sale of 2 URB mills and we are in the process of selling our stake in our RTS joint venture along with our Chattanooga mill. We continue to expect this transaction to close in fiscal 2023, subject to receipt of regulatory approval. By exiting these less productive assets, we are able to direct our capital towards better use and invest for growth in the most attractive markets and geographies. An example of this is our Grupo Gondi acquisition, which closed in early December. Our integration efforts here are well underway, and I am pleased to report that we expect to exceed our synergy targets. The business is performing better than our initial expectations despite a challenging macroeconomic environment. Our assets in Mexico, combined with our assets in Brazil and the rest of Latin America, bring us closer to our multinational customers and position us to benefit from growing onshoring trends. We are well on our way to capturing this highly attractive growth opportunity. Our portfolio actions are also reducing our long-term exposure to external paper sales. We are focusing on strategic partnerships that value our differentiated portfolio, value-added services and innovation. Reducing exposure to external paper sales will improve our vertical integration, reduce earnings volatility and optimize our production. Taken together, these actions demonstrate our commitment to operating world-class assets across our portfolio, and we see significant opportunities ahead. Turning to our cost initiatives on Slide 5. We also continue to make progress on our cost savings and productivity initiatives. We remain focused on streamlining our operations and centralizing our back office functions. We expect these planned SG&A efforts to deliver $175 million to $200 million in run rate savings by the end of the fiscal year. And through our One WestRock procurement and supply chain initiatives, we are targeting $250 million to $275 million in run rate savings by fiscal year-end. In North America, our portfolio actions have driven an $8 per ton decrease in containerboard costs. We are also investing to maintain and improve our assets, and we expect to spend approximately $1 billion in CapEx this fiscal year. Taken together, we are targeting approximately $1 billion in savings through the end of fiscal 2025, including $250 million this year. Note, these targets exclude the impact of economic downtime and inflation. Our portfolio actions and cost-savings initiatives are creating a leaner, more efficient WestRock. Though current market conditions present short-term challenges, we are executing very well and establishing a strong foundation to accelerate earnings power as demand improves. I'll now turn it over to Alex to discuss our segment results in more detail.
Alexander Pease: Thanks, David. Moving to our consolidated quarterly results on Slide 6. Second quarter net sales were $5.3 billion, down 2%, and consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $789 million, down 8%. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin was 14.9%, a decline of 100 basis points year-over-year. Price and mix positively contributed $335 million year-over-year and lower operating costs contributed $55 million. These benefits were more than offset by lower volumes of $204 million cost inflation of $143 million and economic downtime of $58 million. We incurred 265,000 tons of economic downtime in the quarter. Noncash pension costs also negatively impacted consolidated adjusted EBITDA year-over-year by $40 million. As a reminder, our pension plans remain overfunded. Turning to Slide 7. Corrugated Packaging segment sales, excluding trade sales, were $2.5 billion, an increase of $308 million or 14% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased $79 million or 24%, driven largely by our Grupo Gondi acquisition. Adjusted EBITDA margin, excluding trade sales, increased 130 basis points year-over-year to 16%. Pricing and mix contributed $155 million. And our operating costs contributed $28 million. These benefits were partially offset by inflation of $44 million, lower volumes of $36 million and economic downtime of $30 million. In connection with our Grupo Gondi acquisition, we also moved certain of our operations into the Corrugated segment. This change was not material and we therefore did not recast prior year amounts. For the second quarter of fiscal 2023, these operations generated revenue of $40 million and adjusted EBITDA of $7 million. While market conditions remain challenging, we've seen improvement in April with corrugated packaging shipments per day increasing mid-single digits for March. We remain focused on serving our customers and reducing costs. We're establishing a strong foundation for the coming years through our cost-savings initiatives and portfolio optimization efforts. Turning to the Consumer Packaging business on Slide 8. Our consumer business has performed well despite a difficult year-over-year comparison, including strong results from our Healthcare business last year. In the quarter, segment sales increased $15 million or 1% year-over-year to $1.3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased $13 million or 6% and adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.3%, an increase of 80 basis points year-over-year. Strong price and mix contributed $122 million and lower operating costs contributed $21 million. These benefits were partially offset by inflation of $58 million, lower volumes of $45 million and pension, FX and other of $27 million. As previously mentioned, we realigned certain Latin America consumer converting operations into the Corrugated Packaging segment in connection with the Grupo Gondi acquisition, and we did not restate our segments. Normalized for the realignment, Consumer Packaging revenue grew 4% and adjusted EBITDA grew 10% year-over-year. Quarter-end backlogs in our consumer business remains steady, while we continue to focus on capturing new business and growing our plastic replacement solutions. As David indicated, we're now targeting over $400 million in revenue from plastic replacements in fiscal 2023. Turning to Slide 9. Global Paper segment sales decreased $370 million or 24% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA declined 39% to $187 million with adjusted EBITDA margin declining 410 basis points to 16%. We continue to face soft demand and difficult year-over-year comparisons in our global paper business. While adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year, it was still 17% above the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Price and mix contributed $63 million, more than offset by lower volumes of $105 million, inflation of $35 million and economic downtime of $27 million. Additionally, sales to Grupo Gondi are now eliminated from our global paper results following our acquisition. Results were also negatively impacted by unplanned downtime at several of our mills. We're actively addressing these issues and deploying capital to improve our reliability and productivity. Volume in our global paper business continues to be affected by lower market demand for our products as well as higher inventory throughout the supply chain. We're also seeing the effect of published price changes flowing through our results with year-over-year moves in paperboard more than offsetting the negative moves in containerboard and kraft paper. In this environment, we're continuing to prioritize margin over volume. Over time, our portfolio optimization strategy will enable us to better serve our strategic customers while increasing vertical integration and reducing our exposure to external paper sales. Despite the lower overall volumes driven by current market dynamics, we continue to win new business where customers value our diverse portfolio and product offering. As David outlined, we're accelerating our portfolio actions and focusing on strategic customer relationships in our most attractive markets. Our goal is to increase our vertical integration and reduce volatility from external paper sales. Next, our distribution results are on Slide 10. We faced a difficult year-over-year comparison due to last year's large health care order in the second quarter. Segment sales decreased 15% year-over-year to $307 million, and adjusted EBITDA decreased 67% to $9 million. Results were negatively impacted by lower volumes of $24 million and inflation of $3 million, partially offset by lower operating costs of $5 million and positive price and mix of $3 million. Normalized for last year's large health care order, revenue declined 3% and adjusted EBITDA grew 34% compared to the prior year. Looking ahead, we remain focused on driving commercial excellence and unlocking additional cost savings in our distribution business. We generated $36 million of adjusted free cash flow during the quarter, down $176 million, driven by higher capital expenditures. We continue to expect fiscal year 2023 adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1 billion, driven primarily by working capital improvements and lower capital expenditures. We ended March with net leverage of 2.45x. Looking ahead, we remain focused on returning our leverage to our targeted range of 1.75x to 2.25x. Turning to guidance on Slide 12. We expect a sequential volume improvement offset by the flow-through of previously published price decreases. Our forecast for third quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA is between $650 million to $750 million, and adjusted EPS is between $0.30 and $0.60 a share. Some assumptions behind our sequential outlook include favorable costs driven by natural gas down approximately 30%, higher costs for recycled fiber, moderately lower cost in virgin, fiber, chemicals and freight, an effective adjusted tax rate of between 24% and 26% and approximately 257 million diluted shares outstanding. We're planning 121,000 tons of scheduled maintenance downtime across our system in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 13 and our full year cost assumptions. For our full fiscal year 2023, we expect a favorable year-over-year EBITDA benefit from lower energy prices of between $40 million and $50 million, primarily related to lower natural gas prices. In terms of fiber, we expect a benefit of between $250 million and $300 million. We're expecting negative impacts of $70 million to $90 million from chemicals inflation and $25 million to $45 million from higher freight costs. Lastly, we expect a headwind of between $450 million to $500 million from wages, benefits and other inflation as well as $160 million from noncash pension expenses that we've previously discussed. During the second quarter, we incurred a noncash goodwill impairment linked to past acquisitions, driven in part by the impact of soft demand, pricing pressure and elevated inflation on our longer-term forecast. Despite this challenging macroeconomic environment, we remain focused on our transformation initiatives and are confident in our ability to deliver $1 billion in cost savings by 2025. In the event market conditions stabilize and the relationship between price and inflation returns to more normal levels, we believe our 2025 goals remain attainable. As you would expect, should current macroeconomic conditions persist, where we see continued price degradation and significant inflationary effects, the goals would be significantly under pressure. This quarter's strong results in a challenging environment demonstrate the progress we're making in driving cost savings and continuing to optimize our portfolio. Now I'll turn it to David to conclude before we move to Q&A.
David Sewell: Thanks, Alex. While current market conditions present challenges, these dynamics are temporary, and the market will recover. Fortunately, our unique capabilities and resilient business model are enabling us to successfully navigate this slower demand environment. Longer term, we remain focused on leveraging the power of One WestRock. Our diversified portfolio industry-leading innovation platform and suite of automation solutions enable us to provide differentiated products and services for our customers. With over $9 billion in enterprise sales we see additional opportunity to capture more share of wallet. Our transformation initiatives and portfolio optimization strategy are creating a more efficient and more profitable company. We are laser-focused on reducing costs across our operations, supply chain, logistics, purchasing and back-office functions. Our efforts are beginning to bear fruit, and we see significant opportunity ahead. Lastly, our accelerated portfolio optimization strategy is enabling us to streamline our operations and drive growth in the most attractive markets. Our assets in Latin America are a great example where we are well positioned to benefit from shortening supply chains and onshoring trends. Taken together, our portfolio optimization actions will improve margins, increase our vertical integration and reduce volatility in our business. Our future is bright, and we look forward to sharing future updates on our transformation progress. Thank you. And with that, Rob, let's move to Q&A.
Robert Quartaro: Thank you, David. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on the North Charleston closure, is there any detail you can give us on potential cash costs of the closure, maybe EBITDA impact? And then, I guess, on the benefit side, any kind of fixed cost reduction estimate or way to think about that?
David Sewell: Yes, Anthony, I'll just give you a quick overview, and I'm going to have Alex walk you through some of the financials. It's -- we're not really in a position to tell you the EBITDA impact because we're going to be transferring the linerboard and the uncoated kraft paperboard to other facilities in our network. If you break out the 550,000 tons, about 280,000 tons were linerboard, the remaining were really split between uncoated kraft and saturating kraft. So we think it's really immaterial to look at it from an EBITDA standpoint. And DuraSorb was really a low-margin volatile segment for us. But as you get into the financials, I'll turn it over to Alex to talk about the cash cost.
Alexander Pease: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Anthony. So as David mentioned, in the quarter, it was $415 million, that would all be noncash. Then in the sort of out periods, we anticipate about $25 million for the balance of this year and then an incremental $75 million between $24 million and $27 million. The majority of those out-year payments would be cash and they'd be related to ongoing carrying costs. For the facility, the resolution of some employee matters, ongoing utilities, those sorts of things. So that should help you with the cash cost. So in aggregate, you're looking at about $550 million of total cost, about 1/3 of that is cash and about 2/3 of that is noncash.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe just switching to Global paper. I mean that performed above our expectations despite the volume weakness and weak global markets. Is there any kind of further detail you can give us on global paper in terms of how containerboard versus boxboard external sales played out or maybe regions that are still quite weak or maybe others that have maybe looked like they're bottoming or just customer inventories? Or just wondering if you can walk us through the market conditions in global paper as you see them right now?
David Sewell: Sure. Happy to do so, Anthony. If you look at the Global Paper segment, obviously, a majority of that is in containerboard versus paperboard. And if you break down our containerboard, the biggest drop has been in export. We probably saw about a 50% drop in our containerboard export business. Domestic was less than that, but still down double digits. Kraft paper much more resilient in domestic markets. And if you look at containerboard moving forward, we believe and we are at a point where we've reached the bottom, and you'll start to see sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter, still down year-over-year, especially driven also with the PPW pricing. But we feel good that we've kind of -- are at the bottom of the trough of the containerboard domestic and export market and see sequential improvement moving forward, but still down year-over-year. If you move over to paperboard, mostly domestic market smaller percentage in the export market, probably about 10% to 12% of our paperboard sales going to the export market. And the export market was down in paperboard and the domestic market was softer, but in the single-digit range. So nothing nearly as material as we've seen in containerboard. So if you break it down, that's kind of how we see our global paper business. And just as Alex mentioned in his notes, despite the really unprecedented drop in volumes that we've seen, EBITDA is still up from 2 years ago, 17%. Margins held at the 16% range, while down over 400 basis points. The team has done a really good job managing really an unprecedented downturn in this segment that we now fully believe will sequentially improve as we move forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: I had a question about just, I guess, what we've heard from several of our companies was that January started off pretty good and then sort of deteriorated as the quarter progressed. I'm curious if you guys had the same experience? And then your comment, Alex, about corrugated volumes kind of being down -- or excuse me, mid-single-digit up from March. I guess that still implies down mid-single digit year-over-year. So maybe just a little bit of context around how the quarter progressed and then what exactly you're seeing on a year-over-year basis in April?
David Sewell: Sure, Gabe. And Gabe, just for clarification, I'm assuming you're talking about the corrugated trends?
Gabe Hajde: Yes.
David Sewell: Yes. Okay. So if you look at our quarter, January was definitely our strongest month. We saw it get softer February and March. In February, March, it was pretty stable. We didn't see a drop from March from February. It was pretty similar in February, March in the softness. And then as Alex alluded to in April, as we exited March, we saw mid-single digits growth in April. And everything customers are telling us, everything we're seeing in our backlogs is we'll continue to see that sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter and then, of course, down year-over-year. And one thing to remember in your modeling and it goes into our forecast for Q3 is we see about a 3- to 6-month lag in our contracts on the Corrugated side. So with the PPW pricing decline, we'll start to see that here as we go through the quarter and into the third quarter, but volumes we see sequentially improving. So that will be the balance as we move forward.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And I guess to make sure that I'm interpreting this correctly, the -- on Slide 5 here, effectively, I think you're telling us the prior $1.5 billion of targeted savings that you guys had communicated, I know a portion of that was sort of capital contingent, and it doesn't look like you're kind of spending that $300 million to $500 million of capital this year. I don't know what next year looks like, but that's the piece that you're kind of taking off the table in terms of the bridge to get you to $1.5 billion. So think about $1 billion as of today. And I guess if that is, in fact, the case, I think Alex said maybe the $4 billion might be achievable still. So how do you -- I guess, what's the incremental bridge item there?
Alexander Pease: So about 3 questions there, Gabe. I'll try to take them and then just dial me in if I don't get everything that you were after. So first, on the $1.5 billion that we mentioned during our Investor Day. I think it's important for everybody to know, we actually never guided to the $1.5 billion of total productivity. We were always clear that we would reserve some of that to reinvest in the business, predominantly around growth. So what we're doing, the sort of new news here is we are guiding to $1 billion in 2025 through all of the great work that the team is doing and the self-help initiatives that David mentioned. So we're focused on controlling what we can control and we're confident that we can deliver that $1 billion to 2025. But as Slide 5 suggests, we still see $1.5 billion in self-help opportunity, and we will continue to drive to unlock that opportunity in the out years beyond the 2025 time horizon. So that's I think on the first portion of your question. On the second portion of your question regarding the capital to attain that, in line with what we suggested during Investor Day, our sort of steady-state capital diet is in the order of $1 billion a year. We've earmarked $300 million to $500 million for strategic investments. We've pointed to things like the Longview box plant as an example of those strategic investments, investing in some mill conversion type efforts to get to more strategic substrates would be another example. So obviously, this year, we haven't deployed that incremental $300 million to $500 million, but I think it's reasonable to expect as we continue to drive the WestRock of the future. We will look to some of those strategic investments. So I think that was the second part of your question. And then the third part of your question is regarding the 2025 targets, I think it's really important for everybody to hear that we're focused on controlling what we can control, and we're driving strong execution around the cost-savings initiatives and the portfolio-optimization strategy. And despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, we're really focused on this. Should the market conditions stabilize and the relationship between price and inflation return to more normal levels, we do believe that our 2025 goals remain attainable. But as you would expect, and it should be fairly obvious, if the current macroeconomic conditions persist, where this price degradation continues and we have significant inflationary effects, those goals would be under significant pressure, and I don't think that should come as a surprise to anybody. So hopefully, I answered your question, but just to underscore, I do think that this quarter's results in an extremely challenging environment really underscore the progress we're making in driving what we can control.
Operator: We proceed with a question from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Piggybacking on that last question, Alex and David, so you're trying to control what you can control. We appreciate that. We realize that you can't control inflation and other factors. How do you gauge -- how should we gauge your progress on your commercial progress? And what I really mean is your gain of mind share, market share with new products and your ability to maintain your volume and hopefully grow it in this environment that we're going to be in the next couple of years. Relatedly, you -- we appreciate the statistic on the machine installations and the enterprise sales, can you give us a bit of color in terms of what the comparisons were and what your goals for growth here are going to be? And then a couple of follow-ons.
David Sewell: Yes, George, I think that's a really important question because when you're in a downturn environment like this, it's easy to focus on the cost and productivity, which I couldn't be more proud of what the team is doing. But you never want to take your eye off of growth. And we have a tremendous amount of effort in our commercial excellence initiatives. And when you look at our commercial progress, it's the solutions we're providing and are we gaining new wins in the market with our complete solutions. So you hit on a couple of things. So first, plastics growth. I think if you were to look at a year ago, we were just over $300 million run rate in plastics replacements. This year, we're already at $400 million, and we continue to expect that to expand. And when you look at our innovation pipeline of new business, it is significant and some really groundbreaking technologies that the team is working on. And that ties also to our machinery because it's automated. And when you look at the strong backlog and the stickiness of our machinery and automation business, the customization that we're able to do. We're seeing that just continue to expand our commercial growth. So that is organic growth that we really feel strongly that we're winning. And then on enterprise sales, what's been really nice about our growth in Latin America is the number of multinational companies that want us to provide complete solutions globally. So they're bringing -- they're doing a lot of onshoring. There's significant growth in Mexico. Brazil, we're seeing tremendous growth. Our assets are really world-class in Latin America. So that enterprise piece, whereas a year ago, we were at $8 billion of enterprise sales, we're now at $9 billion of enterprise sales. And -- so we feel like this complete solutions that we bring in an environment, where we've got a strong innovation pipeline of new products. We measure our new product growth as a percent to our sales. Our machinery and automation provides tremendous stickiness. We have a tremendous backlog in that piece of our business. Our plastics replacements and are we growing profitably? To your point, we don't want to be in this transactional situation where it's onesie-type transaction efforts. Our customers are ones that are partners with us. We've had long-term relationships. They value what we brought to them during a really challenging time over the last couple of years through COVID and supply chain tightness. And we're with them right now in global expansion in organic growth, plastics replacement, and complete solution selling. And we will continue to see the results like what we see, I believe, this year where we have such a broad range of levers to grow and to get through an economic downturn. We just feel great about our portfolio.
George Staphos: Yes. So David, I just appreciate you giving the comparison of enterprise sales from last year. Do you have a target for that by whatever interval? And then on machinery, if you had a comparison and a target, that would be great. And then just my last question, I'll turn it over. In the impairment charge that you took for goodwill, where was that largely centered, which business or which acquisition over the last number of years saw most of that impairment hit? Just are there any things that we should take away as we try to gauge your business and its prospects, either across end market or product line?
David Sewell: So thank you, George. Appreciate that. I'm going to address your enterprise and machinery question, then I'm going to have Alex go through the details on our impairment charge. So as we think about our machinery business, our backlog is incredibly strong, and we're looking to accelerate our manufacturing of those assets because customers are looking to obviously improve their automation with the labor challenges that are happening. So we are looking to expand our machinery business. We love this piece of the stickiness that it brings us for both Consumer and Corrugated. So you're going to look for that to continue to grow. And we'll really start providing more detail on the wins that we have and how that looks. From an enterprise, as we work with the Gondi acquisition, we have just such a wonderful leadership team that came with Gondi and the acquisition. We are just scratching the surface on what that could potentially bring from an enterprise standpoint. One thing to remember about Gondi is they were doing both corrugated and high-graphics so there was a consumer aspect to them. So they're already there from an enterprise because they saw the value with their customers, especially in beverage. And now as we look at onshoring and the connectivity we have in North America with large multinationals bringing that in, I think we're just scratching the surface of what that can bring in Latin America. So we fully expect it to grow mid-single digits is our expectations, where customers want that growth. And again, that's just another value proposition that I think we have to offer. And then on the impairment, I'll have Alex talk about.
Alexander Pease: Yes. I'll go through that, George. So just to state a couple of things that are probably obvious to the group that are worth stating. The impairment is all noncash. So it's not a cash charge. And it is related to historical acquisitions as you would probably guess. It's impossible -- because of resegmentation efforts that have occurred, it's impossible to attribute it to any one specific acquisition. I think you could make your own assessment on which acquisitions were more or less favorable in our portfolio. In terms of where it fell regarding the segment, it was largely in our Global Paper segment. So we wrote the goodwill on our Global Paper segment down to 0, which again, I think would be intuitive given the challenging macroeconomic environment that we've been facing. And then it was about 1/3 of the goodwill in the Corrugated segment. So that's how it broke out through the financials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland from Truist.
Michael Roxland: Congrats on a good quarter despite various headwinds.
David Sewell: Thanks, Mike. Appreciate it.
Michael Roxland: Absolutely. David, you mentioned, I think, in some of your opening remarks that you widened the scope of your portfolio optimization and in terms of identifying noncore assets. So I want to get a sense from you, what has changed over the last couple of months for you to take another look at this portfolio optimization?
David Sewell: Yes. That's a good question, Mike. We've always had this, and we've talked about this over the last several years. I think the biggest change has been what we've seen in the market with the really significant turn that happened in demand, it really allowed us to accelerate where we were. You have to remember a year ago, we were basically sold out. And now with this environment that we're in, it's allowing us to accelerate some of the opportunities that we saw. And even when you look at the converting plants, that's a really big opportunity for us because of all the acquisitions we've made we really never fully integrated it from an operational standpoint. And so now that we're able to breathe a little bit with where demand is, we're recognizing in some areas, we might have multiple converting plants within a couple of hundred miles with the productivity that we're generating and delivering and with the ability to potentially move from 5 days of production to 7 days, we can be more efficient in our converting sites while maintaining customer service levels, improving -- and improving our quality, improving our flow through. So I think, Michael, what's changed is we're able to allocate resources to drive some of these productivity efforts and the success that we're seeing, and this goes back to kind of Alex's comments, we may invest more because we're seeing the return on these investments really deliver for the bottom line.
Alexander Pease: Yes. So just to build off David's comments, just we closed 4 facilities as we mentioned, I think, in the prepared remarks. So within one of those facilities, we had 6 other sites within 200 miles. Another one of those facilities, we had 4 other sites within 200 miles. So a lot of the great work that the team is doing around unlocking that hidden factory is enabling us to consolidate facilities where just by nature of the acquisitive history of the company, we've inherited a bit of a congested footprint. So I think that's really the benefit of the productivity work that we're driving internally. I also think and this gets back to Gabe's question around CapEx and David touched on it. We learned a lot from the Florence investment that we made. We've learned a lot from the Longview box plant on how do we deploy our capital to build the next generation of facilities and really fundamentally shift our cost position. And so as we talk about the $300 million to $500 million of incremental capital, a lot of that is really going to enable us to optimize our portfolio in just a fundamentally different way.
Michael Roxland: Got it. Very helpful color. I appreciate. Just one quick last question, Alex. You also -- you mentioned some unplanned downtime at several mills and that you're working to improve overall mill reliability. Can you just provide some more color on what happened at those mills, if you can share which mills they were? And if the impact is ongoing and impacting in fiscal 3Q and beyond?
Alexander Pease: Yes. So I'll start and David can pile on. I'm reluctant to sort of call out specific mills, just because unplanned downtime is sort of the nature of the beast in any asset-intensive manufacturing operations. Some of the examples of that include basically issues in the head end, it includes tears and brakes. It includes issues with the winders. So in the quarter, what we pointed to specifically were some unplanned downtime events predominantly in the mills that serve our global paper business. This is one of the reasons when you look at the productivity bridges, you'll see a pretty big negative productivity impact in the global paper business. And again, if you know our mill network, you can kind of deduce where a number of those mills were. Again, pointing back to focusing on what we can control, what we can control is recapitalizing our assets and driving productivity through the deployment of that capital. And so we're really looking hard at what are the root causes of these unplanned downtime events and how do we address those through the strategic deployment of capital. And in cases where the deployment of that capital is not going to meet our return thresholds, then we'll look at closures, just like we did in Panama City and Charleston. But an example that we've talked about a lot is our ongoing winder investment program. We're really upgrading our winders across the entire fleet. That drives better reliability of the mills and brings us to a different position on the cost curve. So that's how we're -- that's what the issues are and where it manifests in the network and then how we're thinking about addressing those issues as we drive towards the $1 billion in 2025 and beyond. And David, what would you add?
David Sewell: Yes. The only other thing I would add on that is what we're really interested in investing and is looking at predictive analytics. This is an opportunity for us to ensure that we understand if there is heavy vibrations on a machine, we can capture it early, fix it before there's any unplanned downtime as a result of that. So we're also -- as we look at capital investments, we're also looking at digital investments, and we're piloting some pretty neat technologies that are giving us really good insights into our equipment and into our reliability. And I think you can expect us to continue down that pathway.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Weintraub from Seaport.
Mark Weintraub: Wanted to ask, as you're going through this process of identifying the assets to be reinvesting in and obviously in Panama City, Charleston, the decision to close. Are you seeing that there's a real wide discrepancy in the choices that there are mills and assets in your system that are well capitalized and highly profitable and then there are mills in your system that are at the very far end of the scale. And so then you have to kind of choose among that subset. Or is it more that it's sort of more even across and you've got to make decisions on this is the best places -- in a difficult decision to make, but these are the ones that we choose to go forward with? And are there -- maybe just start with that, please.
David Sewell: Yes. No, that's -- it's a good question, Mark, and I think it goes to the acquisitive nature that the company history has. And when you make these acquisitions, you do get a variety of assets that maybe have been undercapitalized versus overcapitalized in the strategy of the company that made those acquisitions. And so to answer your question directly, I would say we do see a wider range of assets that are well capitalized versus maybe under-invested and they sit differently on our cost curve as we look at it from a cost per ton basis. So what we want to make sure we do is we never want to make sure we underinvest in our strategic high-quality assets, so we make sure we keep those at a great level. And maybe some of those at the other end of the spectrum, we -- that's the decisions that we make. It's -- this is the investment we need to get to the asset quality that we want. Does it give us the return that we expect from that investment? And if it does, we'll always look to invest. And if it doesn't, we have to make the hard decisions like we made in Panama City or North Charleston.
Mark Weintraub: And when...
David Sewell: Does that help answer your question, Mark?
Mark Weintraub: It does. Obviously, more precision over time just would be incredibly helpful. And for instance, just understanding with North Charleston, what is the -- how do you see the financial impact? And presumably, you have a sense of the cost takeout and much of that, as you've mentioned, much of that production, you think you're going to be able to shift, so that's really a cost takeout, but we are going to lose whatever EBITDA might have been affiliated with DuraSorb. So presumably, that would be something we could get something of a sense of as we try to figure out the -- kind of the thought process behind making that move.
Alexander Pease: Sure. So let me take a run at it, Mark. And the challenge with answering your question, just to be very candid, is obviously, we're not going to talk about specific mills before any decision has been made for a lot of reasons that I think should be obvious. But as David mentioned, there's a very sort of balanced scorecard that we look at in terms of what are the grades that the mill produces and how strategic are those grades and substrates? What is the source of fiber and the fiber supply? And is that competitive when you start thinking about recycle mills that are about 1/3 the ongoing capital diet as a virgin mill. And so that's obviously something that we evaluate. And then what markets does the mill serve and what's the EBITDA less CapEx contribution of those mills. And so that's really the criteria, and we tier each one of the mills in a Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 framework, which I've described for this group before. And we're always looking at if a mill can't move between those tiers, how do we adjust our capital accordingly? As it relates to the Charleston question, which was your specific question, it's an interesting case because we're able -- and I think David mentioned this in a prior question, we're able to basically move a lot of the production of that mill to other mills in the system, again, through the great work that the team is doing and unlocking the hidden factory. And then for the nonstrategic highly volatile DuraSorb product, that's a product line that we're not strategic for us, and we'll exit that and work with our customers to exit that over time. But in aggregate, there is essentially no EBITDA impact from the closure of that mill, and there's a significant benefit in terms of our capital efficiency because we can redeploy that capital into our higher-performing assets. And so that's how we thought about it. And that's the same candidly, the same framework we use for Panama City, and it's the same framework we'll use for ongoing decisions.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That is helpful. Shifting gears. One thing I noticed is you have a lot less maintenance downtime in the fourth quarter, your fourth fiscal quarter. How big a benefit all else equal, would that typically provide as we're thinking sequentially from the fiscal to the fourth quarter -- fiscal third to fourth quarter?
David Sewell: Yes. Fourth quarter is usually always our lowest maintenance downtime scheduled. As we look at it this year, it is -- I think we have about 19,000 tons scheduled for impact. We'll look and we did this last year, we'll look as we look to balance can we pull in some Q1 depending on where the market conditions are for 2024 into fourth quarter. But that's just typically how it happens. And historically, it's always been that way, but we'll continue to balance it. And if market conditions continue the way they are, we can maybe pull some scheduled maintenance in Q1 2024 into Q4. But as we've mentioned, we do believe sequentially, we'll continue to see volume improvements, and that's going right into our planning as to how we see the market.
Alexander Pease: And maybe, Mark, just to help with the math a little bit. I think we mentioned on the call, we did take 265,000 tons of economic downtime and slowback. That cost the company about $58 million. So you can sort of do the math to figure out how much the downtime costs us when we take it. And that's obviously economic downtime, not maintenance downtime, but I think it's a relatively good heuristic.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Because sometimes maintenance downtime is often a lot more expensive than because you're actually spending money in the course of the maintenance. So that's sort of what I was just trying to get a bit more clarity if there was help you could give us.
Alexander Pease: Yes. I mean it's a fair point, although there's incremental costs associated with economic downtime as well as it relates to the inefficient usage of machinery, inefficient usage of labor, and that sort of thing. A lot of the incremental costs associated with maintenance downtime is capitalized over time. So again, I think it's a fair heuristic to use without getting into specifics of what the maintenance downtime costs us.
David Sewell: Yes. Maybe one last comment I'd add on that is we also have the ability, can we get the equipment that we ordered that we may have scheduled for our maintenance downtime. Backlogs aren't coming down on equipment, but they really got stretched out over the last year or 2. So some -- we've got to make sure we plan our scheduled maintenance as we can get the equipment and so we can do the proper work.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Super. And just one last one. Just on the energy, if I look at the delta you're expecting for the full year, I think you buy like 85, 90 MMBtu of nat gas. And so that's a pretty low number. Do you have a fairly significant hedging program in place that is kind of minimizing the benefit for this year that we potentially can be seeing next year if nat gas has stayed where they are?
Alexander Pease: Yes, a couple of things for me to sort of clarify on the bridge. To your specific question on hedging, about 50% of our natural gas is tied to NYMEX, and we do hedge a portion of that through basically a dollar cost averaging approach over time. And so our realized NYMEX price is slightly above what you see and if you were to look at the NYMEX strips currently, but then we're reaping a benefit of that over time as natural gas comes back to more normal levels. The remaining 50% is tied to local contracts. And so that tends to be pretty variable depending on transportation, premium, local market dynamics, contract structure, all of those sorts of things. So that's why our natural gas -- delivered natural gas is not directly comparable to NYMEX spot. The other thing in the number that we provided that includes, it's not just natural gas, it includes electricity and coal as well as other things like diesel and fuel. So it's a bit of a bucket of total energy cost, not just natural gas. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: We have a question from Cliff Rueckert from UBS.
Cleve Rueckert: Thanks for sneaking me in at the end here. Just a couple of quick follow-ups because I think there's been a lot of good color. First of all, David and Alex, I'm wondering if you could just give us some color on what's giving you confidence in the troughing demand that you're talking about? That's been a subject of debate for the last couple of months and I'm just wondering if you could give us some color on that, what you're seeing?
David Sewell: Yes. I'd start on the containerboard side. I think just as we look at April orders over March, up mid-single digits, I think we're -- on the domestic side, I think we're getting through most of the destocking that needs to occur. And just how customers talk about the second half of the year, with just a little bit more optimism. The piece that I would also say, though, is, it's still going to be down year-over-year, and we still have some pricing headwinds with our contracts in the second half of the year, but we do believe volume sequentially will continue to improve. I mean, we're out talking to our customers every day on this. We're working with them every day. But it will be a slower ramp up but we do see it sequentially get better quarter-over-quarter. On the consumer side, we -- as we talk to our customers, and again, it's different by segment. Our backlogs remain at about 6 weeks, which is a solid backlog for us, where we can continue to provide the service levels we have. We are seeing some segments that have been softer. And then we're seeing some segments like health and beauty that have been a little bit more resilient. So as we talk to those customers, I think they're feeling optimistic on the second half of the year, but I think some segments are definitely a little softer and some are a little bit more resilient from this standpoint. And then as we move forward, continuing that trend. On the paperboard side, as we mentioned, we've seen a little bit more softness domestically, and we'll watch that trend in our global paper business and see how that continues as we move forward sequentially as well. But it's really been for us on the global paper side, on the containerboard side, and we'll continue to hopefully see that sequential improvement that our customers are talking about, and we'll just have to balance the PPW pricing deflation that's occurred.
Cleve Rueckert: Got it. And sorry if I missed it earlier, but I didn't hear any detail on what drove the outperformance versus guidance in the quarter. I think I appreciate natural gas was lower than planned. But could you give us any detail on there? What was different than the guidance and then maybe some sources of variability that we can track into the next quarter?
Alexander Pease: Yes. So really, it's -- there are 2 primary drivers. Gondi continues to really perform well. And so we're, again, just highlighting how excited we are about that acquisition, the growth opportunities that it unlocks and the quality of those assets. And so that was a business that I think exceeded our expectations in the quarter and given the newness of the acquisition, just a little bit trickier for us to forecast. And then we did have quite a bit of benefit from inflation that exceeded our expectations. So those are really the 2 biggest drivers. And again, all of the actions that we're taking to focus on what we can control. We know it's a challenging market. And so we've really been driving a lot of work on the cost side to take cost out. We pointed to run rate savings in SG&A in the order of $200 million this year. We pointed to procurement and supply chain savings for the year at a run rate basis of between $250 million to $275 million. So again, just really driving towards that $1 billion of cost savings by 2025 with great execution.
David Sewell: And I would just add, even with the terrific performance in Latin America, which I think is really important as you look at our portfolio, you've got Mexico, which has been estimated to grow at 50% faster than North America. You've got Latin America where we have just wonderful assets, terrific leadership in our Latin America business. So that's really helping drive differentiation. But then if you just look at North America, the performance of the North America team has been really, I think, very, very strong. Our EBITDA was basically flat as you look at just North America. So that just talks to the productivity and cost-savings improvement that are going on. Our North America margins actually went up 50 basis points in this challenging environment. Now that will certainly get pressure with some of the pricing. But it, I think, illustrates all the efforts are really starting to have an impact on our bottom line.
Cleve Rueckert: Yes. Yes. I mean, I hope you can appreciate from our side, we're trying to gauge whether there's any conservative assumption in the Q3 guidance? And how much of that productivity that you're talking about can carry through, but we can follow up on that offline. Alex, just one really quick follow-up. I don't want to take up too much more time. Do you have an expectation for OCC prices for next quarter that you can share?
Alexander Pease: Well, let me get back to your prior question. I know you said we could take it offline. But look, we -- when we guide, we guide with our best assumptions that we have at the point in time and we focus on execution. And the fact that we were able to deliver a very strong quarter in the face of a really challenging macroeconomic environment just points to really, really great execution and all the progress that we're making on how we're transforming the company, and we talked about that at length. As it relates to -- and David's mentioned it several times, but as it relates to the back half of the year, we do anticipate that the price impact that we've seen through the Global Paper business will flow through the converting business because of the nature of the contracts. And again, David's mentioned that a number of times. When you think about our guide for Q3, that is clearly a headwind that we're facing. It's not going to slow down our execution, but it is a headwind that we're facing, which is probably the principal assumption in the outlook and how we're thinking about the second half. As it relates to your question on OCC, we are not really -- we're sort of suspending the practice of giving a specific outlook on OCC pricing because, obviously, that is sort of doesn't work in our favor from a commercial standpoint. We did point to total fiber costs impacting the year-over-year comp by around $250 million to $300 million. We do expect OCC to trend higher as we look to the back half of the year. And that's as this new capacity comes online and the demand for OCC goes up, we do anticipate it to trend higher. But of course, that could be offset to the extent there is a weaker demand environment for finished product. But we're not going to comment specifically on what we think OCC cost per ton is going to do. PPW probably does -- or not PPW, but RESI probably does as good a job at that as anybody.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Quartaro for closing remarks.
Robert Quartaro: Thank you, everybody, for joining our call today and your interest in WestRock. As always, we'll be available if you have any additional questions. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the WestRock First Fiscal Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Rob Quartaro, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Robert Quartaro: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first fiscal quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our press release this morning and posted the accompanying presentation to the Investor Relations section of our website. They can be accessed at ir.westrock.com or via a link on the application you're using to view this webcast. With me on today's call are WestRock's Chief Executive Officer, David Sewell and our Chief Financial Officer, Alex Pease. Following our prepared comments, we will open the call for a question-and-answer session. During today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements involving our plans, expectations, projections, estimates and beliefs related to future events. These statements involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those we discussed during the call. We describe these assumptions, risks and uncertainties in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. We will also be referencing non-GAAP financial measures during the call. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the appendix of the slide presentation. As mentioned previously, the slide presentation is available on our website. With that, I'll now turn it over to you, David.
David Sewell: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for joining our earnings call today. This morning, I'll provide an overview of our fiscal first quarter results, followed by a review of our strategy and progress on our transformation. Then I'll turn it over to Alex, who will review our segment performance in more detail review our adjusted free cash flow and provide our outlook for the fiscal second quarter. We will then move to Q&A. Turning to our first quarter results on Slide 3. Net sales were comparable to prior year at $4.9 billion, and consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 4% to $652 million. Adjusted EPS was $0.55, a decrease of 15% compared to the prior year quarter, and the company generated $30 million of adjusted free cash flow. It's important to note that consolidated adjusted EBITDA was negatively impacted by $119 million due to economic downtime and weather disruptions. Pension and foreign exchange rates also negatively impacted our year-over-year consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth by $57 million combined. As we anticipated, the first quarter operating environment saw continued inventory rebalancing, elevated inflation and shifting consumer spending. These trends primarily impacted external containerboard demand as well as our Corrugated Packaging segment. However, Corrugated Packaging improved quarter-over-quarter with North American packaging shipments up 2% and to 373 million square feet per day. We continue to balance our supply with our customers' demand, and we incurred 356,000 tons of economic downtime during the quarter. Our Consumer Packaging business and external paperboard continue to see consistent demand supported by exposure to several resilient end markets and adoption of our plastics replacement solutions. During the quarter, our Consumer business was negatively impacted by weather disruptions and other items in several of our mills. However, we continue to see healthy demand and backlogs. The resiliency of our consumer business illustrates the benefit of our diversified business model and differentiates us in the market. Longer term, it also positions us well to capture more share of wallet as we are the only paper and packaging company able to offer a full range of packaging solutions, including machinery and automation. Corrugated Packaging adjusted EBITDA margins, excluding trade sales, were 14.2%, an increase of 70 basis points. Consumer Packaging adjusted EBITDA margins were 15.1%, an increase of 20 basis points. Both Corrugated and Consumer margins benefited from strong year-over-year pricing. We are continuing to implement previously published price increases in our consumer business, which should continue for several more months. Global paper margins declined 320 basis points to 14% as inventory rebalancing and softer demand pressured results. Distribution adjusted EBITDA margins increased 140 basis points to 3.4%, primarily driven by favorable selling price and mix. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.35x, slightly above our targeted range of 1.75x to 2.25x. We intend to use proceeds from the expected sale of our stake in RTS and our Chattanooga mill as well as our free cash flow to return leverage to our targeted range over time. We remain focused on executing our transformation and striving toward the goals we outlined in our Investor Day last May, recognizing the uncertain macroeconomic environment. We see significant opportunity to drive productivity, increase our margins and improve our return on invested capital. We will continue to leverage our robust cash flow to invest in growth, manage our leverage and return capital to shareholders. Before moving to an update on our transformation initiatives, I'd like to highlight that for the third consecutive year, WestRock was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index in recognition of our commitment to sustainable business practices. The index recognizes the top 20% of sustainability performance among the 600 largest U.S. and Canadian companies. Sustainability is core to what we do at WestRock, and we're proud to be recognized for our efforts. And I'd like to thank our 58,000 team members for living our values in everything they do. Turning to Slide 4. Last May, we communicated the four key pillars of our transformation strategy, and we continue to make progress in each of these areas. First, leveraging the power of One WestRock. Given WestRock's broad capabilities and scale, we are uniquely positioned to deliver value to our customers and serve their packaging needs. An ongoing example of this is our relationship with Molson Coors. Through our partnership, Molson Coors is replacing their use of plastic rings with our cluster pack packaging and automation solution. Molson Coors estimates this solution will eliminate over 1.7 million pounds of plastic waste annually by 2025. The complementary relationship between our machinery business and packaging serves our customers well, creates deeper relationships and drives organic growth. We now have over 5,100 machines in our installed base, and it continues to grow. We see strong demand for our machinery solutions with backlogs of 12 months as of the end of the quarter. Our next pillar is innovating with a focus on sustainability and growth. We are investing in innovative solutions to help our customers meet their sustainability targets and displace plastic packaging with more than 225 innovation projects in development. More than 30 of those projects are related to plastics replacements. Our plastics replacement revenue continues to grow and is currently estimated at a $365 million run rate, and we are targeting increasing that to more than $700 million in run rate revenue by fiscal 2025. Our third pillar is relentless focus on margin improvement and increasing efficiency. We are executing on our productivity initiatives, and we are on track to achieve $250 million in cost savings in fiscal 2023. These initiatives are driving savings through logistics and planning optimization, centralized procurement, SG&A reductions and efficiencies in our mill and converting network. We continue to see significant cost-saving opportunities beyond fiscal 2023, and we remain focused on unlocking these savings to expand our margins. And finally, executing disciplined capital allocation. We remain focused on using our cash flow to drive value through our disciplined capital deployment strategy. Last year, we invested more than $860 million to maintain and improve our assets. We've increased our dividend over 37% in the last 7 quarters, while also repurchasing more than $700 million of our stock. We are also continuing to refine our portfolio to focus on the most attractive markets, reduce volatility and improve our return on invested capital. Last year, we permanently shut capacity in higher-cost facilities in Panama City and St. Paul, enabling us to redirect significant capital investment toward better use in other assets. In December, we closed on the sale of two noncore URB mills and we continue to work toward closing on the sale of our stake in RTS and our Chattanooga mill, which remains subject to regulatory approval. We also recently completed our Grupo Gondi acquisition, which complements our North American footprint and increases our exposure to the attractive Latin America market. The IMF projects the strategically important market will grow more than 50% faster than the United States, driven by economic growth, and export product expansion in produce, protein and industrial goods. In addition to attractive financial returns, Grupo Gondi's high-quality assets bring us closer to many of our large multinational customers operating in the region. Grupo Gondi is already contributing to our growth, with adjusted EBITDA of $17 million since the acquisition closed in December and its full year results were in line with expectations. The results for Grupo Gondi are included in other unallocated this quarter given the timing of the closing, and we are near finalizing how we will report it longer term. I'll now turn it over to Alex to discuss our segment results in more detail.
Alexander Pease: Thank, David. Moving to our consolidated quarterly results on Slide 5. The first quarter net sales were roughly flat year-over-year at $4.9 billion, and consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 4% to $652 million. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin was 13.2%, down 50 basis points year-over-year. Price and mix positively contributed approximately $454 million year-over-year. This benefit was offset by cost inflation, lower volumes and higher operating costs. Note, consolidated adjusted EBITDA was negatively impacted by $119 million due to economic downtime and weather disruptions, which impacted our volumes and operating costs. Pension and foreign exchange rates also negatively impacted our year-over-year consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth by $57 million combined. Turning to Slide 6. Corrugated Packaging segment sales, excluding trade sales were $2.2 billion, an increase of $26 million or 1% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased $20 million or 7%. Adjusted EBITDA margin, excluding trade sales, increased 70 basis points year-over-year to 14.2%. As David mentioned, we saw 2% improvement quarter-over-quarter with per shipping day volumes of 373 million square feet. Strong pricing and mix contributed $206 million, largely offset by $79 million of inflation, $58 million from lower volumes and $39 million from higher operating costs. Results were negatively impacted by $60 million due to economic downtime and weather disruptions during the quarter. We are managing our business for current conditions, and we'll continue to balance our production with our customers' demand. Turning to the Consumer Packaging business on Slide 7. Segment sales increased $76 million or 7% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased $14 million or 8%, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.1%, an increase of 20 basis points year-over-year. Strong price and mix contributed $132 million, partially offset by inflation of $54 million and higher operating costs of $34 million. Consumer Packaging demand remains strong and backlogs are healthy. This diversification from our consumer business reduces earnings volatility and provides attractive long-term growth opportunities. Turning to Slide 8. Global Paper segment sales decreased $229 million or 17% year-over-year to $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA declined 32% to $157 million with adjusted EBITDA margin declining 320 basis points to 14%. While adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year, it was 4% above the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Strong price and mix contributed $115 million, more than offset by volume of $114 million and inflation of $48 million. Note that adjusted EBITDA was negatively impacted by $56 million due to economic downtime and weather disruptions. We saw weaker demand for containerboard and more resilient demand for paperboard during the quarter. Export containerboard declined 65%, while domestic containerboard declined 33%. In the current environment, we are continuing to prioritize margin over volume in our Global paper segment. Longer term, demand for our external containerboard business should benefit from the limited supply of virgin fiber globally. I'd like to mention that we will face a difficult year-over-year comparison in the second quarter, as Global Paper revenue increased 36% year-over-year in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. Next, our distribution results are on Slide 9. Segment sales decreased 1% year-over-year to $322 million, and adjusted EBITDA increased 66% year-over-year. Strong price and mix contributed $20 million, partially offset by inflation of $13 million and volume of $3 million. In the quarter, favorable selling price and mix contributed to the 140 basis points of margin expansion. Looking to the second quarter, our distribution business also faces a difficult year-over-year comparison as distribution revenue increased almost 30% year-over-year in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. Turning to Slide 10. During the quarter, we generated $30 million in adjusted free cash flow, down $54 million year-over-year driven by higher capital expenditures. We expect fiscal year 2023 adjusted free cash flow to be above $1 billion for the year, making this the eighth straight year of adjusted free cash flow above $1 billion. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.35x. Looking ahead, we're focused on returning that leverage to our target range of 1.75x to 2.25x. Turning to Slide 11 and our other financial guidance. We remain confident in the long-term trajectory of our business. WestRock's diverse portfolio of sustainable fiber-based packaging and complementary machinery uniquely position us to serve our customers. We are focused on serving our customers and growing our business through cross-selling, packaging innovations and plastics replacement solutions. At the same time, we see significant opportunity to reduce costs by the following actions: one, leveraging our scale to capture cost savings and procurement; two, optimizing our logistics and planning; three, driving productivity in our mills and converting network; and fourth, streamlining our back-office operations. That said, we're not immune from macroeconomic conditions, which have created uncertainty in the near term. As such, we're removing our full year guidance. Our forecast for second quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA is $625 million to $725 million and adjusted earnings per share is between $0.31 and $0.61. Some assumptions behind our sequential outlook include the following: favorable costs driven by natural gas down approximately 20% to $5 per MMBtu, OCC costs stable at $35 per ton and stable costs in virgin fiber, chemicals and freight. An effective tax rate between 23% and 26% and approximately 257 million diluted shares outstanding. We are planning 132,000 tons of scheduled maintenance downtime across our system in the second quarter. I'll now turn it over to David to conclude before we move to Q&A. David?
David Sewell: Thanks, Alex. While the current environment remains dynamic, WestRock's diversified business model and financial strength positions us very well. Our ability to provide corrugated packaging, consumer packaging and complementary machinery solutions differentiates us in the market and uniquely positions us to deliver a complete range of sustainable packaging solutions. In addition, our distribution business provides an additional channel for our products and allows us to serve a broader customer base. Our strong balance sheet and robust cash flow engine enables us to invest in our business and execute our transformation agenda in the midst of changing market conditions. We remain excited about the future, and we look forward to providing you updates on our progress. Thank you. And Rob, with that, let's move to Q&A.
Robert Quartaro: Thank you, David. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kyle White from Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: I guess I just wanted to touch on the guidance and the full year outlook and the decision to remove it. I guess where is the most uncertainty that you're seeing in kind of the rationale for this decision? Is it on demand in corrugated and implications on pricing? Or are you seeing a similar level of uncertainty in consumer as well?
David Sewell: Yes. Thanks, Kyle. This is David. And we really wanted to be very transparent with the economy and where it's at. So to answer your question, our packaging business in both consumer and corrugated came in fully in line with our expectations in Q1. We have full confidence in our packaging business, both Corrugated and Consumer and our full year forecast. So even despite the soft macroeconomic conditions in packaging, our sales, our EBITDA and our margins were all up in Q1. Where we see the biggest headwind is in our Global Paper business. Our customers really experienced much higher inventory levels in the last quarter with a much softer demand environment than they even expected. And that was particularly true in the export market. There was no lost business. Our relationships are extremely strong. It was just an uneven global macroeconomic environment. So as we look at the full year, the visibility, it was just difficult for us to ascertain purely in Global Paper in this environment. Our customers are definitely expecting more normalization in the second half of the year, and we do expect sequential and steady improvement. We're focused on what we can control and manage with our cost and productivity. We're confident that we'll get back to normalization. It's just probably going to take a little bit longer than we anticipated and our customers anticipated. And so we felt the best thing to do was to provide a quarterly forecast to get back to more confidence in the global environment. And just as a reminder, Kyle, our global Paper had an incredible year in 2022. Sales were up 20% almost. EBITDA was up 40%. And going back to 2021, we're still up 3%. So we see the paper business and its cyclical downturn. We have a tremendous leadership team that's actively managing through it. We've all measured these turns very well in the past, and I'm confident we're moving through the cycle and paper as the year progresses.
Kyle White: Sounds good. And then on the outlook for next quarter, are you able to give us a sense of how shipments have trended here in January for both the corrugated as well as the consumer business? Or maybe what the outlook assumes for demand.
David Sewell: Yes. So Kyle, we've definitely seen Corrugated stable from Q1 into Q2. Year-over-year, it's actually a slight uptick. So we feel good about where that's going. And consumer is truly a resilient business. Very strong through this cyclical environment. January is off to a really good start. One comment I'd make on consumer. We did have weather impact at 7 of our mills in December. So that did impact us a little bit, but the business is strong and resilient. I'd also say on the paperboard side in Global Paper, it's been resilient as well. So really, when you look at our full year forecast and where we're at. It's really just the uncertainty around the Global Paper business, particularly in the export market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport.
Mark Weintraub: David, just a quick clarification. So you mentioned Corrugated, a slight uptick year-over-year. I assume that -- does that mean that the year-over-year comparisons are looking a little bit better, i.e., it's still down, but not quite as down as opposed to actually seeing an uptick.
David Sewell: Yes, Mark, [ David ] here. Sorry, if I wasn't clear. So if we look at how we exited Q1 year-over-year, we're seeing a slight uptick over Q2 year-over-year. But we do still see the volume down.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So I mean -- and also just on the Global Paper, I assume that's pretty much containerboard. Is that fair to say as opposed to the Consumer Packaging grades?
David Sewell: That is correct. Our paperboard sales were actually up sales-wise year-over-year.
Mark Weintraub: And can you share with us at this point what percentage of your -- maybe in the prior quarter, what percentage of your containerboard production was going into the export market?
David Sewell: So if you look at in typical environment, it's usually about in containerboard, it's about 75% domestic 25% export. And then we just saw the dramatic softness more on the export side. And again, just to reiterate, it wasn't lost business. It wasn't anything other than was a really tight market in 2022, as you know. A lot of our global export customers were getting as much inventory as they could with the tight market. They saw a lot of softness last quarter with their customer base, so they were just had over inventory. And when you compare our containerboard customers to our corrugated customers, I would say we're pretty much toward the end of inventory rebalancing on that side of the business. But in our containerboard business, they're a little further behind. So that's just where we wanted to get a little bit better visibility in the full year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then just lastly, you -- Alex, I think, mentioned kind of a number of actions that you were looking at to improve on cost performance, et cetera. One thing I didn't hear was anything -- any additional potential action on the footprint? Are you, at this point, satisfied with the footprint? Or might it make sense to be looking at additional footprint actions?
David Sewell: Yes. So consistent to what we said back at Investor Day and our actions in 2022, we are going to be continuing to optimize our footprint. As you know, we took action last year with the closure of St. Paul in Panama City, the sale and divestiture of our URB mills and RTS stake. And so we do want to continue to improve our vertical integration. We'll continue to optimize our footprint, especially where we maximize our CapEx for returns. And we'll continue to do that. But again, this is a cyclical business. We think we're kind of near or at the bottom of the trough. So we think the upside and everything our customers are telling us for this as we get through the year, it's going to continue to improve. So we'll balance all of that in our supply with our customers' demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks for all the details and the commentary. So I guess the first question I had for you, one of the things we noted in the slide is it looks like your maintenance downtime schedule, the tonnage that you have out is lower in the third quarter than you previously had been guiding to. Correct me if I'm wrong in that regard. But if there is a change that's worth noting, what's going on there relative to your schedule and what's the impact in terms of earnings?
David Sewell: Yes. George, there's no material change in our scheduled maintenance downtime. I believe in third quarter, we have 127,000 tons which I believe is consistent with where we've been. But if that's different, we'll look into it and -- we can follow.
George Staphos: I think you're at 165,000 tons in the last slide. So I was just checking if there's anything notable there, that's all.
Alexander Pease: No. We're anticipating about 130,000 tons, as David mentioned. And that's sort of in line with our normal maintenance schedule. You'll know that sort of the end of the calendar year tends to be our -- and first of the calendar year tends to be our heavy maintenance period, and that's consistent with the way we've always done it.
David Sewell: We can follow up, though, if there was any difference.
George Staphos: Fair enough. Fair enough. Second question, kind of a 2-parter. Can you talk -- you said backlogs are good. I don't know if you specified a number if you did, apologies, but could you tell us what the backlogs look like in consumer across the grade? And can you give us an update? You used to provide the enterprise sales metric where the number of customers or amount of revenue that's being generated by customers buying $1 million of both consumer and corrugated packaging from WestRock look like. Can you give us some -- here's where we are, here's where we've been on that discussion point, so backlogs and enterprise sales.
David Sewell: Sure. I would tell you, George, first off, on the consumer side, our backlogs are consistent with what they've been in 2022 as we head into Q2. So that's why we feel it's a very resilient business. We feel good about where we're at with our -- both our consumer business as well as our paperboard business. And on the enterprise piece, I appreciate you asking that. We feel great about it. We are still tracking over $8 billion in sales of customers that buy over $1 million in consumer and corrugated. And what's been really encouraging is the dialogue we're having with customers now that we have Gondi. Many of those customers particularly in beverage and some industrial customers have large operations in Mexico. And so we're having really good dialogue both on the corrugated and consumer side. So we -- this just really emphasizes the importance of that Gondi acquisition.
George Staphos: Okay. Last question, I guess, do you have any kind of growth sort of a delta, the enterprise sales or number of customers, something like that, that would show the progress that you're getting from that versus, say, last year or 2 years ago? And then my last one, would it be fair to say that not getting into forward-looking pricing, but the price change that we have seen in containerboard will likely see most of that impact in WestRock's results in fiscal 2Q and fiscal 3Q? And if you could give us a cadence.
David Sewell: Yes, sure. So to start with your question on pricing, obviously, we don't forecast what we believe pricing is going to do. But with the pricing that has been announced, if you look at our corrugated business, about 65%, right now of contracts are tied to RISI pricing and the contract implementation is typically about 3 to 6 months. So if you back out when those increases were announced and you add about 3 to 6 months, you'll see that in 65% plus of our corrugated customers. You do see that pricing much more immediate in our global paper sales. Conversely, last year, as you saw that we got price increase very quickly on paper, and there was the delay of about 3 to 6 months on the corrugated side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Phil, is your line on mute? Our next question comes from Cleve Rueckert from UBS.
Cleve Rueckert: Just I want to start [indiscernible] on a big picture question. And just sort of following up on the Investor Day and some stuff we've talked about before, can you remind us how you're thinking about margins and really in the consumer and the corrugated segment as I recall, we were targeting about 20% EBITDA margin in both of those. But can you give us an update on kind of what the margin targets are and maybe on the timing where we stand?
David Sewell: Yes, sure. So if you go back to our Investor Day, we targeted greater than 19% margins overall for the company. And we are laser-focused on value over volume, driving our value-added solutions in both our corrugated and consumer business. And that ties in with our customer base, our segment, our pricing discipline, but also our productivity and cost out. So even as you look at Q1, which is historically a low-margin quarter just on the cyclicality of the business. And even in a softer economy, we were able to grow margins in both corrugated and consumer. So we feel we're right on the right path. We're committed to the focus of our 2025 targets for Investor Day.
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. But I mean, is it fair to say that margin improvement in Consumer and Corrugated is kind of the focus right now.
David Sewell: That's correct. While also driving growth, but it's profitable growth. That's the way I'd say it, where we provide great solutions for our customers.
Cleve Rueckert: Sure. Okay. That's understood. And then I don't want to dead horse, but just a follow-up on the guidance. You said that Q1 was basically in line with your expectations, which if you add back the weather, you sort of hit the midpoint, you're pretty close to it on EBITDA. So I'd just like to understand where -- and really when is the uncertainty? And I mean, is this about second half container export demand that just isn't clear right now? Or should we take this to mean there's a higher degree of uncertainty around the second quarter? I'm just trying to square those comments of sort of Q1 falling in line and then being more uncertain about the outlook.
Alexander Pease: I guess, Cleve, let me take a swing at it. First of all, as David mentioned, in his response to the prior question, we feel really, really good about how the converting businesses are performing. They're performing directly in line with our expectations. The segment that has been more challenged has been Global Paper driven by the issues that David mentioned around inventory, inventory destocking and customer demand. So that's really -- it's the macroeconomic environment that's driving the uncertainty. We feel really good that the team is executing well, and the team is performing against everything that we can control. We're taking cost out of the back office. We're driving operational efficiencies. We're managing the slowdown in the economy through prudent use of downtime. And so we're controlling everything we can control. As David mentioned, we still saw margin expansion even in the converting businesses. So the real uncertainty comes from Global Paper, and just not knowing when that business begins to rebound. But again, we feel good that it will strengthen as we get to the back half of the year. But given the level of uncertainty, we just felt as though it was prudent to shift to a quarterly cadence as opposed to an annual cadence, which I don't think is that uncommon for cyclical industries like ours.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: On your consumer business, if I'm looking at it right, your volumes were down about 4%. Was that mostly weather-related? Anything else that's driving that? David, you commented how backlog has been pretty strong. Do you expect demand in the consumer business to be like flat to up this year for the most part?
David Sewell: Yes. So there was a couple of things. Weather certainly played a role in December. We also have some really large national accounts that as it got to the end of the year, they just wanted to reduce their inventory levels. And then how January started, we feel we're back to where we were, at '22 levels. So if you look overall, as far as a dollar basis, which I know is also common that way to look at it, it's flat, which is similar to how the industry looks at this when you take out FX and pricing. So we continue to see strength in our consumer business and where we're at. And I think there was just a weather related and just some inventory relations with some large customers at the end of the year.
Philip Ng: You talked about how your export business was a little weaker in containerboard. Are you seeing any of that on your boxboard side? I mean, I believe the SBS you probably explored a little bit?
David Sewell: Yes. So because of the weather, we actually could have sold a little bit more. But because of the weather that happened in December, as I mentioned, our sales were still up in paperboard. So we're not seeing paperboard strengths similar to containerboard at all.
Philip Ng: Okay. Super helpful. And then from an inflation standpoint, Alex, really appreciate the color you provided for fiscal 2Q. But how do you think about it more holistically on a full year basis [some] of the major inputs? And then on the nat gas side, certainly, it's pulled back quite a bit lately. Can you remind us how much of it's hedged because I think you started implementing a hedging program more recently?
Alexander Pease: Yes. So we're probably hedged in the sort of 40% to 50% ZIP code. What we've done is our assumption on natural gas for the second quarter is around $5 per MMBtu. So that's contributing about a $25 million tailwinds to EBITDA when you think sequentially. When you think about the full year -- the full year outlook for natural gas, we expect it to stay relatively stable. So on a year-over-year basis, down about, call it, 25%. The other area is where we are seeing favorability again, sequentially versus -- and also year-over-year are fiber and freight. So fiber, OCC, sequentially, we anticipate being roughly flat, up about 3% to, call it, $36 a ton and then continuing to strengthen as we get through the balance of the year, but that's offset by Virgin, which is down about 8%. So that becomes about a $20 million good guy to EBITDA sequentially from Q4. And then freight has mitigated as well. So sequentially, we anticipate that being down about 1%. The area where we're seeing some inflationary effect offsetting the good guys that I just mentioned are both wages and chemicals, which are both up about 4%. So that's about a $75 million headwind sequentially, and that will persist likely through the balance of the year. And then just while we're talking about kind of guidance and the outlook, important to point out Gondi is going to add about $12 million of incremental depreciation for the quarter and about $47 million of interest. So as you're getting your models tweaked, get those two inputs.
Philip Ng: And on your hedge exposure in nat gas, can you remind us where you're hedged at the dollar value?
Alexander Pease: Well, what we do is we dollar cost average it over the course of every month, we make a purchase and we're in the market dollar cost averaging it. So like I said, the blended number that we can share is $5 per MMBtu over our overall portfolio.
Philip Ng: Got you. Super helpful. And then from a cash flow standpoint, I'm pretty impressed despite the uncertainty you're able to reiterate your free cash flow guidance. Any offsets that you're seeing that's helping you kind of sustaining that level of free cash flow. And in this current environment, David, any thoughts on how you want to deploy that capital?
Alexander Pease: Maybe I'll take the cash flow comment, and then David can talk about where he's going to spend it. So look, the biggest delta in the quarter was on CapEx. So if you look sort of -- it was about $100 million higher year-over-year from CapEx. A lot of that is driven because of the supply chain constraints that we had last year, we were accelerating purchases to get the orders in the system, and now we're deploying that capital into the system. So we do feel as though there's some opportunity to manage that as we get through the balance of the year. The other area where I think we can see some improvement is in working capital. So as we came into the end of the year, we did see several of our large customers basically just managing their cash flow across the period, and that had a negative impact as well. So we think both of those are strong levers we can pull. One of the things I'd point out, as we said in the prepared remarks, for the last 8 years, we've generated more than billion of free cash flow, and you all have lived through the cycles of the last 8 years, including COVID. And so I think we continue to be extremely confident in our ability to generate strong cash regardless of the uncertainty around the profitability and the revenue growth. And David, do you want to talk about the deployment?
David Sewell: Yes. I think it's consistent with what we demonstrated over the last year, 1.5 years is we'll continue to get our leverage in the range that we've targeted between 1.75x and 2.25x. And with Gondi came up, we'll get that paid down fairly quickly. And then with the cash flow generation, we'll continue with a growing and sustainable dividend.  And we'll be opportunistic in our share repurchases when we think our stock is undervalued.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: David, Alex, I apologize if this has been asked, we joined a minute late. I wanted to ask about this -- the disclosure as it relates to economic downtime. And you called it out in your Corrugated operations, which I think historically speaking, we would have associated economic downtime with mill activity. I thought with the new reporting structure that's sort of been segregated. So I'm just -- was this related to Corrugated operations that we're also taking downtime? Or maybe there's a transfer effect? I don't know how to think about that.
Alexander Pease: Yes. So let me take that one, Gabe. So economic downtime, it is directly related to the mill operations. As we go through our process of dividing up profitability between our Corrugated segment and our Global Paper segment. We basically do that following the transactions. So a portion of the economic impact of that downtime will fall in the Corrugated segment, Packaging segment. And another portion of that will fall into the Global Paper segment. So that's why perhaps it's a little confusing. Previously, when we did that historically, it all would have been blended within the Corrugated Packaging because that's where it all set. But it did impact our it did impact our Corrugated business. As David mentioned, our consumer business remains strong, both on the Consumer Packaging as well as the consumer side of Global Paper. So that's really just as we're showing you the fully integrated margins by the segment, that's where you see the split out. So does that help, I hope?
Gabe Hajde: It does. It does. And then again, I apologize if it was addressed. But as you look across the system in terms of inventories, we on the outside world, we're trying to understand where you're at? And I know the destocking term has been thrown on quite a bit. Just where you're at with inventories going into the heavy maintenance outage period in your Corrugated system specifically.
Alexander Pease: Maybe I'll take the internal inventory question, and then David will, I think, comment on how the market looks. So from an internal standpoint, I think we feel as though our inventory levels are looking quite good. We did take some higher inventory at Mahrt on the consumer side of the business as we were anticipating some potential disruption related to the labor issues that we've talked about. And then we also tend to take inventory as we're planning for the maintenance downtown. So we did have inventories that were perhaps elevated, but not elevated beyond what our expectations were. David, do you want to comment on the market conditions?
David Sewell: I do. Maybe just one other comment. Alex mentioned Mahrt, and I did want to let you know that the contract was ratified yesterday, so our employees will be back to work as soon as administrative will be possible. So we feel great about that. That will certainly help us as we move forward on our productivity issues. And just the team has just done a great job ensuring that there was no disruption in our customer service. As far as overall customer inventories, I think destocking at our corrugated customers is largely behind us. I think it's getting back to normalized levels. There's a few here or there, we're maybe a little bit elevated. But as I mentioned earlier, it's really global paper specifically even more so in the export market where they still have elevated inventory levels. And I go back to last year when it was tight, I think there was a lot of ordering to make sure that they kept their customers secured with product. And so with a little bit of softness in the global economy, I think their customer orders were softer than they anticipated. So they're still sitting on some elevated inventory levels, but they are working through that. And that's why, as Alex mentioned, as we get toward the second half of the year, I think we'll be -- have more confidence in the normalization of where we're at.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: David, just following up on that last point. When you look at your Global Paper export customers and you think about the inventory situation, would you draw any differentiation between Europe, Latin America, I guess Asia is maybe a bit smaller for you. And when you talk about normalization in the second half, is that calendar -- second half calendar '23? Or is that your fiscal second half?
David Sewell: Yes, Anthony, thanks for that. It's pretty consistent. You hit it. I mean, we export Latin America, Europe and to a smaller extent in Asia Pacific. It's pretty consistent across all of those as far as kind of the levels of inventory that our customers are seeing. So I think -- I don't think I could really classify one region's ahead of another. It's just been pretty consistent. I think our customers are telling us we were just really worried last year when the market was so tight, and then they just experienced a little bit of softness more so than they anticipated. So that will, I think, come back. And then Anthony, I apologize what the second part of your question was?
Anthony Pettinari: When you said second half could be the timeline for normalization, is that calendar or fiscal?
David Sewell: Yes. And I think that goes part to the transparency and our guidance is we are on a fiscal year. So obviously, we end, end of September. And so our customers are talking calendar year. And that's where I think it's just -- we just wanted to be certain. So I think that's just a subtle difference with our fiscal year versus the way our customers think about calendar year, and which is why we just felt like, let's go to quarter until we get that stabilization in the second half of the year, whether we understand it's our fiscal Q4 versus '24 Q1. And I think we'll give visibility to that as we get closer.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on Gondi, I mean, you gave the earnings contribution in calendar '22 understanding you're not giving full year guidance for '23, but I'm just wondering if there's any kind of finer point in terms of maybe expected contribution for Gondi or just maybe more broadly, how that business and maybe the Mexican market is performing maybe relative to expectations 3 months ago?
Alexander Pease: Yes. Let me talk about the outlook and then actually, David was down in Mexico recently. So he'll talk about the Mexican market. So you're right, we did disclose in the other unallocated portion of the business. We did disclose Gondi contributed $17 million, and that was for 1 month. The other point we made was it finished the year on a trailing 12-month basis in line with our expectations. Now we're not going to give guidance for Gondi for a lot of reasons. But I think from a modeling standpoint, it's fair to either annualize the December results or take our comments on it performing in line with expectations as a reasonable pro forma for what it will contribute next year.
David Sewell: Yes. No, nothing more to add other than it. I mean, if you look at Gondi Mexico sales, they came in line. And as we mentioned, the IMF predicting that Mexico will grow faster than the U.S., and we saw their packaging sales higher than our North America sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson from [indiscernible].
Adam Josephson: David, Alex, just on clarification on your free cash flow guidance. Can you put a finer point on what you're expecting to spend on CapEx as well as any source from working capital that you might be expecting this year?
Alexander Pease: Yes. So our CapEx guide is in line with the $1 billion. That's consistent with what we've communicated previously. And then working capital, I think it's fair to take a look at what AR did in the end of the year and anticipate that we'll be working on that significantly. I sort of anticipate, call it, 4 days of improvement in our cash conversion and that will get you back to your $1 billion or north of $1 billion.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Perfect. And in terms of your total cost expectations for fiscal '23, some of it's inflationary, whether it's -- I think you mentioned labor and chemicals, specifically, but then you've got OCC, gas, other costs that will be significantly deflationary in fiscal '23. So just overall, can you give us a sense for what -- do you expect total deflation, flattish total cost, maybe slight inflation? Any thoughts there.
Alexander Pease: Sure. So let me -- I'm going to avoid giving guidance. So I'm going to try to give you [indiscernible] where we're headed. So I think I mentioned in my prior comments, we do anticipate gas right now in Q2 at around $5 an MMBtu. We see that as relatively steady through the back half of the year. OCC, it's right now at around $35, $36 a ton. We do see that strengthening as we get to the year. So probably exiting in Q4, maybe a little bit between where it was in Q3 and Q4 of fiscal '22. Virgin probably staying fairly consistent with where it's been, where it exited last year, call it, in the $45, $46 a ton zone freight mitigating, so freight being stable. And really the largest headwind I mentioned being the chemical and the wage, which is 4%, and that will persist through the balance of the year.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Okay. And David, just on the topic of providing full year guidance, I mean I know you're doing it just to help investors get a sense for what your full year expectations are. But obviously, during COVID, the company withdrew guidance. And now again, you've chosen to withdraw guidance. So just on a longer-term basis, do you think it's appropriate to continue providing full year profit guidance just given how frequently you've had to withdraw it. And look, you have no control over the macro, currency, commodity costs, et cetera. So is it really worth it to try to give investors a sense for what you expect when there's just so much over which you have no control?
David Sewell: Yes, Adam, I appreciate your comments and thank you for them. Your points are all valid, and we'll continue to evaluate it as we continue to move forward. But you're right, there are a lot of moving pieces that are out of our control versus we are in a cyclical market, and so we'll continue to evaluate it. But I don't think we have a firm answer one way or the other right now.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Quartaro for closing remarks.
Robert Quartaro: Great. Thank you, everybody, for joining our call today. As usual, we are available after the call for any additional questions that you have. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
